id,title,text,label
22545,The Libertarian Parody of Star Wars,"21st Century Wire says Worth watching. The Ed Snowden cameo is class. The Star Wars Libertarian Special features Senate filibusters, border patrol stops, eminent domain, a guest appearance by Edward Snowden, and rarely seen footage from Chewbacca s galaxy-trotting documentary series about free-market economics.  Watch here: FYI: This parody is not affiliated with the Star Wars Holiday Special (1978), though you should watch it if you haven t already.  SEE MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood Files",0
22546,Who’s Better: “Dangerous Donald” or “Crooked Hillary”?,"21st Century Wire says Now that the Democratic Party establishment has finally put all its cards on the table and declared Hillary Clinton their  presumptive  nominee for President, the public at large is finally coming to grips with the prospect of a Trump vs Clinton election race come November. Rather than asking who is best fit to hold the highest office in the land, most pundits are instead asking the other question now: who is worse?To be absolutely fair, both of these personalities have their annoying and often infuriating attributes.There is one marked difference between these two political animals. While Trump is an unknown quantity in terms of politics and public service, Madame Secretary has a track record already, but not a great one.As the old adage goes   no matter who you vote for, the government always gets in  Thus far, we can say this much about Donald: he is consistent in that he will consistently make brash, off-the-cuff, shallow, offensive and often completely insane remarks on the campaign trail   remarks that should kill his opinion polls and finish his presidential run once and for all. Somehow though, he survives, and even thrives in the controversy. Most experts are still  speechless  for comment.As Secretary of State Hillary Clinton fronted at least one major war of aggression with the decapitation of the nation state of Libya in 2011. Since the US-led take-down of that country, things have gone from very bad to beyond the pale. Few will remember though, that Hillary Clinton was also fronting the US-UK-led  Friends of Syria  (2011-2012) Middle East & European regime change road show   where western leaders colluded with Gulf Kings and oil magnates to discuss the take-down and destruction of Syria.Regarding Israel, Clinton s record is completely pro-Israel with no caveats. She does not call for end to occupation of Palestine by Israel, nor will she publicly recognize the native Palestinians  collective right of self-determination, or their refugees right of return. She is also anti-Iran and will happily give succour to any and every Israeli desire on that issue.On the other hand, Donald Trump has made numerous public declarations including one on national TV about his intention to broker a peace deal between the Israelis and the native Palestinians.Does this mean Hillary will be worse than Donald? Not necessarily, because Washington has a way of grinding every political operator down to the same reprehensible level it seems.What it does mean is that with Hillary you know what you are getting, while with Donald, you don t.For those leaning towards Clinton in this Hobsons Choice simulation, this means the next default position is: better the devil you know.Once again, Americans seem forced into that tired old electoral clich , forced to choose between  the lesser of two evils (leave your thoughts and comments below)Marc Joffe Fiscal TimesIn 1991, Louisiana voters faced a difficult choice. In the runoff gubernatorial election that fall, the candidates were Democrat Edwin Edwards and Republican David Duke. The notoriously corrupt Edwards had already served three terms as governor and faced bribery charges. (When it turned out, after Edwards was acquitted in that case, that some of the sequestered jurors had stolen towels from their hotel, Edwards reportedly quipped that he had been judged by a  jury of my peers. ) Edwards would later be convicted on 17 counts of racketeering, extortion, money laundering and fraud.Duke s story was even worse; he was a former Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan and was still active in white supremacist circles. Mainstream Republicans lined up behind Edwards. In the heat of the campaign, which Edwards went on to win, it became common to see bumper stickers that read,  Vote for the Crook. It s Important. Maybe somebody should print up another batch of those stickers for the presidential race this year. With Hillary Clinton assured of surpassing the 2383 delegate nomination threshold today, Democrats have chosen an apparently corrupt candidate to be their presumptive nominee. She s still the better choice for president.Related: How Conservatives Stopped Listening and Lost Control of the GOPCircumstantial evidence of Clinton s corruption is abundant and easily found by anyone not in denial. Although she is not responsible for her husband s infidelity nor for Vince Foster s suicide, other scandals are not so easily dismissed. As the recent State Department Investigator General s report suggests, Clinton set up a home-brew email server in contravention of department policies to prevent disclosure of her correspondence. The IG report also confirms that, even today, Clinton has not turned over all the messages that passed through her personal server.Some of the missing messages may have documented the inappropriate links between her job as secretary of state and her involvement with the Clinton Foundation. As documented by Peter Schweizer in Clinton Cash, State Department project approvals sometimes coincided with large contributions to the foundation by beneficiaries of these actions. After leaving office, Clinton continued to sell her influence to the highest bidder, as evidenced by the $225,000 speaking fees she received from Goldman Sachs.Clinton s pay-for-play activity has a long history   going back at least to the late 1970s. As I previously wrote, Clinton effectively received a $98,000 bribe from interests related to Tyson Foods via a sham futures trading account. Her husband s Arkansas gubernatorial administration then eased oversight of Tyson, allowing it to contaminate one town s water supply with chicken manure.Related: Most Americans Don t Believe Hillary Clinton and Donald TrumpIn 1992, the cozy relationship between Bill Clinton s Arkansas state house, Hillary s Rose Law Firm and regulated entities was detailed by The Washington Post and raised by former California Gov. Jerry Brown during a presidential debate. Under Bill Clinton s administration, Arkansas issued multiple no-bid contracts to the Rose Law Firm, assigned it up $175,000 in bond counsel work and authorized Madison Guaranty Bank   a failing Savings and Loan Association represented by Hillary   to issue preferred stock.When political leaders fail to play by the rules applied to normal people, a natural reaction is to try and stop them. But, in this case, stopping Hillary Clinton means supporting someone else for president. And for those who think voting for a third party candidate is a waste, that leaves only one alternative:  Donald Trump.So rather than immediately dismissing Hillary for her ethical flaws, the correct approach is to determine whether she is better than the alternative. I tend to think the answer is yes.A useful way to look at the decision this November is to ask whether continuity or change is the better option for the U.S. at this point in time. Clinton is likely to continue most Obama-era policies, whereas Trump can be expected to attempt some radical departures.Related: Can Trump s Nationalist Trade Policy Really Make America Great Again?Complaints about the status quo notwithstanding, life in 2016 America isn t horrible for most of us, and so radical change comes with a lot of downside risk. Although some of the doom and gloom predictions about a Trump administration are overstated (for example, I would not expect white supremacists to play a major role in his administration), there are legitimate causes for concern.A major threat posed by Trump is the potential for a breakdown in global cooperation. Trump seems to view foreign countries like competing companies or candidates, failing to appreciate the interdependence that characterizes our global order. Trumpian brinkmanship could trigger a global trade war, repeating the error of the 1930 Smoot-Hawley Tariff. When Herbert Hoover signed that piece of protectionist legislation, the result was a cascade of beggar thy neighbor reactions from U.S. trading partners, greatly exacerbating the Great Depression.Trump s policies toward illegal immigrants would also be destabilizing. Millions of undocumented aliens take service and agricultural jobs that American citizens avoid. If these individuals are rounded up or  self deport  in large numbers, industries that rely on them could be crippled. Alternatively, as last week s violence in San Jose portends, a Trump presidency is likely to produce more civil disorder Continue this story at Fiscal TimesREAD ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22547,"Who’s The Fascist? Barack Obama, Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?","Margaret Kimberly Global ResearchThe U.S. public loves fascists; they elect them, constantly. Donald Trump, who  says he would raise the minimum wage and stop the endless efforts at regime change,  is called a fascist by some.  But Hillary Clinton  is happy to bomb Libya or Syria or any other country,  and played a major role in mass Black incarceration. Barack Obama is the war-maker and deporter-in-chief.  All of the major party candidates fit the F word description in some way. Donald Trump is the ill spoken, boorish, graceless version of every American president in modern history. He differs from them only in his unconcealed appeals to white nationalism. But Democrats aren t much better. They pretend to work on behalf of human, civil and economic rights but those claims are lies. They are meant to hide their partnerships with corporate America, very wealthy individuals and the worldwide imperialist project.If Trump is a fascist then he will fit in nicely with the pantheon of horrific men we are told to respect and venerate. Barack Obama charges and convicts whistle blowers with the little used espionage act from the era of Woodrow Wilson. He claims and has exercised an invented right to kill Americans. His predecessor invaded and occupied Iraq but he continues the dirty deed there and in Afghanistan. He tries to fool the public by assassinating  al Qaeda number two,  over and over again. Al Qaeda certainly doesn t lack for plan B staffers.Bush the younger cut tax rates for rich people but Obama didn t change that. Under the guise of compromising with intransigent Republicans he did the same thing. When he and the Democrats controlled Congress in 2009 and 2010 they raised the minimum wage a paltry 70 cents.Conversely, Donald Trump says he would raise the minimum wage and says he would stop the endless efforts at regime change. Neither Hillary Clinton nor Bernie Sanders have questioned that fundamental premise of American foreign policy. Hillary Clinton has already proven herself to be particularly blood thirsty. She is happy to bomb Libya or Syria or any other country. Her so-called expertise amounts to nothing more than an expansion of state sponsored terror committed by the United States.Trump says he wouldn t cut Social Security while Barack Obama famously declared that he and his 2012 Republican opponent, Mitt Romney, agreed on the need to cut this program that was once called the  third rail  of politics.Every president since the 1980s has grown the horrific mass incarceration industry. Using wars on drugs as a pretext they have locked up 2 million people, half of whom are black. No one comes into office with any intention of undoing America s leadership as the world s worst jailer.American history teaches black people to be, at the very least, wary of public officials who are beloved by red necks as much as Trump is. When Trump speaks of preventing Muslim immigration or deporting all of the estimated 11 million undocumented people in this country he is making inherently racist appeals.That is why he is protested and rightly so. But the protesters have already missed the mark by giving a pass to equally questionable policy actions and statements coming from Democrats.It is a Democratic president who brought back a cold war against Russia and recklessly brought troops to the edge of that country s borders.This scenario was unheard of during the worst days of the cold war and now risks nuclear confrontation. That is because George W. Bush unilaterally abrogated the missile defense treaty with Russia. Perhaps he can be called a fascist also.The trade deals passed by American presidents with congressional connivance grow worse. There is no longer any pretense that their goal is to help corporations maximize profits and minimize everyone else s rights. Not even members of Congress were allowed access to the text of the Trans Pacific Partnership legislation.If Trump is protested, Obama ought to be as well. He is spending his last year in office on an imperialism tour. He goes to Hiroshima for photo opportunities with atomic bomb survivors while building more nuclear warheads than any other president. He tells endless lies about Russian  aggression  but he is the provocative head of state.Trump should be disliked by Latinos and everyone else when he says that Mexican immigrants are rapists and murderers. But Obama is the deporter in chief, sending a record number of Latino immigrants out of the country with dubious rationales, devastating them and their families.Apparently all of the major party candidates fit the F word description in some way. Trump s bombast and ignorance make him the easiest to pick out of the crowd but appearances are deceiving. It seems that if a politician has the right establishment credentials and knows how to give prepared speeches he or she can get away with committing any outrage.In just the last 40 years American presidents or their allied partners in crime have killed people in Iraq, Iran, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Congo, Somalia, Haiti, Grenada, Gaza, Kosovo, Serbia, Sudan, Syria, Libya and Yemen. What do they have to do to be called fascists? Showing bad manners seems to be the only thing that sets off expressions of outrage among Americans.There is already fascism in the White House, the Justice Department, the State Department and Congress. The only question is who will be the next person to keep that sick machinery running.This article originally appeared on Global ResearchGet 10% off a 21WIRE TV membership package today using promo code: STU21WIRETVEVERYTHING ON ELECTION 2016: 21st Century Wire Election Files",0
22548,Expect more ‘terror busts’ as FBI steps up its use of “ISIS stings”,"21st Century Wire says If there is no real terrorist threat, then the thing to do is to create one. Such is the received wisdom of today s Federal Bureau of Investigation.According to its latest public relations release by the FBI s  counter terrorism  department, the agency plans to  significantly increased  its use of stings in order to catch would-be terrorists. In other words, it s planning to ramp-up its policy of using entrapment in order to organize, recruit, train and even supply materials to budding neophyte terrorists in the US.This should come as no surprise  to anyone who has been following these incidents. In spite the grand announcement, in reality   all the FBI has been doing for the last 25 years are just that: stings, stings and more stings  FBI Direct: James Comey has spend a lot of time in front of Congress this year. The logic is astounding, if not insane, but for some reason, this type of antiquated thinking still dominated US federal law enforcement institutions: We re not going to wait for the person to mobilize on his own time line,  said Michael B. Steinbach, who leads the F.B.I. s national security branch. He added that the F.B.I. could not afford to  just sit and wait knowing the individual is actively plotting. Since before 9/11, FBI agents have relied on the practice of using informants to pose as jihadi  radicals  or small arms dealers, in order to excite and recruit fringe members of society into constructive pursuits such as bomb-making, and will often bring them to the scene of a mock terrorists crime before agents leap out from behind the shadows to make a high-profile  arrest  of the unwitting dupe/suspect.In 2016, most of the recruitment required to assemble these theatrical, state-managed scenarios is done online via  friends  on social media, as FBI cyber agents look for individuals who appear to be supporting ISIS or Al-Qaeda. If successful, online grooming transitions to real world meeting, and with any luck   blossoms into a contrived  terror plot  courtesy of the FBI confidential informant. 1993 WTC BOMBER: Ramzi Yousef.Perhaps the best-ever example of a FBI sting resulting in a real terrorist attack is an event which the mindless US mainstream media still wrongly attribute to real terrorists   the 1993 World Trade Center Bombing.In this all-FBI-hatched plot, the agency used at least one known informant, a man named Emad Salem, a former Egyptian army officer. Salem later demonstrated on secret recording he made how the FBI originally asked him to supply the  conspirators  with harmless powder instead of actual explosive to construct their bomb, but for reasons still (officially) unknown, the FBI chose to allow a real bomb to be deployed at the WTC on the day of the supposed  sting .Author Tom Secker at Global Research explains it in the simplest terms:  this relatively ragtag group who were inspired by CIA asset the Blind Sheikh and trained by triple agent Ali Mohamed managed to pull off the bombing. The result was a bomb detonating underneath the WTC and putting thousands of innocent Americans at risk.Still, ever single major US television and newspaper outlet still moronically refers to the 1993 WTC event as a  terrorist attack on American soil.  Team America: Fabricated TerrorAccording to the FBI s own records, nearly 70% of (reported)  ISIS-linked  terrorist prosecutions (not convictions) are being cooked-up via the use of informants and stings/entrapment: Undercover operations, once seen as a last resort, are now used in about two of every three prosecutions involving people suspected of supporting the Islamic State, a sharp rise in the span of just two years, according to a New York Times analysis. Charges have been brought against nearly 90 Americans believed to be linked to the group. Back in May, the FBI arrested a man, James Medina, for allegedly for  planning an attack  on a Miami-area Aventura Turnberry Jewish Center synagogue with an explosive device. As it turns out, the synagogue was never actually in any real danger   as the bomb was a fake   sold to him by an FBI undercover agent, before the man was stopped before the man  was stopped by FBI agents posing as fellow terrorists who set up a sting operation. FBI chat-up lines:  Are you a Muslim? Which Mosque do you go to? Do you know al-Qaeda? In 2015, one classic exhibit was the frame-up of 20 year old Christopher Lee Cornell, snared in one of the most bogus fake terror plot ever, and yet the US mainstream media couldn t stop gushing over the event as if it were an  ISIS-inspired attack , only no attack actually took place.According to David Steele, a 20-year Marine Corps intelligence officer and former-CIA case officer, most US  terror  plots are cooked by by US authorities: Most terrorists are false flag terrorists, or are created by our own security services. In the United States, every single terrorist incident we have had has been a false flag, or has been an informant pushed on by the FBI. In fact, we now have citizens taking out restraining orders against FBI informants that are trying to incite terrorism. We ve become a lunatic asylum. Some other similar  would-be  high-profile terror icons and patsies include:  Paris Shooter Amedi Coulibaby (see his incredible informant case here),  Ottawa Shooter  Zehaf-Bibeau (see his patsy story here),  Boston Bomber  Tamerlan Tsarnaev (see his informant story here),  The Underwear Bomber  Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab (see his patsy story here), Buford Rogers (read his informant story here), Jerad Miller (read his informant story here), Naji Mansour (read his entrapment story here), Quazi Mohammad Nafis (read his patsy story here), Mohamed Osman Mohamud (read his entrapment story here), and even the infamous  OKC Bomber  Timothy McVeigh (read his sheep-dipped, patsy story here).In reality, it is the covert culture of Washington DC which does more to promote genuine terrorism, at home and internationally   much more than any other single nation state outside of Saudi Arabia and Israel. Until the major of people realize thisREAD MORE ZANY FBI PLOTS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK & BECOME A 21WIRE.TV MEMBER HERE",0
22549,‘Journalistic Malpractice’: CNN Slammed for ‘Biased’ Coverage in Favour of Hillary,"21st Century Wire says This definitely needed to be said.Host of popular internet news shows The Young Turks, Cenk Uygur, has slammed the mainstream media for  journalistic malpractice  after they fraudulently announced that Hillary Clinton would be the Democratic nominee prior to the result of the California primary.Here at 21WIRE, we informed our readers last week that such big politik dirty tricks would be played.Uygur appeared on CNN saying: Brian, you guys, and I mean all of the establishment press, totally tilted the playing field here from day one by counting those superdelegates, Superdelegates do switch their votes all the time, they switched it in 2008. Hillary Clinton had a 100-superdelegate lead which completely vanished in 2008, But if you count them in the official tally, when you know they can, and often do switch their votes, and have not voted yet, that is simply incorrect, that s not journalism. From day one, which was absolutely incorrect, it was in fact journalistic malpractice which indicates an establishment bias. Watch the full interview here: EVERYTHING ON ELECTION 2016: 21st Century Wire Election Files",0
22550,TV Host Buys and Forgives $15m Worth of U.S. Medical Debt,"21st Century Wire says This latest stunt only goes to show what a complete rip-off the US healthcare industry truly is.This week, John Oliver, host of HBO s Last Week Tonight trumped media mogul and billionaire Oprah Winfrey by announcing he will forgive the medical debt of 9,000 people. Presently, the US healthcare industry has the world s highest and most inflated medical pricing on goods and services   pushing millions of Americans into debt over health treatments which should not cost the same as a brand new Lexus SUV or Land Rover. Despite the hype, Obamacare did nothing to address this fundamental flaw in the US system. In fact, it made the situation worse, and has turned out to be absolute boon for the corporate insurance racket.If Obamacare was really all it was cracked up to be, then it would ve done en mass what John Oliver demonstrated on his show   buying up medical debt at a merger one half cent on the dollar, and then putting that into cold storage. Instead, Obamacare only succeeded in RAISING the cost (and debt) of healthcare for individual payers.More on this story here  Watch out, Oprah Winfrey. John Oliver, host of HBO s Last Week Tonight, outdid TV s biggest gift giver on Sunday when he forgave nearly $15m worth of medical debt on his show.Oliver s  giveaway  came at the end of a 20-minute segment on debt collectors. The segment focused on the bad actors in the industry, who buy debt from banks for cents on the dollar. These predatory collectors attempt to recoup the debt they purchased using threats and other aggressive tactics without first verifying the exact details of the debt. Once the company has bought your debt, whether the information is accurate or not, they are going to try to collect on it,  Oliver explained on Sunday.Last Week Tonight spent about $50 to create a debt-acquisition company in Mississippi. The corporation s name is Central Asset Recovery Professionals Inc   also known as Carp. According to Oliver, soon after its creation, Carp was offered a portfolio of medical debt worth $14,922,261.76 at a cost of  less than half a cent on a dollar, which is less than $60,000 .( )  Thanks to this 5 June airing of the HBO comedy series, Last Week Tonight show with John Oliver, there are a lot more of us now privy to this collection industry practice and the debt treadmill it creates,  said Craig Antico, co-founder of RIP Medical Debt.  In a painfully hilarious (debt as funny? Somehow, yes) piece, John Oliver triumphantly out-Oprah s Oprah in giving away valuable gifts. Continue this story at The GuardianREAD MORE HEALTH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Health Files",0
22551,"American Scientists Harvesting Human Organs in Live Pigs, Creating a Human-Pig Embryo","21st Century Wire says This is one step closer to the future industry of farming organs in human surrogates.American scientists are now trying to grow human organs inside of pigs in order to  tackle the donor shortage  (problem, reaction, solution).The potential for limitless profits here is immense  The GuardianScientists trying to grow human organs inside pigs in an attempt to tackle a shortage of donors have successfully created part-human, part-pig embryos, it has been reported.Researchers at the University of California, Davis combined human stem cells and pig DNA and allowed the embryos to mature for 28 days, before terminating the experiment and analysing the tissue.They believe that the animals, which would have a human internal organ, may look and behave like any other pig and could be a ready source of organs for life-saving transplants.It was reported earlier this year that scientists had begun attempts to create the embryos but there has been opposition from authorities. In September last year, the US National Institutes of Health said it would not back research into so-called chimeras until it knew more about the implications.It cited fears that the presence of human cells could affect the animal s brain and behaviour, potentially making it more human. Prof Pablo Ross, the reproductive biologist leading the research, sought to calm those fears, saying that there was a  very low potential for a human brain to grow .Peter Stevenson, from Compassion in World Farming, told the BBC s Panorama programme:  I m nervous about opening up a new source of animal suffering. Let s first get many more people to donate organs. If there is still a shortage after that, we can consider using pigs, but on the basis that we eat less meat so that there is no overall increase in the number of pigs being used for human purposes. But Prof Ross said:  Our hope is that this pig embryo will develop normally but the pancreas will be made almost exclusively out of human cells and could be compatible with a patient for transplantation. Continue this story at the GuardianREAD MORE TRANSHUMANISM NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Transhumanist Files",0
22552,HEAD GAMES: Technology With The Potential To Shape Reality,"Randy Johnson 21st Century Wire  MIRROR MIRROR   Am I still just a movie concept?  Virtual  avatar  technology is in its infancy   as far as we know (Image: Actor Sam Worthington from the science fiction blockbuster film, Avatar).Is humanity s recent quantum leap with technology all fun and games, or a zombie-like march into the arms of a technocratic prison world?For generations we have seen global figures such as John F. Kennedy or Ronald Reagan speak on television and that s what we believed we have seen and heard.We have all heard, people say things such as  The President said it   it was on the news  or  she said it on TV, I saw it.  Ever since the invention of the medium of television, this has served as a sufficient casual reference to any event away from the local area.What if the words and image of a global figure, broadcast to millions on television, was not real?  What if your eyes and ears where literally deceiving you?Simply put, what if seeing isn t believing anymore?  What if the person on screen, on LIVE television, who is actually interacting with questions asked, was not the person being represented on screen?With technological advancements, as exemplified with the  still-in-development Face2Face system, the potential to present and act any person to an audience for multiple reasons, both good and bad, is here.  With respect to black budgets, exotic technology, and unknown classified advancements of similar computer systems and programs   technology beyond that of the Face2Face system could already be here and further advanced.What exactly is a Face2Face system?  TechCrunch.com describes it as taking,  A YouTube video of someone speaking like, say, George W. Bush.  Use a standard RGB [Red Green Blue] webcam to capture a video of someone else emoting and saying something entirely different.  Throw both videos into the Face2Face system and  you ve now got a relatively believable video of George W. Bush s face   now almost entirely synthesized   doing whatever the actor in the second video wanted the target s face to do. If the definition eludes you, then take a look at the Face2Face system in action.Watch below as life-like avatars of George W. Bush, Barack Obama, Donald Trump, and Vladimir Putin follow visual commands in real time via the Face2Face system. That s great.  What about the voice you might ask?It does not take a wild imagination to envision voice software programs linked up with visual avatars for something like the Face2Face system in real time.Celebrity  voice changer  technology or other  voice morphing  software is already available at the consumer level.  Many security systems, phones, and buildings grant access by authenticating a person s voice.  There is even a real danger for people to have their actual voice  hacked  as they leave samples of it everywhere throughout the day.If the Face2Face technology, in a development stage as seen above, as does voice changing and voice recognition technology exists, then it only follows that the audio and the visual technology are destined to sync up.Just think of the implications.You could potentially have John Wayne, Elvis, Michael Jordan, Osama bin Laden, Miley Cyrus, or Justin Beiber wishing you happy birthday on a video message and interacting with you   Live.  It isn t really them, but then again it is them, just in a virtual reality sort of way.  Could there eventually be monetary charges to use the likeness of famous people dead or alive with certain companies owning certain celebrity s long dead and families of recent celebrities getting a cut?Perhaps a world leader could be dead for weeks and still delivering speeches or issuing orders. Anyone can be misquoted intentionally and questioned, framed, or made to fall from grace in the court of public opinion.  If you could take over another nation s airwaves, their leader can be seen saying something they said on television   except for the fact it isn t them and they never said it. Wars have been started for less.In the summer of 2015, 21WIRE discussed the use of a 3D avatar in the political realm, as India s Prime Minister Narendra Mohdi delivered a holographic speech at some 900 different rallies over the course of his campaign: Some would argue politicians are actors or entertainers in their own right, but hologram use is not limited to entertainers. Narendra Mohdi has already used the technology during his successful campaign to become India s Prime Minister. What would the future of electioneering look like with this new high-tech gadgetry?It has long been known that US political strategists have shaped elections throughout the world.In 2015, Hollywood released a fictionalized political comedy-drama named after a documentary called Our Brand Is Crisis (2005), a picture which gave a behind-the-scenes account of how James Carville and the political consultancy Greenberg Carville Shrum (GCS) socially-engineered the 2002 Bolivian elections to help Gonzalo S nchez de Lozada win the heavily contested presidency. He eventually resigned due to the so-called  Gas Wars,  where it was announced that he would follow pro-US economic policies and export natural gas to the US and Mexico.The documentary displays much of the socially-engineered electioneering that has been ongoing by the West for decades   it makes you wonder what future Western-backed campaigns might look like when aided by new tech, such as Spain s recent holographic protests, that featured thousands marching in avatar form.  SOCK PUPPET PROTEST?    New forms of political control on the horizon. (Image Source: americansuburbx)Media platforms are used to manipulate.  The very images we see all sorts of screens and media platforms can be planned, created, and manipulated through the use of actors, sets, and computer graphics.So technology doesn t have an effect on the masses and is rolled out to society  without a blueprint  so to speak?  Just consider the now common scene below.  NOMOPHOBIA    Technology, consumerism, and human behavior together.  So close, yet so far away   (Image Source: mymimtimsum.blogspot.com)Mass media in particular, is often utilized to shape opinions, drive agendas, and to communicate messages to the masses.  This is nothing new and can be as mundane as with advertising and marketing.  Specialized fields such as consumer psychologists and behavioral scientists became part of marketing teams and campaigns.  Corporations within the United States, China, United Kingdom, Germany, and Japan spent over 590 billion dollars on advertising in 2015.  In so many words, shaping masses in various aspects of behavior is literally seen as a science.Is mainstream  news reporting  above the fray and simply covering events?  Is shaping minds and creating trends limited to marketing and mass commercialism?  Probably not.  It is now becoming common knowledge that 6 umbrella corporations own about 90% of the media.  If you steer the minds, shape the laws, and build the consensus, you control the profits and get to select winners and losers.  The saying  The medium is the message seems as relevant as ever.Virtual Reality vs Old Fashioned Reality LAWNMOWER MAN  (left image)   In this 1992 science fiction film, drugs & virtual reality augment human intelligence. (Image Source: movpins)Virtual reality or deception is best brought in  through the front door  and accepted slowly via entertainment means.  Movies, televisions, computers, the internet, and smart phones are the norm and were presented to the masses as a means of entertainment, news, communication or learning, but have a dark side of conditioning, monitoring people, propaganda dissemination and changing or controlling human outlooks on reality.For those old enough to remember life before the year 2000, they might remember having human interaction that included interaction in close proximity to others.  Now, so-called social networking is something not done in person.  It s almost fashionable for someone to ignore their surroundings and introvert themselves into the world  of a device.Nothing beats connecting with other people more than losing oneself into the cyber reality of a smart phone   DIGITAL SLAVE    This is becoming a familiar sight.  When the conversation is this good, why go out?  (Image Source: Prezi.com)Fun and games, or a zombie-like walk into the arms of a technocratic world. The Face2Face system technology above is not unlike the virtual reality (VR) technology used to map a person s face and expressions to a VR avatar. Mark Zukerberg s Facebook has shown heavy interest in the technology, most notably with its 2 billion dollar purchase of Silicon Valley VR firm Oculus Rift.The global acquisitions of talent and start-up companies with expertise in virtual reality technology by Facebook has been notable and they have stated their intent to integrate social networking with virtual reality and avatars.Nothing beats getting people together and networking than a visual representation of themselves in a virtual reality scenario.Get with it!  Reality is so yesterday!   OCULUS RIFT   purchased by Facebook, can map and copy face movements in real time. It has vast potential for shaping reality via gaming and social networking.Ready or not, an ever-increasing technological world is on the way. Virtual reality devices are not likely to become common overnight. However, over time, especially for those who can remember, it will probably be like when there were no smart phones. Eventually humankind could reach a point where few remember what it was like without it.In addition to Face2Face types of technology, holographic and projection technology, as seen with  Face Hacking , could be intertwined with Face-2-Face and voice morphing technologies.Read 21st Century Wire s article Face Hacking: 3-D Projection Mapping in Real Time here.The potential can be as amazing as it is disconcerting.  In the meantime more and more people are warming up to the reality of a virtual reality.  Watch below. READ MORE A.I. TECHNOLOGY: 21st Century Wire A.I. Files",0
22553,The New American Mediocrity: Ash Carter vs Dr. Strangelove,"21st Century Wire says US Defense Secretary Ash Carter is the latest Washington  defense  insider to suffer from that common American condition known as  Strangelove Syndrome. .  Ash Carter (above) alongside Peter Sellers as the enigmatic and satirical menace Dr. Strangelove.Is this the New American Mediocrity displaying its ignorance out of Washington DC, or is there more to it? Is Washington going into full cold war-esque Strangelove mode again ?RTBeijing has accused US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter of having a Cold War mentality, following his statement that China risks creating a  Great Wall of self-isolation  over its actions in the South China Sea.Speaking at a daily news briefing on Monday, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said Carter s remarks  laid bare the stereotypical US thinking and US hegemony. Indeed, there are some in the US who live physically in the 21st century, but whose minds are stuck in the Cold War era,  she said, as quoted by AP.China has no interest in any form of Cold War, nor are we interested in playing a role in a Hollywood movie written and directed by certain US military officials. However, China has no fear of and will counter any actions that threaten and undermine China s sovereignty and security,  Hua continued.The remarks come just days after US Defense Secretary Ashton Carter said that China risks creating a  Great Wall of self-isolation  through its military expansion in the South China sea and its alleged hacks on US companies. China s actions could erect a Great Wall of self-isolation,  Carter told graduating officers at the US Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland, on Friday.  Countries across the region   allies, partners, and the unaligned   are voicing concerns publicly and privately at the highest levels. Carter went on to state that the US continues to be concerned about Beijing s actions in the disputed South China Sea, where it has laid claim to almost the entire region Continue this story at RTWatch 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen join in on CrossTalk s heady discussion on US foreign policy here: ",0
22554,BOILER ROOM – EP #59 – The Loss and Curse of Patriotism,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire, Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Branko Malic of Kali Tribune, Jamie Hanshaw author of  Weird Stuff: Hollywood Mind Control  and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East. Tonight the Boiler Gang discusses a plethora of topics including Tragedy & Hope, Weird Stuff   Hollywood Mind Control, Donald Trump Basting Bill Kristol, the status of patriotism in the United States and so much more!BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! Reference Links:",0
22555,Henningsen on CrossTalk: American Foreign Policy ‘Dumbed Down’,"21st Century Wire says Is there any difference in US foreign policy between the two major parties? Just how important is foreign policy in the minds of American voters come November?CrossTalk: It is a truism American voters are far more interested in domestic issues during a presidential election. And this suits the foreign policy establishment just fine. Since the Cold War there has been a narrowing of foreign policy debate. Does this explain why Washington blunders from one fiasco to another?CrossTalking with 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen, along with UCSF s Stephen Zunes, and DC policy expert Daniel Faraci. Watch: ",0
22556,MSNBC Admits Plan to Suppress Bernie Sanders Voters in California,"21st Century Wire says What is wrong with Chris Matthews?In the following clip from RT America s Redacted Tonight, host Lee Camp looks at a stunning revelation from MSNBC s Chris Matthews, who once famously said he had a strange feeling up his leg while watching Obama talk; a feeling that he described as an  objective assessment .Matthews flat out states that there is a plan in place at MSNBC to announce Hillary as the clear winner, hours before anything is officially declared, to make people think they will be wasting their time by going out to vote for Bernie.This is a stunning example of the dirty tricks that the mainstream media will play to further their preferred establishment candidate s position in the race: EVERYTHING ON ELECTION 2016: 21st Century Wire Election Files",0
22557,White House on Lockdown After ‘Suspicious Package’ – 1 Person Detained," (Photo: Patrick Henningsen 2016)News LineThe White House was placed on lockdown when a suspicious package was thrown over a fence onto the North Lawn a few minutes after Barack Obama had arrived, officials reported.The unidentified perpetrator, reportedly a woman, was immediately taken into custody, and the container is currently being checked by security. Fire trucks and hazardous materials response units were dispatched to the area.The incident comes just a week after an alert was raised when party balloons flew over the White House and landed on the roof of the press office and Eisenhower Executive Office Building.READ MORE WHITE HOUSE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire White House Files",0
22558,Show #137 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Eyes on the Matrix’ with ACR’s Hesher and Shawn Helton,"Episode #137 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this Sunday May 29, 2016 as host Patrick Henningsen broadcasts 3 HOURS of LIVE power-packed talk radio on ACR LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:SUNDAYS   5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12pm PT (US)This week s edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is broadcasting LIVE from the US as this week s guest hosts Shawn Helton and Hesher McHeshington team-up to achieve escape velocity from the matrix as they fill in for Patrick Henningsen who is on the road. In the first hour, Hesher and Helton cover some of the top news stories throughout the world. Later in the program, we connect with Basil Valentine for global commentary.Strap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world  *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Direct Download of Our Most Recent Show// <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt;Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives   ",0
22559,‘Bernie Sanders is on a Mission’,"21st Century Wire says But he can he accomplish his objective?In the following episode of CrossTalk, a panel gets into a very heated discussion on that very question.Sanders is the only candidate who has a chance of beating Trump, as Hillary is now consistently losing to him in head-to-head polls.Watch the full episode here: EVERYTHING ON ELECTION 2016: 21st Century Wire Election Files",0
22560,"BOILER ROOM – EP #58 – Lord of the Pedo Rings, Political Correct Hellhole & Political Puppetry","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, Randy J of 21Wire, Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Branko Malic of Kali Tribune and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East. Tonight the Boiler Gang discusses Hollywood pedophile protection rings, the pitfalls of Political Correctness, the nominalist cookbook, the law of the land, the death of language, the absurdity of  self-identifying  in the  anything goes  wold, the status of the US Presidential Race, Obama s final PR trip to Central Asia and the Middle East, Jay Dyer on Theistic Evolution, Darwinism and Sciencism.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! Reference Links:",0
22561,Peace Prize President Obama Approved $200 Billion in Arms Deals Since 2009,"21st Century Wire says The military industrial complex has been a huge winner under Obama.Watch a video of this report here:The US is in control of over half of the world s arms industry, with Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Australia, Iraq, and Israel as its five biggest customers.The second largest arms exporter is Russia, but they only hold a 14% share of the global market.The industry has benefitted immensely from the administration of Nobel Peace Prize Winner Obama, as around $200 billion worth of deals have been signed during his tenure in the Whitehouse.The deals have sent Apache attack helicopters to Qatar, cluster munitions and bunker busters to Saudi Arabia, and Hellfire Missiles to countries all over the world.The Obama administration succumbed to a $170 million lobbying campaign by the arms industry to relax arms export controls in 2013, and is now looking to relax restrictions on exports to Vietnam and even Libya.Yes, the same Libya that the US, along with its NATO allies, turned into a failed state just a few short years ago.An arms industry executive, speaking to Reuters, even openly admits that the rise of ISIS has been great for business: Everyone in the region is talking about building up supplies for five to ten years. This is going to be a long fight. It s a huge growth area for us. We might, perhaps, understand this as a legitimate phenomenon, if it was not for the fact that it was the US who created and supported the terrorist group, initially under the guise of  moderate rebels , throughout Syria.This is just more proof that the military industrial complex is the only winner to emerge from increased global conflict.How might foreign policy decisions be different if they were not influenced by the arms industry?THE RISE OF THE ARMS INDUSTRY: 21st Century Wire Military Industrial Complex Files",0
22562,SUNDAY SCREENING: CIA Secret Experiments (2008),"21st Century Wire says Every Sunday, our editorial team curates another documentary film for 21WIRE readers.This week: Although this is a mainstream and at times, a somewhat sensational depiction of CIA history, the film contains some extremely interesting information and insights regarding the US Central Intelligence Agency s covert program targeting members of the general public which employed the use of Class A and hallucinogenic narcotics in order to develop an array applied behavior science applications to be used in the manipulation of people and the extraction of information under duress. The film also introduces the prospect of RFK assassin, Sirhan Sirhan as a  Manchurian candidate.  These classified drug-based programs were developed during the height of the Cold War, and who knows how many other similar programs there were, and which one are still running today. Watch: SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERE",0
22563,Snowden Laughs-off CIA Excuse of ‘Mistakenly Destroying’ Secret Torture Report,"21st Century Wire says This week s announcement by the CIA that they somehow  lost  the infamous torture report has failed to impress its critics who are all but certain that the agency has destroyed, or hidden the report in order to protect all who are involved in the illegal and ultimately useless practice of torturing alleged  terrorist  suspects in order to obtain made-up information.I worked @CIA. I wrote the Emergency Destruction Plan for Geneva. When CIA destroys something, it's never a mistake. https://t.co/S1VULfE4NY  Edward Snowden (@Snowden) May 18, 2016RTThe comprehensive Senate torture report could be what was needed to really drive the point home about America s use of torture and its true effectiveness. Word of the document being destroyed emerged despite Justice Department lawyers earlier assuring a federal court there were several copies in existence.The report was said to have been destroyed by the CIA inspector general s office in an  inadvertent  fashion. What was extremely peculiar was the fact that last summer the officials had uploaded a copy onto a computer, then accidentally deleted that. As if that wasn t enough, they have now accidentally destroyed the disk which contained the copy of the report. I worked @CIA. I wrote the Emergency Destruction Plan for Geneva,  Snowden told his millions of global supporters over Twitter.  When the CIA destroys something, it s never a mistake. Continue this story at RTREAD MORE SNOWDEN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Snowden Files",0
22564,Latest Poll: Bernie Sanders is The ONLY Candidate Who Beats Trump,"21st Century Wire says It is not looking good for Clinton.Watch a video of this report here: Trump now sits at 45%, with Clinton at 42%.This shows Trump is only widening his lead over Clinton, as held just a 2% lead a few weeks ago.However, the more interesting statistic that the poll reveals is that Bernie Sanders is the only candidate in the entire presidential race that actually can beat Trump.Sanders leads Trump by 4%, meaning for a slightly more convincing victory than Donald could pull over on Hillary.Bernie would come in at 46%, and Trump would trail at 42%.With the anti-Trump campaign proving to be an absolutely futile effort, it appears that those with a deep-seated hatred for Donald could have had a far greater chance of beating him by putting their efforts into supporting Sanders earlier on, instead of just trashing Trump.Will those who have completely wasted their time in the anti-Trump campaign finally recognise where their efforts should be placed if they are actually serious about stopping Trump?GET THE FULL STORY ON THE 2016 ELECTION: 21st Century Wire Election Files",0
22565,BOILER ROOM – EP #57 – Revenge of the Social Rejects,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, Randy J of 21Wire, Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East. Tonight the Boiler Gang discusses psychological operations in the media,  HIV/AIDS deniers,  potentially staged gender politics, some out there B-movies with regards to esoteric symbolism, the metaphor of Reptiles as they relate to psychopathy in the  elite establishment,  and some good comedic relief. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! REFERENCE LINKS:",0
22566,"Hillary Clinton is ‘Most Corrupt, Militaristic Candidate We Have Seen in Decades’","21st Century Wire says The writing is on the wall.In the following episode of CrossTalk, three experts discuss the possibility of Hillary Clinton winning the hearts and mind of Americans.One speaker brands Clinton as  the most corrupt, militaristic candidate we have seen in decades .With polls showing Trump can beat Hillary in the general election, it is possible that Hillary needs a huge positive PR push to get the victory. GET THE FULL STORY ON THE 2016 ELECTION: 21st Century Wire Election Files",0
22567,2016 Election: The Political Elite Establishment vs. Social Justice?,"21st Century Wire says Is this year s US election a story of the political elite establishment going to war with social justice?In the following episode of CrossTalk, three experts discuss how social justice is a rising force in American election politics.With the rise of both Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump, a movement is definitely emerging that is calling for a radical change to how things are currently being done.Do you think that this election cycle will bring about the real change that people are so obviously desperate for, or will the political establishment find a way to crawl back into power?Watch the episode here:   . GET THE FULL STORY ON THE ELECTION: 21st Century Wire 2016 Election Files",0
22568,BOILER ROOM – EP #56 – Pharmacological Nightmare,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East. Tonight the Boiler Gang brings some rants and raves about the medical industry and their assault on the minds of all members of western society, the pitfalls of western education (AKA indoctrination) and the poisoning of our food supply, water supply, air, ground and mental wellbeing. There s also a touchy conversation regarding  Privilege  be it racial, intellectual, locational, sexual and how they are all a smokescreen for identity politics. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! REFERENCE LINKS:",0
22569,U.S. struggles to convince Iraqis that Washington doesn’t support ISIS,"They took out Saddam in two weeks, but they can t finish IS in two years?  asked Falih, another Iraqi who asked that his last name not be used out of security concerns.  It just doesn t make sense. 21st Century Wire says This latest report serves as a reminder of just how thin the US-led international game of supporting extremist militants has become.The most comical part of this story is how US military court scribes at the Associated Press are still in denial that Iraqis are harboring ill will against the US for suffocating (via crippling sanctions), bombing and destroying, looting and occupying their country over the last 25 years.Aside from numerous reports showing US weapons and equipment being dropped  by accident  and then used by ISIS, it s undeniable by now that the US have been the primary driver in fueling the rise and growth of this militant fighting group over the last 7 years.Associated Press writers are very careful to frame this narrative and advance the establishment s favorite meme that the debacle of Iraq was down to US  government incompetence , rather than inherent malice   even though history clearly demonstrates that malice has been omnipresent in US foreign policy for at least the last 70 years.SEE ALSO: 50 Years of Targeted  Kill Lists  by US Government Why can t they (the Iraqis) appreciate what we ve done for them?  Seriously  Sinan Salaheddin and Susannah George AP/Military.comBAGHDAD   For nearly two years, U.S. airstrikes, military advisers and weapons shipments have helped Iraqi forces roll back the Islamic State group.The U.S.-led coalition has carried out more than 5,000 airstrikes against ISIS targets in Iraq at a total cost of $7 billion since August 2014, including operations in Syria. On Tuesday a U.S. Navy SEAL was the third serviceman to die fighting ISIS in Iraq.But many Iraqis still aren t convinced the Americans are on their side.Government-allied Shiite militiamen on the front-lines post videos of U.S. supplies purportedly seized from ISIS militants or found in areas liberated from the extremist group. Newspapers and TV networks repeat conspiracy theories that the U.S. created the jihadi group to sow chaos in the region in order to seize its oil.Skepticism about U.S. motives is deeply rooted in Iraq, where many still blame the chaos after the 2003 invasion that toppled Saddam Hussein on American malice rather than incompetence Read more at Military.comREAD MORE ISIS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ISIS Files",0
22570,EXPOSED: Facebook Blacklists Conservative News & Falsified ‘Black Lives Matter’ Trend,"21st Century Wire says Censorship is running rampant on the world s largest social media website.Watch a video of this report here:. Former Facebook workers have come out with shocking revelations that the social media giant is actively censoring conservative news topics and reports, while also falsifying its list of  trending  topics.The source says that workers routinely prevented stories about the right-wing CPAC gathering, Mitt Romney, Rand Paul, and other conservative topics from appearing in the highly-influential section, despite the fact that they were organically trending on the site.The workers were known as  news curators , and even actively  injected  news stories and reports into the trending list even when they were not organically popular enough to be included.Facebook claims that the site s news trends section  shows you topics that have recently become popular on Facebook , but these revelations mean that the section actually just reflects the personal biases of its owners and the institutional concerns of the corporation.The anonymous source said: Depending on who was on shift, things would be blacklisted or trending, I believe it had a chilling effect on conservative news, I d come on shift and I d discover that CPAC or Mitt Romney or Glenn Beck or popular conservative topics wouldn t be trending because either the curator didn t recognize the news topic or it was like they had a bias against Ted Cruz. The source kept an active log of the omissions, which included former IRS official Lois Lerner, who was accused by Republicans of inappropriately scrutinizing conservative groups; Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker; popular conservative news aggregator the Drudge Report; Chris Kyle, the former Navy SEAL who was murdered in 2013; and former Fox News contributor Steven Crowder.Yet, while omissions are worrying, the scariest aspect of this story is how Facebook actively injects falsified trends into the news feeds of its one billion users. The corporation can fraudulently set not only a national, but international, conversation on a topic of its choosing and also skew its bias toward which ever way its owners lean.The source continued: Facebook got a lot of pressure about not having a trending topic for Black Lives Matter. They realized it was a problem, and they boosted it in the ordering. They gave it preference over other topics. When we injected it, everyone started saying,  Yeah, now I m seeing it as number one . The Black Lives Matter movement is widely credited as having originated from social media, but this suggests that its true origins lie elsewhere in the hands of very small group of elite  news curators  seeking to implement their own personal agenda in American politics.Facebook s response to these damning revelations is most definitely lacking: We take allegations of bias very seriously. Facebook is a platform for people and perspectives from across the political spectrum. Trending Topics shows you the popular topics and hashtags that are being talked about on Facebook. There are rigorous guidelines in place for the review team to ensure consistency and neutrality. These guidelines do not permit the suppression of political perspectives. Nor do they permit the prioritization of one viewpoint over another or one news outlet over another. These guidelines do not prohibit any news outlet from appearing in Trending Topics. READ MORE ON FACEBOOK S SCHEMING: 21st Century Wire Facebook Files",0
22571,Unacknowledged Secret Access Projects: The Black Budget & Military Industrial Complex," 21st Century WireAre black budget projects illegally swallowing up your taxes?The military industrial complex has eaten up billions, if not trillions, of dollars from the American tax payer, and much of that has happened on a black budget that is entirely unacknowledged.The military industrial complex is one of the few industries in the world that actually profits from the misery of others, and is involved in numerous questionable projects like creating military cyborgs.In the following video, Dr. Steven Greer explains the significance of unacknowledged secret access projects and the consequences of their illegality: ",0
22572,"Saudi Prince Lectures America On Democracy, Calling For ‘NEVER TRUMP’","21st Century Wire says Well, isn t this interesting. Saudi Arabian princes are giving lessons in democracy?Incredible. The headline reads:  Saudi Prince Begs America to Reject Trump. In summary: here we have a hereditary monarch, from a Wahabi theocratic dictatorship now lecturing Americans on who they should vote for in their elections.  During his recent dinner speech at the Washington Institute For Near East Policy at the Mandarin Oriental hotel, Prince Turki- al-Faisal (photo, below), a graduate of Georgetown University, made his passionate plea to the American electorate not to elect Donald J. Trump as president.NOTE: The word  election  is a treasonous concept in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and if you are ever caught asking for it   you will not only be jailed, but will likely face capital punishment. The Mail Online reported:A Saudi prince has urged Americans not to vote for Donald Trump in the upcoming general election. Turki al-Faisal, who served as Saudia Arabia s ambassador to the US from 2005 to 2007, spoke against the presumptive Republican nominee during a foreign policy dinner in Washington, DC on Thursday.He blasted Trump s proposal to ban Muslims from entering the US, which the billionaire first formulated in December last year before renewing his vow on Wednesday. For the life of me, I cannot believe that a country like the United States can afford to have someone as president who simply says,  These people are not going to be allowed to come to the United States,  Turki said according to the Huffington Post.Prince Turki currently serves as the chairman of the Saudi Arabian-funded Washington DC-based think tank,  King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies.  Interestingly, the Saudi Prince was sharing his Washington DC event stage with none other than Israeli general Yaakov Amidror, the former national security advisor to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Amidror presided over a number of violent operations against the native Palestinian population, including the slaughter of over 500 civilians in Gaza in 2012Whether or not one likes (or loathes) the presumptive Republican Party presidential nominee, it s important to consider the Prince s comments in perspective So who is a greater threat to peace and stability in the Middle East and Central Asia, and elsewhere   Donald Trump or the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia? Let s quickly examine some of Saudi Arabia s  progressive  and democratic credentials.Oil-based MonarchyThe current ruling family in Saudi Arabia, the House of Saud, was installed into power by the British in the early 20th century. Since the development of Saudi Arabia s oil fields, mainly by US and UK firms, tribal elites have had the luxury of having  money on tap , amounting to many trillions of dollars in continuous energy revenue, with almost all of the wealth channeled into the hands of hereditary and royal elites. Saudi s repression of democracy is not limited to its own borders, however. When a true  Arab Spring  event broke out in neighboring Bahrain in 2011, Saudi Arabia deployed its army to put down any popular uprising, and still patrols those streets today.More recently, their vast oil fortunes have been channeled into building-up a militarized state, and recently, with the backing of the US and PR cover by the UN, have openly waged war on its neighbor, Yemen.Regressive SocietyEven in the 21st century, Saudi Arabia still manages to win the near submissive support of the US and the UK, despite the fact that it is running an openly regressive, medieval theocratic autocracy, where hundreds of its citizens are executed in the street, many via beheading. Last year, in 2015, was a record year for beheadings under the newly crowned King Salman. PATRONAGE: President Obama paying tribute to the new King Salman of Saudi Arabia.No Religious FreedomThe Kingdom is also actively repressing its own native Shi ite population, as well as others who are not born into the right royaly-favored religion or tribe.  Practicing Christianity is also forbidden in the Kingdom and any attempted conversion from Islam is punishable by death.Genocidal Military StateFor the last 14 months, and with the assistance of the US, Saudi Arabia and its GCC allies have been waging an illegal and highly brutal military war of aggression against its neighbor Yemen   killing tens of thousands of Yemeni civilians and displacing millions more.World s Premier Supporter of Islamic Extremism and TerrorismHistorically, it is now accepted as fact that Saudi Arabia the world s leading financial supporter of Islamic extremist terrorism in the Middle East and beyond. This has been the case for many decades starting from the Kingdom s central role, together with the CIA and others, in supporting Mujadhedin militants and al Qaeda in Afghanistan from the late 1970 s and all the way through to their involvement in 9/11. This trend continues today, with Saudi, along with its tribal monarch cousin, Qatar, as the primary source of funding and support for terrorist fighting groups like Jabhat Al Nusra (al Qaeda in Syria) and also Islamic State (ISIS), as well as a direct financier of radical Mosques all over the world.Saudi Nuclear Weapon PlansIn the same interview this week, Prince Turki also dropped  another bomb , so to speak, by announcing Saudi Arabia s somewhat disturbing ambitions to acquire nuclear weapons:Saudi Arabia has accepted the Iran nuclear deal, which lasts 10-15 years, Prince Turki said. But what happens after that is  open to question. That s why I ve always maintained that we   must consider all options, including the acquisition of nuclear weapons,  the prince added   though he emphasized his preference for a nuclear weapons-free zone in the region.So who is the real threat in the region and beyond? One thing should be certain by now   it s not Iran, or Donald Trump.READ MORE SAUDI NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Saudi Arabia Files",0
22573,SHOUT! POLL: Who Do You Trust with Foreign Policy?,"21st Century Wire asks HAVE YOUR SHOUT: We ask our readers who they trust with foreign policy, Hillary or Trump?Vote, comment and share below ",0
22574,Henningsen on White House Press Dinner: ‘The Fourth Estate is Nonexistent in America’,21st Century Wire says  B ACTING: President Obama and former House Speaker John Boehner getting their kicks making Saturday Night Live videos on taxpayer time.Host Patrick Henningsen opens Episode #133 of the SUNDAY WIRE with a skewering rant about last weekend s annual White House Correspondents  Dinner and takes a hard look at the decaying state of America s near non-existent  Fourth Estate  which has devolved into  Team America  media.This is your brave new world [soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/262463038  params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /] . LISTEN TO THE SUNDAY WIRE LIVE & VIA THE ARCHIVE HERE,0
22575,"EPIC FAIL: Anti-Trump Movement Spent $75 MILLION on 64,000 Ads","21st Century Wire says The system is running out of options it can use to stop Trump.Watch a video of this report here:CNN is reporting that the anti-Trump movement has spent an estimated $75,723,580 on 64,000 negative television advertisements. Furthermore, that figure only accounts for broadcast television, not cable or satellite.About one out of every four dollars against Trump came from Conservative Solutions PAC, a group supporting Marco Rubio s candidacy.Two groups supporting Cruz wasted nearly $16 million in their effort, while his campaign spent $4.3 million.One group supporting Jeb Bush spent $10 million against Trump.Hillary Clinton s campaign has already spent $5.2 million specifically going after Trump.Yet, despite all of these huge sums of money being spent to try and disparage Trump s run for the presidency   they have all failed.Donald Trump is the only candidate still standing on the GOP ticket, and a new poll suggests Trump can indeed beat establishment-darling Hillary Clinton.Most shocking for the establishment, perhaps, is that Trump himself only spent $19 million on campaign advertising   around a quarter of what was spent against him.What is the system going to try next to further its campaign to stop Trump?GET THE FULL STORY ON THE 2016 ELECTION: 21st Century Wire Election Files",0
22576,‘To Stop Clinton’: The TOP Reason Americans Will Vote for Trump,"21st Century Wire says A greater percentage of people are willing to vote to stop Hillary than Trump.Watch a video of this report here:Reuters has released a shocking poll along with an accurate description saying that,  the U.S. presidential election may turn out to be one of the world s biggest un-popularity contests .Almost half of all supporters of both Trump and Hillary will be voting mainly to try and block the other side from winning.While Trump is lacking slightly in the popularity contest, he boasts greater support for his political positions among voters and 1% more voters willing to try and block the other candidate.Larry Sabato, director of the University of Virginia s Center for Politics says: This phenomenon is called negative partisanship,   If we were trying to maximize the effect, we couldn t have found better nominees than Trump and Clinton. With the on-going drama concerning Hillary Clinton s allegedly illegal use of a personal email server for transferring sensitive material, it is possible that the number of people willing to vote just to stop her will continue to grow.GET THE FULL STORY ON THE 2016 ELECTION: 21st Century Wire Election Files",0
22577,Donald Trump & Hillary Clinton: Defensive Realist vs. War Hawk?,"21st Century Wire says How will Trump and Hillary s foreign policy differ if they are President of the United States?In the following episode of CrossTalk experts debate how we might interpret the foreign policy direction that a Clinton or Trump administration might take.Trump s foreign policy speech reads like that of a defensive realist, while Hillary has a history of promoting war and aggression.With a new poll saying Trump can beat Hillary, and the other GOP candidates dropping out, we may be more likely to see President Trump than Hillary. Watch the episode here: GET THE FULL STORY ON THE 2016 ELECTION: 21st Century Wire Election Files",0
22578,BOILER ROOM – EP #55 – Roasting the Wretched Hive of Scum and Villainy,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East and Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis. Tonight the Boiler Gang brings the internet show with a bubbling cauldron of media, politics, comedy and the bones of baby dolls. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY!  REFERENCE LINKS:",0
22579,"Cruz & Kasich Quit: Trump Crushes Elite Establishment, #DropOutHillary Now Trending","21st Century Wire says The field is now clear for Trump to become the GOP presidential nominee.Watch a video of this report here:Ted Cruz and John Kasich have both now bowed out of the presidential race, leaving Donald Trump as the last Republican candidate standing.The two failing candidates made their decision after Trump swept to victory in Indiana last night.Dr. Inderjeet Parmar, Head of the Department of International Politics at City University London, says that,  it has exposed a deeply divided Republican party whose leadership has lost all credibility and whose conservative philosophy, which it has held dear since 1980, is in tatters. It is, indeed, the elite leadership of both political parties that appears to have provoked this realignment in US politics towards outsiders and those not embroiled in what many see as a corrupt and broken system.Bernie Sanders, the Democratic outsider, also shocked the world with a victory over Hillary Clinton last night.Just two weeks ago Cruz and Kasich were publicising that they had made a deal to stop Trump, yet even their combined efforts were useless.Yesterday, a Rasmussen poll emerged showing that Donald Trump can indeed beat Hillary Clinton at the general election, and that scenario is looking ever more likely with the political establishment in such dramatic retreat.It is possible that Bernie voters will not support Hillary in the general election, and in many ways their anti-establishment position gels much better with the politics of Trump than it does with Wall Street insider Clinton.Immediately after Kasich s announcement today, #DropOutHillary began trending on Twitter. At the time of writing it is the number two trending hashtag in the US with 102,000 tweets.With such an immediate response taking aim at another establishment figure, the chances of Trump, or perhaps even Sanders, taking the presidency seem higher than ever.GET THE FULL STORY ON THE ELECTION: 21st Century Wire 2016 Election Files",0
22580,False Flag Florida: FBI Agents ‘Posing As Terrorists’ in Miami Sting Operation,"21st Century Wire says The FBI is walking a very fine line that crosses into the unacceptable.Watch a video of this report here:The FBI has apparently arrested a man planning an attack on a Miami-area synagogue with an explosive device.The suspect had allegedly planned to attack the Aventura Turnberry Jewish Center on Friday evening.The plot, which is about as simple as they come, involved throwing an explosive device over a wall and into the synagogue grounds during Friday night services, as congregants would have been marking the start of Shabbat and the final day of Passover.Most importantly, the synagogue was never actually in any real danger.This is because, the man  was stopped by FBI agents posing as fellow terrorists who set up a sting operation. The bomb, apparently a dummy, was  sold to him in Hallandale Beach by an FBI undercover operative just before the planned terror attack .What this means, is that the suspect James Medina, may have never had the material means to carry out any attack with an explosive device unless it had been provided by the FBI.So why is anybody praising the FBI for stopping a terror attack when they are the very group that facilitated its implementation in the first place?The synagogue s Facebook page issued a statement saying the FBI had even told them that,  there are no credible threats directed against us at the present time. No credible threats  means that the only threat was a fictitious false flag created by the FBI.Democratic Party National Committee head and Congresswoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz, apparently unaware of the finer details, said she was,  deeply grateful that the FBI arrested this individual before he was allegedly able to do harm to the Aventura Turnberry Jewish Center .Where do we draw the line between  posing as a terrorist , and actually being a terrorist?How can the FBI be allowed to facilitate such incidents and then claim credit, both financially and politically, for stopping them?ALL THE FALSE FLAG INFO YOU NEED: 21st Century Wire False Flag Files",0
22581,Shock to The System: New Poll Says Trump CAN Beat Hillary,"21st Century Wire says This is the news that the elite political establishment did not want to hear.Watch a video of this report here:A new poll by Rasmussen Reports has Donald Trump beating Hillary Clinton by two points in a head-to-head matchup.Trump comes in at 41% with Clinton trailing behind with 39%.15% of respondents would prefer some other candidate, while 5% were undecided.Last week, Rasmussen ran the same poll and the candidates were evenly split with 38% each.Other polls have suggested that Trump has no chance of beating Hillary, but this latest development certainly brings those conclusions into question.The elite political establishment class is definitely going to be worried by this news, and the ridiculous attacks levelled against Trump may be about to reach new heights.Most worrying for those elites is the thought of America getting along with other countries, something that Trump has explicitly stated he wants to do as president.This means an end to foreign adventurism that has made the military industrial complex such a force to be reckoned with in modern America.Trump has even said that he wants to promote stability around the world and not change, implicitly suggesting that supporting foreign terrorist groups to overthrow nations is the wrong move.This new poll means that this drastic change to American foreign policy direction is one step closer to becoming reality, and with Trump himself promising to crush  Crooked Hillary Clinton  in the debates   this could be just the start of things to come.GET THE FULL STORY ON THE ELECTION: 21st Century Wire 2016 Election Files",0
22582,BOILER ROOM – EP #53 – Say Bye Bye to Culture,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Patrick Henningsen of 21Wire, Sunday Wire regular, Basil Valentine, Mike Robinson of UK Column and Branko Mali from Kali Tribune.  Tonight the Boiler Gang brings the internet show with more more left hooks, right jabs and ear biting than a 90 s Tyson prize fight.  We ll be discussing the Panama Papers, the utter nonsense of  Poverty Pimp  Bob Geldof charging upwards of $100,000 to speak about ending poverty, Rand Paul introducing a bill that would limit the sale of arms to the Saudi Government in the wake of their atrocities in Yemen, destruction of culture by design, the potential rise of an European Union military force, Basil takes the Pope to task for his ridiculous publicity stunt in which he picked 12  migrants  to come on the Pope-jet back to Vatican City and Branko Mali  schools us on Orwellian terms and what they actually mean in using Pre-Dystopic English. Listen in as we discuss a plethora of media and current events in a VERY un-PC fashion . If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! REFERENCE LINKS:",0
22583,BREAKING BAD: John McCain’s Campaign Rocked by Meth Lab Scandal,"21st Century Wire asks Will this be the beginning of the end for John McCain s re-election campaign?  BUSTED     The police raid in Phoenix that targeted a McCain fundraiser. (Photo link scoopnest)Earlier the week, US Senator John McCain s campaign fundraiser Emily Pitha was arrested at her Phoenix residence by Maricopa County sheriff s deputies after an operational meth lab was discovered on the premises by authorities.Pitha, an independent consultant at the political organization LovasCo Consulting Group has been involved in Arizona political fundraising for nearly 3 years according to her Linkedin profile.The LovasCo Consulting Group is operated by Corinne Lovas, wife of Arizona Representative Phil Lovas. McCain s re-election campaign parted ties with Pitha after her arrest but said it will continue to work with LovasCo.  FUNDRAISER TO FELON?   Emily Pitha, McCain s campaign fundraiser seen here in an image from LinkedIn. (Photo link phoenixnewtimes)Dirty MoneyPitha, 34, along with her boyfriend, Christopher Hustrulid, 36, face a host of felony drug charges after authorities were tipped off by package that arrived at her residence from the Netherlands containing 250 grams of MDMA.The Phoenix New Times recently reported that the couple s Phoenix home turned up a large quantity of contraband and evidence of drug dealing.  The New Times also stated in an ironic twist that The top Republican fundraising company that employed drug-bust suspect Emily Pitha also raised money for Arizonans for Responsible Drug Policy, an anti-marijuana-legalization group. Prior to Pitha serving as a constituent service representative for former Senator Jon Kyl, Senator Jeff Flake, she recently worked as a logistics manager for former Ambassador Barbara Barrett in 2013, according to her LinkedIn profile.Barrett is chairman of the Aerospace Corporation and served as the US Ambassador to Finland from 2008-2009. Aerospace has direct ties to the Senate Armed Services Committee with some of its former board members serving as counsel for the CIA, Department of Defense and Department of State. US Senator John McCain curently serves as Chairman for the Senate Armed Services Committee.  BREAKING BAD   Emily Pitha with boyfriend Christopher Hustrulid arrested after being implicated in multiple drug related charges. (Photo link phoenixnewtimes)Political PlagueOver the past few years, 21WIRE has outlined a virtual wrap sheet of items that have led to McCain s fall from grace on the political scene. Most notably, in May of 2013, Senator McCain illegally entered into northern Syria to meet with known members of terrorist factions while claiming that they were  moderate rebels  not connected to extremist fighting groups.Following this trip, the false chemical weapons allegations implicating Syria s Assad soon appeared on the scene just months after McCain s planned visit.McCain later met with NeoNazi fascist leaders in Kiev, a few short months before Maidan Square melted down and the West s regime change took shape in the Ukraine.In the face of all this, McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee continues to be  hawkish  on Syria and calling for more than the 250 troops recently deployed to Syria.Will authorities account for all of the funds raised by Pitha and look at how they were appropriated?McCain s political career has been plagued by a series of blunders and scandals   one wonders if his campaign will be derailed by the charges against his former fundraiser or will this inconvenient truth get swept under the rug?Read more from Sputnik below   SCANDAL    US Senator John McCain (Photo link beforeitsnews.com)SputnikIs the beleaguered US Senator s reelection bid taking a page from the hit series Breaking Bad in a desperate attempt to appeal to young voters? On Tuesday, 34-year-old Emily Pitha was arrested for narcotics distribution and manufacturing when Maricopa County sheriff s deputies found an active meth lab and illicit drugs during a search of her north-central Phoenix home.Pitha, a former staffer for retired Arizona Republican US Senator Jon Kyl, was serving as the chief fundraiser for Arizona Republican Senator John McCain s 2016 reelection bid at the time of her arrest. The McCain campaign immediately released a statement saying Pitha was  immediately terminated upon our learning of her alleged involvement in narcotics distribution The sheriff s office spokesperson said that they were alerted to criminal activity at the residence after a package was identified in transit from the Netherlands carrying over 250 grams of MDMA, street name ecstasy, a popular and illegal psychoactive drug. Pitha s boyfriend, 36-year-old Christopher Hustrulid, signed for the package when it was delivered Tuesday afternoon, right before a search warrant was served.Detective Doug Matteson said that the two children, ages 5 and 10,  had easy access to all of (the) drugs and materials, even the bomb-making materials that were located in the back with the meth lab.  Methamphetamine production involves volatile elements also used in manufacturing explosives.The news comes as McCain finds himself in the most competitive reelection campaign of his career. In the Republican Primary, the embattled US Senator faces an insurgent challenge from Tea Party Republican state senator Kelli Ward who has successfully tapped into the anti-establishment narrative of the 2016 election cycle.Continue this story at Sputnik READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22584,BOILER ROOM – EP #54 – America… The End is Nigh,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East and Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis. Tonight the Boiler Gang brings the internet show with more twists and turns than a Texas tornado. Spore opens the episode with shocking truths about the treatment of show dolphins and how they are manipulated, the use of Dolphins in MK Ultra backed military programs, we begrudgingly approach the  bathroom topic.  We pose the question: Can America or any other atlanticist country break free of the globalism goals of the New World Order and can it even be done at a national level when the financial system is already internationally globalized by technocrat oligarchs? We laugh at John Kirby dragging his reputation through the muck while blatantly engaging in Orwellian double speak to the press corp, the death of Pop/Rock Icon, Prince leads to a new radio show idea live on air, Trump gets some choice words in with regard to US failed foreign policy in the Middle East and the unfortunate DEATH of Comedy as PC becomes the way of the youth. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! REFERENCE LINKS:",0
22585,"Trump’s Foreign Policy: Promote Stability NOT Change, Stop Helping Terrorists","21st Century Wire says We are sure that the military industrial complex is not at all happy about the prospect of using diplomacy before cruise missiles.In Donald Trump s foreign policy speech today he made numerous points that would lead us to believe that his stance on this area of policy will be radically different to what has become the norm.Aside from the usual campaign rhetoric of ensuring America has the strongest military on the planet, Trump made numerous points clearly stating that the military option will not be his first option.Trump specifically spoke of being very careful as to whom the US assists, particularly in the Middle East, and to only help those who are true allies, which is a clear stab at recent policies to arm and support terrorist groups to overthrow nations like Libya and Syria.He also explicitly stated that the US needs to  stop seeking radical change in the world , and instead look to promote stability through diplomacy saying: Our goal is peace and prosperity, not war and destruction. The presidential hopeful is also looking to drastically cool off the rising tensions with Russia. He called out so-called foreign policy experts for ruining the situation, and said: Easing of tensions and improved relations with Russia is absolutely possible. It would be easy to dismiss all of these statements as nothing but campaign rhetoric, but Trump appears to be positioning himself as the master dealmaker. He has nothing to gain from being a warmonger, as he is not tied to the military industrial complex interests like establishment candidates, so there is no real reason to doubt this anti-interventionist stance.Watch Donald Trump s full foreign policy speech here: ",0
22586,Grasping At Straws (The Illusion of Choice)," Art by Dan Lacey via Etsy (See his work here)Zen GardnerIt s pitiful to watch the US election gyrations in the midst of this calculated societal breakdown. Americans have historically had such guts and strength, while albeit pitiful little is left, as they direct their vestigial frustration in such futile directions in the throes of their certain demise.So many have attached their grievances and hence hopes for change to this new set of puppet false promises it s absolutely not just alarming, but seriously disturbing. The very nature of looking to others to change their circumstances, never mind via such obvious psychopathic, self-serving, self-appointed dupes and character actors, is just overwhelming.The fundamental full-frontal reality that they seem hypnotically destined to participate in such an obviously manipulated environment truly boggles the mind.The same can be said for the sleeping and compliant European population, but I don t think it s quite as vast as the American phenomenon we re witnessing   but it s getting closer. Either example, it s clearly a pathetic display of uninformed ignorance and subservient compliance on a massive, disheartening scale.When will people wake up to the obvious truth of what s transpiring around them and realize their innate power of personal manifestation and all it would entail?All 0f this is an ongoing and ever present challenge, but apparently part of the learning process we re undergoing here. It s No Easy TransitionGranted, such a complex interactive world seems to have no simple solution, but I contend it essentially does. When individuals wake up to their true power everything takes on new dimensions of reality. Not only does our active role become manifest, but the futility of reacting to the paradigm that s been laid out to be our assumed playing ground inherently reveals itself.And begins to lose its power and thus crumbles.Not an easy transition to make for the system-ingrained mindset. But it s happening. Why? Because the system itself is breaking down and showing its illusory nature, day by day, staged event by falsely reported announcement and propaganda piece. The so-called news is nothing but one shallow, misleading and disempowering non sequitur news story at a time.It s not an easy process to go through, waking up to the fact that we ve been literally bullshitted to death for so long. People understandably don t react well most of the time to this news. Some take it on and see the deep significance and sit back and learn to digest it and draw conscious conclusions. However, most try to bury this reality, or just get mad and even psychotic to some degree which leads to the mass hysteria we re witnessing today.In a way I can t blame them   yet I can. The voice of conscience is there for all. It appears continually. Whether we listen to and pursue its beckoning call is a choice, one heart signal at a time. It s not once and forever gone   it continually appears, giving opportunities right, left and center despite the misinformation and the dystopic psycho-chemical-electromagnetic and even nuclear storm we live in.The results are before our eyes of what people have currently chosen on the macro scale. Quite sad to behold in a mass spectrum knowing these are individuals making bad decisions, but then look at the shining examples of those who have taken up the torch for truth and consciousness!Therein lies the difference.Don t Circle the Drain with the Rest of ThemIt does no good, intrinsic or otherwise, to ride the mass wave of further willful ignorance and eventual destruction as if participating in some act of resonant compassion.As real as that subconscious impulse is it s crap, and full on programmed co-dependent fear-of-arising-as-an-authentic-self form of self disempowered thinking!Snap out of it. We are each majestic manifestations of Universe in co-creative action. This subject is way deep with extremely empowering and revelatory notions but one thing is certain. We are not who they say we are. We are not destined to be tooled about by others and forced to petition these entities for changes they have no intention of implementing  while giving us the illusion we can make any kind of difference in their paradigm.It s time for truly revolutionary change based on radically transcendent thinking and resultant realizations.And to have the guts to venture into the realms where we can manifest this true revolution for the sake of our planet and co-inhabitants.Are you up to it? Get there and be there.It s sure time.Take up the call.Love, ZenZenGardner.comFor more articles and interviews by Zen go to his Timeline.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22587,Hillary Clinton: Neocon War-Hawk in Waiting," Robert Parry Consortium NewsIf there were any doubts that Hillary Clinton favours a neo-conservative foreign policy, her performance at Thursday s debate should have laid them to rest. In every meaningful sense, she is a neocon and   if she becomes President   Americans should expect more global tensions and conflicts in pursuit of the neocons  signature goal of  regime change  in countries that get in their way.Beyond sharing this neocon  regime change  obsession, former Secretary of State Clinton also talks like a neocon. One of their trademark skills is to use propaganda or  perception management  to demonize their targets and to romanticize their allies, what is called  glueing white hats  on their side and  glueing black hats  on the other.So, in defending her role in the Libyan  regime change,  Clinton called the slain Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi  genocidal  though that is a gross exaggeration of Gaddafi s efforts to beat back Islamic militants in 2011. But her approach fits with what the neocons do. They realize that almost no one will dare challenge such a characterization because to do so opens you to accusations of being a  Gaddafi apologist. Similarly, before the Iraq War, the neocons knew that they could level pretty much any charge against Saddam Hussein no matter how false or absurd, knowing that it would go uncontested in mainstream political and media circles. No one wanted to be a  Saddam apologist. Clinton, like the neocons, also shows selective humanitarian outrage. For instance, she laments the suffering of Israelis under crude (almost never lethal) rocket fire from Gaza but shows next to no sympathy for Palestinians being slaughtered by sophisticated (highly lethal) Israeli missiles and bombs.She talks about the need for  safe zones  or  no-fly zones  for Syrians opposed to another demonized enemy, Syria s President Bashar al-Assad, but not for the people of Gaza who face the wrath of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Yes, I do still support a no-fly zone [in Syria] because I think we need to put in safe havens for those poor Syrians who are fleeing both Assad and ISIS and have some place that they can be safe,  Clinton said. But she showed no such empathy for Palestinians defenseless against Israel s mowing the grass  operations against men, women and children trapped in Gaza.In Clinton s (and the neocons ) worldview, the Israelis are the aggrieved victims and the Palestinians the heartless aggressors. Referring to the Gaza rocket fire, she said: I can tell you right now I have been there with Israeli officials going back more than 25 years that they do not seek this kind of attacks. They do not invite the rockets raining down on their towns and villages. They do not believe that there should be a constant incitement by Hamas aided and abetted by Iran against Israel.  So, I don t know how you run a country when you are under constant threat, terrorist attack, rockets coming at you. You have a right to defend yourself.  Gaza one year after Israel s Operation Protective Edge 2014Ignoring HistoryClinton ignored the history of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, which dates back to the 1940s when Israeli terrorist organizations engaged in massacres to drive Palestinians from their ancestral lands and murdered British officials who were responsible for governing the territory. Israeli encroachment on Palestinian lands has continued to the present day.But Clinton framed the conflict entirely along the propaganda lines of the Israeli government: Remember, Israel left Gaza. They took out all the Israelis. They turned the keys over to the Palestinian people. And what happened? Hamas took over Gaza. So instead of having a thriving economy with the kind of opportunities that the children of the Palestinians deserve, we have a terrorist haven that is getting more and more rockets shipped in from Iran and elsewhere. So, Clinton made clear   both at the debate and in her recent AIPAC speech   that she is fully in line with the neocon reverence for Israel and eager to take out any government or group that Israel puts on its enemies list. While waxing rhapsodic about the U.S.-Israeli relationship   promising to take it  to the next level Clinton vows to challenge Syria, Iran, Russia and other countries that have resisted or obstructed the neocon/Israeli  wish list  for  regime change. In response to Clinton s Israel-pandering, Sen. Bernie Sanders, who once worked on an Israeli kibbutz as a young man, did the unthinkable in American politics. He called out Clinton for her double standards on Israel-Palestine and suggested that Netanyahu may not be the greatest man on earth. You gave a major speech to AIPAC,  Sanders said,  and you barely mentioned the Palestinians.   All that I am saying is we cannot continue to be one-sided. There are two sides to the issue.   There comes a time when if we pursue justice and peace, we are going to have to say that Netanyahu is not right all of the time. But in Hillary Clinton s mind, the Israeli-Palestinian dispute is essentially one-sided. During her speech to the American Israel Public Affairs Committee last month, she depicted Israel as entirely an innocent victim in the Mideast conflicts. As we gather here, three evolving threats   Iran s continued aggression, a rising tide of extremism across a wide arc of instability, and the growing effort to de-legitimize Israel on the world stage   are converging to make the U.S.-Israel alliance more indispensable than ever,  she declared. The United States and Israel must be closer than ever, stronger than ever and more determined than ever to prevail against our common adversaries and to advance our shared values.   This is especially true at a time when Israel faces brutal terrorist stabbings, shootings and vehicle attacks at home. Parents worry about letting their children walk down the street. Families live in fear. Yet, Clinton made no reference to Palestinian parents who worry about their children walking down the street or playing on a beach and facing the possibility of sudden death from an Israeli drone or warplane. Instead, she scolded Palestinian adults.  Palestinian leaders need to stop inciting violence, stop celebrating terrorists as martyrs and stop paying rewards to their families,  she said.Then, Clinton promised to put her future administration at the service of the Israeli government. Clinton said: One of the first things I ll do in office is invite the Israeli prime minister to visit the White House. And I will send a delegation from the Pentagon and the Joint Chiefs to Israel for early consultations. Let s also expand our collaboration beyond security. Pleasing PhrasesIn selling her neocon policies to the American public, Clinton puts the military aspects in pleasing phrases, like  safe zones  and  no-fly zones.  Yet, what she means by that is that as President she will invade Syria and push  regime change,  following much the same course that she used to persuade a reluctant President Obama to invade Libya in 2011.The Libyan operation was sold as a  humanitarian  mission to protect innocent civilians though Gaddafi was targeting Islamic militants much as he claimed at the time and was not engaging in any mass slaughter of civilians. Clinton also knew that the European allies, such as France, had less than noble motives in wanting to take out Gaddafi.As Clinton confidant Sidney Blumenthal explained to her, the French were concerned that Gaddafi was working to develop a pan-African currency which would have given Francophone African countries greater freedom from their former colonial master and would undermine French economic dominance of those ex-colonies.In an April 2, 2011 email, Blumenthal informed Clinton that sources close to one of Gaddafi sons reported that Gaddafi s government had accumulated 143 tons of gold and a similar amount of silver that  was intended to be used to establish a pan-African currency  that would be an alternative to the French franc.Blumenthal added that  this was one of the factors that influenced President Nicolas Sarkozy s decision to commit France to the attack on Libya.  Sarkozy also wanted a greater share of Libya s oil production and to increase French influence in North Africa, Blumenthal wrote. Sarkozy and Gadaffi before they fell out. Photo Telegraph.But few Americans would rally to a war fought to keep North Africa under France s thumb. So, the winning approach was to demonize Gaddafi with salacious rumors about him giving Viagra to his troops so they could rape more, a ludicrous allegation that was raised by then-U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice, who also claimed that Gaddafi s snipers were intentionally shooting children.With Americans fed a steady diet of such crude propaganda, there was little serious debate about the wisdom of Clinton s Libyan  regime change.  Meanwhile, other emails show that Clinton s advisers were contemplating how to exploit Gaddafi s overthrow as the dramatic moment to declare a  Clinton Doctrine  built on using smart power. On Oct. 20, 2011, when U.S.-backed rebels captured Gaddafi, sodomized him with a knife and then murdered him, Secretary of State Clinton couldn t contain her glee. Paraphrasing a famous Julius Caesar quote, she declared about Gaddafi,  we came, we saw, he died. But this U.S.-organized  regime change  quickly turned sour as old tribal rivalries, which Gaddafi had contained, were unleashed. Plus, it turned out that Gaddafi s warnings that many of the rebels were Islamic militants turned out to be true. On Sept. 11, 2012, one extremist militia overran the U.S. consulate in Benghazi killing U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans.Soon, Libya slid into anarchy and Western nations abandoned their embassies in Tripoli. President Obama now terms the Libyan fiasco the biggest mistake of his presidency. But Clinton refuses to be chastened by the debacle, much as she appeared to learn nothing from her support for the Iraq invasion in 2003.The Libyan MirageDuring Thursday s debate   instead of joining Obama in recognition of the Libyan failure   Clinton acted as if she had overseen some glowing success: Well, let me say I think we did a great deal to help the Libyan people after Gaddafi s demise.   We helped them hold two successful elections, something that is not easy, which they did very well because they had a pent-up desire to try to chart their own future after 42 years of dictatorship. I was very proud of that.  We also worked to help them set up their government. We sent a lot of American experts there. We offered to help them secure their borders, to train a new military. They, at the end, when it came to security issues,   did not want troops from any other country, not just us, European or other countries, in Libya. And so we were caught in a very difficult position. They could not provide security on their own, which we could see and we told them that, but they didn t want to have others helping to provide that security. And the result has been a clash between different parts of the country, terrorists taking up some locations in the country. But that is exactly the point. Like the earlier neocon-driven  regime change  in Iraq, the  regime change  obsession blinds the neocons from recognizing that not only are these operations violations of basic international law regarding sovereignty of other nations but the invasions unleash powerful internal rivalries that neocons, who know little about the inner workings of these countries, soon find they can t control.Yet, America s neocons are so arrogant and so influential that they simply move from one catastrophe to the next like a swarm of locust spreading chaos and death around the globe. They also adapt readily to changes in the political climate.That s why some savvy neocons, such as the Brookings Institution s Robert Kagan, have endorsed Clinton, who The New York Times reported has become  The vessel into which many interventionists are pouring their hopes. Kagan told the Times: I feel comfortable with her on foreign policy. If she pursues a policy which we think she will pursue it s something that might have been called neocon, but clearly her supporters are not going to call it that; they are going to call it something else. Now with Clinton s election seemingly within reach, the neocons are even more excited about how they can get back to work achieving Syrian  regime change,  overturning Obama s nuclear deal with Iran, and   what is becoming their ultimate goal   destabilizing nuclear-armed Russia and seeking  regime change  in Moscow.After all, by helping Assad bring some stability to Syria and assisting Obama in securing the Iranian nuclear deal, Russian President Vladimir Putin has become what the neocons view as the linchpin of resistance to their  regime change  goals. Pull Putin down, the thinking goes, and the neocons can resume checking off their to-do list of Israel s adversaries: Syria, Iran, Hezbollah, Hamas, etc.And what could possibly go wrong by destabilizing nuclear-armed Russia and forcing some disruptive  regime change ?By making Russia s economy scream and instigating a Maidan-style revolt in Moscow s Red Square, the neocons see their geopolitical path being cleared, but what they don t take into account is that the likely successor to Putin would not be some malleable drunk like the late Russian President Boris Yeltsin but, far more likely, a hardline nationalist who might be a lot more careless with the nuclear codes than Putin.But, hey, when has a neocon  regime change  scheme veered off into a dangerous and unanticipated direction?A Neocon True-BelieverIn Thursday s debate, Hillary Clinton showed how much she has become a neocon true-believer. Despite the catastrophic  regime changes  in Iraq and Libya, she vowed to invade Syria, although she dresses up that reality in pretty phrases like  safe zones  and  no-fly zones. She also revived the idea of increasing the flow of weapons to  moderate  rebels although they, in reality, mostly fight under the command umbrella of Al Qaeda s Nusra Front.Clinton also suggested that the Syria mess can be blamed on President Obama s rejection of her recommendations in 2011 to authorize a more direct U.S. military intervention.  Nobody stood up to Assad and removed him,  Clinton said,  and we have had a far greater disaster in Syria than we are currently dealing with right now in Libya. In other words, Clinton still harbors the  regime change  goal in Syria. But the problem always was that the anti-Assad forces were penetrated by Al Qaeda and what is now called the Islamic State. The more likely result from Clinton s goal of removing Assad would be the collapse of the Syrian security forces and a victory for Al Qaeda s Nusra Front and/or the Islamic State.If that were to happen, the horrific situation in Syria would become cataclysmic. Millions of Syrians, Alawites, Shiites, Christians, secularists and other  infidels , would have to flee the beheading swords of these terror groups. That might well force a full-scale U.S. and European invasion of Syria with the bloody outcome probably similar to the disastrous Iraq War.The only reasonable hope for Syria is for the Assad regime and the less radical Sunni oppositionists to work out some power-sharing agreement, stabilize most of the country, neutralize to some degree the jihadists, and then hold elections, letting the Syrian people decide whether  Assad must go!    not the U.S. government. But that s not what Clinton wants.Perhaps even more dangerous, Clinton s bellicose rhetoric suggests that she would eagerly move into a dangerous Cold War confrontation with Russia under the upside-down propaganda theme blaming tensions in Eastern Europe on  Russian aggression,  not NATO s expansion up to Russia s borders and the U.S.-backed coup in Ukraine in 2014 which ousted an elected president and touched off a civil war.That coup, which followed neocon fury at Putin for his helping Obama avert U.S. bombing campaigns against Syria and Iran, was largely orchestrated by neocons associated with the U.S. government, including Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs Victoria Nuland (Robert Kagan s wife), Sen. John McCain and National Endowment for Democracy President Carl Gershman. Nuland and the famous cookies.After the violent coup, when the people of Crimea voted by 96 percent to secede from Ukraine and rejoin Russia, the U.S. government and Western media deemed that a  Russian invasion  and when ethnic Russians in eastern Ukraine rose up in resistance to the new authorities in Kiev that became  Russian aggression. NATO on the MoveThough President Obama should know better   and I m told that he does know better   he has succumbed this time to pressure to go along with what he calls the Washington  playbook  of saber-rattling and militarism. NATO is moving more and more combat troops up to the Russian border while Washington has organized punishing economic sanctions aimed at disrupting the Russian economy.Hillary Clinton appears fully onboard with the neocon goal of grabbing the Big Enchilada,  regime change  in Moscow. Rather than seeing the world as it is, she continues to look through the wrong end of the telescope in line with all the anti-Russian propaganda and the demonization of Putin, whom Clinton has compared to Hitler.Supporting NATO s military buildup on Russia s border, Clinton said: With Russia being more aggressive, making all kinds of intimidating moves toward the Baltic countries, we ve seen what they ve done in eastern Ukraine, we know how they want to rewrite the map of Europe, it is not in our interests [to reduce U.S. support for NATO]. Think of how much it would cost if Russia s aggression were not deterred because NATO was there on the front lines making it clear they could not move forward. Though Clinton s anti-Russian delusions are shared by many powerful people in Official Washington, they are no more accurate than the other claims about Iraq s WMD, Gaddafi passing out Viagra to his troops, the humanitarian need to invade Syria, the craziness about Iran being the principal source of terrorism (when it is the Saudis, the Qataris, the Turks and other Sunni powers that have bred Al Qaeda and the Islamic State), and the notion that the Palestinians are the ones picking on the Israelis, not the other way around.However, Clinton s buying into the neocon propaganda about Russia may be the most dangerous   arguably existential   threat that a Clinton presidency would present to the world. Yes, she may launch U.S. military strikes against the Syrian government (which could open the gates of Damascus to Al Qaeda and the Islamic State); yes, she might push Iran into renouncing the nuclear agreement (and putting the Israeli/neocon goal to bomb-bomb-bomb-Iran back on the table); yes, she might make Obama s progressive critics long for his more temperate presidency.But Clinton s potential escalation of the new Cold War with Russia could be both the most costly and conceivably the most suicidal feature of a Clinton-45 presidency.Unlike her times as Secretary of State, when Obama could block her militaristic schemes, there will be no one to stop her if she is elected President, surrounded by like-minded neocon advisers.***Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America s Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com).READ MORE US ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Election Files",0
22588,Exposed: The US is an Oligarchy Ruled by Billionaires and Dictators," Eric Zuesse Off GuardianEven for the post of U.S. President, the preferences of the American people have only a marginal, if any, impact upon the selection of the person to occupy that post.In Colorado s Republican race to win delegates to the Republican National Convention for selecting the Republican Presidential nominee, there was no primary, and there was no caucus.As the Republican magazine National Review headlined on April 11th, attempting to justify what a Republican wag had just headlined as  Cruz Celebrates Voterless Win : Donald Trump Laid a Colorado Goose Egg because He Was Disorganized and Amateurish. Their argument (since they campaign for any Republican but Trump) was: he lost  because he was disorganized and amateurish  not because he had been cheated by the Party-hierarchy.National Review explained that in the process which had been set up by the Colorado Republican Party (it s set up by each individual state s Republican Party, not by the National Republican Party),  delegates to the national convention would be selected at congressional-district conventions and the Republican s [sic] state convention , and this was done in order to give Colorado s delegates more flexibility,  not done in order to require delegates to reflect the Republican (or any other) electorate in Colorado (since NR doesn t like even its own Party s electorate).This was the explanation that was provided by that magazine, which backs Cruz, and which has been campaigning ferociously against Trump.  Their article was built upon, and extensively quoted, the justifications put forth by one particular Cruz delegate, who said, The grassroots made the decision that Ted Cruz was the best candidate for us, and the grassroots made the decision to come out for Cruz and absolutely swept the table. He called it  our caucus system.  Whatever it was, it shut out all rank-and-file Republican voters, and left everything to people like himself, who could afford to do this: You have to put in the work, you have to put in the effort, and you have to do it months ahead of time. In other words: only Republican Party activists in Colorado could participate in selecting the delegates who would participate in selecting the Republican nominee. No one else was allowed to.  Their conception of the Colorado Republican Party is that it s only the Party s activists; and, if you re not a Republican activist, you have no say.It s as if to say:Only people who work in the government can have a say in how the government is to be run.  It s for insiders only and, of course, indirectly it s for whomever pays those insiders and so enables them to  put in the work  to participate.National Public Radio had a different take on this matter.  Steve Inskeep headlined there GOP Delegate: Trump Primary Wins  Absolutely Irrelevant  At Convention.  He interviewed Curly Haughland, a member of the Republican National Committee who lives in North Dakota, and who said: No matter what the popular belief might be,   there is no connection between primaries and the actual convention. Well, that s putting it rather bluntly. Haughland also said: Cited the GOP s convention Rules 37 and 38. He interprets these convoluted rules to mean that delegates may  vote their conscience.  The rules do not explicitly say this. Rule 37 is a detailed explanation of the procedure for roll-call votes. However, Rule 38 does say that no delegate may be  bound  by the  unit rule, meaning that delegates from a state can t all be forced to vote the same way. Another of Haughland s points is indisputable: When the convention convenes,  he said,  the delegates adopt their own rules, which haven t been adopted yet.  There is a standard template for conventions, but delegates could tweak the template, changing the game in any way that they want. In other words: the National Republican Committee says that all of the delegates to the Republican National Convention are allowed to  tweak the template, changing the game in any way that they want. So: the delegates at that Convention won t actually be representing anyone but themselves there. They are entirely free to push for anyone whom they personally want to win the Republican U.S. Presidential nomination.They re not bound, not even on the first ballot. They might pretend to be, if they feel a need to put on a show that looks  democratic , but any who don t feel the need to make such a pretense, can do whatever they want on the first ballot, just like on any successive ballot. They are free; all of them are free. It s only the electorate who aren t   they re not represented, at all.What about on the Democratic side?  Wyoming had held its Democratic Party caucuses on April 9, and there really were caucuses.  Two days later, CNN headlined Wyoming Democratic Caucuses: Bernie Sanders Picks Up Another Win , and reported: Bernie Sanders won the Wyoming Democratic caucuses Saturday, providing his campaign with one more jolt of momentum before the race against Hillary Clinton heads east. Even so, he made no gains in Clinton s delegate lead, as each earned seven delegates as a result.    On April 12th a youtube video was posted, MSNBC Morning Host Admits The  Whole Voting System Is Rigged  After Bernie Get s Cheated! Here the co-hosts had a conversation about the results:  Sanders beat Hillary Clinton by twelve points, 56 to 44,   He wins by twelve points.  The accompanying image showed the delegate-count, in this contest that Sanders had won by 56% to 44%:  18 total.  Hillary Clinton 11, Bernie Sanders 7.  It wasn t 7 to 7, after all.Though Sanders had outscored Clinton by 12%, it was worse than even-steven for him; he had actually lost by 11 delegates to 7 delegates.  This system is so rigged!  said one host.  There s absolutely no reason any of those people voted,  said the other.A Hillary Clinton supporter was the  expert  on the panel, and he said,  It s not rigged. These are the rules.  He wasn t given time to explain that fine point   or how  the rules  were necessarily  not rigged. Also on April 12th, Public Radio International s Todd Zwillich headlined (falsely), Six Reasons Bernie Sanders Won Wyoming, But Still Tied in the Delegate Race , and Zwillig failed to explain that word  Tied.  He opened:  How, many of you ask, could Bernie have won Wyoming 56 percent to Hillary s 44 percent, but still split the delegates with her 50-50?  Then, he repeated that there had supposedly been  The 7-7 split,  but he also said  Wyoming has a total of 18 delegates  (which obviously isn tthe sum of 7+7) and he was also likewise incoherent, all the way through.Maybe  the rules  in the Wyoming Democratic Party are like that; but, whatever they are, is so convoluted, America s news-media couldn t explain what they were, much less were they able to argue persuasively that this was somehow a democracy.The only thing that s clear is that the electoral system in the United States is so convoluted, so complex and so different from state to state and party to party, that whatever the intent of the writers of America s Constitution might have been, the system as it is today, can be successfully gamed and won only by interests who can afford to spend whatever billions of dollars are necessary in order to win. It s certainly anything but democratic.Right now, according to RealClear Politics, there are only two Presidential candidates who are shown repeatedly, and almost consistently, to be preferred by the majority of the U.S. electorate: the Democrat Bernie Sanders is strongly preferred over the Republicans Trump and Cruz, and he is barely preferred over the Republican Kasich; and the Republican Kasich is strongly preferred over the Democrat Clinton.  (Clinton loses strongly to Kasich and barely beats Cruz, while Trump is the weakest general-election candidate of all.)The strongest general-election candidates are, clearly, Sanders in the Democratic Party, and Kasich in the Republican Party. In a democracy, those would be the candidates. Throughout the contest thus far, neither of these two has been favored likely to win his respective Party s nomination, much less the Presidency.Whatever America is, it isn t a democracy   a one-person-one-vote majority-rule republic. In fact, the only scientific study that has ever been done of the U.S. political system, finds that it s no  democracy  at all, but instead an  oligarchy, a nation ruled by its aristocracy, its billionaires.It represents them, not the citizenry. That might not be the theory, but empirically it is the fact. An oligarchy is the commonest type of dictatorship, and it certainly is never a  benevolent dictatorship,  even if that phrase is not an oxymoron in itself.To sum up: the U.S. is ruled by and for the corrupters. It has been like that since at least 1980.***Investigative historian Eric Zuesse is the author, most recently, of  They re Not Even Close: The Democratic vs. Republican Economic Records, 1910-2010, and of  CHRIST S VENTRILOQUISTS: The Event that Created Christianity.READ MORE US ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Election Files",0
22589,Kerry’s Lunacy: ‘US Would Be Justified Shooting Down Unarmed Russian Jets’,"21st Century Wire says As 21WIRE reported yesterday, imperial bureaucrats in Washington and their court scribes in the mainstream media propaganda industry   continue the charade of the Roman mindset, believing that the US has eminent domain over the entire planet and all must kneel in the presence of old glory.It s statements like this that indicate how with each passing day, NATO is fast becoming a defunct organization.As he hopelessly clings to his outdated Cold War script, Bonesman and US Secretary of State John Kerry continues to be completely detached from reality  Jason Ditz Antiwar.comUS officials are still on about yesterday s incident, in which a pair of unarmed Russian jets flew within 30 feet of a US destroyer in the Baltic Sea, something US officials described as a  simulated attack  that proved Russia s  unprofessional  nature.Today, Secretary of State John Kerry declared the flights  provocative  and insisted the USS Donald Cook would ve been well within its rights to shoot down the planes under the  rules of engagement  they are placed under.Which is a stunning claim, since the USS Donald Cook is deployed in the peaceful Baltic, off the coast of the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad, and the US and Russia are not at war. That they have rules of engagement allowing them to unilaterally attack Russian aircraft at all seems unwise.Russian Major General Igor Konashenkov says he is  baffled  by the US reaction, saying the Russian jets were operating well within their safety guidelines, and that the US freedom of navigation near a Russian naval base  does not at all cancel the principle of freedom of flight for Russian aircraft. READ MORE NATO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NATO Files",0
22590,BOILER ROOM – EP #52 – Never Ending Chaos,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East and Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis  Tonight the Boiler Gang brings the internet show with more twists and turns than Space Mountain! We ll be covering the disturbing concept of men so brainwashed that they think the have  man-stral cycles,  Michael Moore s  moobs,  Jay versus atomistic materialist philosophy peddlers, the Panama Papers psyop, the smoke screen of the so called classified 28 pages of the 9/11 report, the university organized reproduction of the temple of Baal being recreated after ISIS destroyed the original site in Palmyra Syria,  Tragedy and Hope   how bankers LOVE revolutionaries, and what to make of occult symbolism being paraded in the faces of that alternative media and Robert Dinero s response to the documentary film, Vaxxed being removed from the Tribeca Film Festival.  Listen in as we discuss a plethora of media and current events in a VERY un-PC fashion . If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! REFERENCE LINKS:",0
22591,CRIMINAL: Details Emerge of Washington’s ‘Fast & Furious’ Arms Trafficking in Syria,"21st Century Wire says No doubt about it. In comparison to Washington s other weapons trafficking exploits, like Operation Fast & Furious, this one is even more reckless, dangerous, totally unethical   and completely illegal. Back in 2011, President Obama green-lighted one of the CIA s worst ever operations   one which resulted in a five year-long flood of weapons, ammunition   right into the hands of  moderate  terrorist fighters running wild in Syria.In total, hundreds of millions in US taxpayer funds have been spent on arming terrorists in Syria. This is no accident. Obama assured Arab monarchs that the US would supply the weapons for the proxy war in Syria.The twisted logic and naive optimism of Washington elites was such that they were convinced that these terrorists would eventually bring Syria to its knees and topple the government in Damascus   enabling the US-led  coalition  to divide up Syria and rules over a protracted period of chaos in the region, not caring about the  collateral damage  they have caused along the way.Somehow, we are meant be believe that the current US President really cares about gun control, and yet here he is   running point one of the largest illegal weapons-tracking operations in history, and not a crocodile tear is shed for any of the hundreds of thousands of innocent Syrian lives that have been lost because of this criminal US policy.This is proof that the US has been actively undermining the ceasefire in Syria, but it s only the tip of iceberg  IHS Janes 360Documents released by the US government s Federal Business Opportunities (FBO) website have provided an indication of the types and numbers of Eastern European weapons and ammunition the United States is providing to Syrian rebel groups as part of a programme that continues despite the widely respected ceasefire in that country.[The following manifest was make available through official channels]The FBO has released two solicitations in recent months looking for shipping companies to transport explosive material from Eastern Europe to the Jordanian port of Aqaba on behalf of the US Navy s Military Sealift Command.Released on 3 November 2015, the first solicitation sought a contractor to ship 81 containers of cargo that included explosive material from Constanta in Bulgaria to Aqaba.The solicitation was subsequently updated with a detailed packing list that showed the cargo had a total weight of 994 tonnes, a little under half of which was to be unloaded at Agalar, a military pier near the Turkish town of Tasucu, the other half at Aqaba.The cargo listed in the document included AK-47 rifles, PKM general-purpose machine guns, DShK heavy machine guns, RPG-7 rocket launchers, and 9K111M Faktoria anti-tank guided weapon (ATGW) systems. The Faktoria is an improved version of the 9K111 Fagot ATGW, the primary difference being that its missile has a tandem warhead for defeating explosive reactive armour (ERA) fitted to some tanks.READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22592,Finger in Every Pie: How CIA Produces Our ‘News’ and Entertainment,"21st Century Wire says In so many respects,  our  media is not our own.In the past, 21WIRE has detailed various aspects of Operation Mockingbird and other CIA-related media pursuits, as well as many other bogus news stories which appear on a regular basis.Claire Danes as Carrie Mathison in Homeland (Season 4, PR Art).   Photo: Jim Fiscus/SHOWTIME Previously, we showed how the Hollywood hit ZeroDarkThirty was a completely fabricated piece of fiction which was passed on to the public as a  true story . Also, the popular TV series, Homeland, is one of the most obvious propaganda productions in recent years, designed to reinforce many flawed assumptions and false believes about the world outside of the United States.Did you know that the CIA has actually produced a number of high-profile  history  TV programs that appear on US and world media channels?Yes, it s true SputnikThe Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has a finger in every pie including  the entertainment business: it turns out that the CIA has played a role in producing at least 22 entertainment projects; investigative journalist Adam Johnson argues that by doing this the US intelligence agency puts American media workers at risk.It seems that the US Central Intelligence Agency follows the theory that says that there are no little or insignificant things.  The intelligence agency has long been keeping an eye on the Western entertainment industry and has even had a role in producing popular fiction movies and documentaries.In his article for Fair.org media watchdog investigative journalist Adam Johnson argues that this type of collaboration may cast a shadow over the image of US media workers and even put them at risk. For years, artists from across the entertainment industry  actors, authors, directors, producers, screenwriters, and others  have been in touch with the CIA to gain a better understanding of our intelligence mission,  the CIA public website reads.According to the website, the CIA s goal in engaging with the industry is to ensure  an accurate portrayal of the men and women of the CIA, and the skill, innovation, daring, and commitment to public service that defines them. Continue this article at Sputnik NewsREAD MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood Files ",0
22593,"FBI Director James Comey: ‘Trust, but protect’ (and cover your laptop webcam with tape)","21st Century Wire says NSA and police state cheerleaders will often use the flimsy defense of mass surveillance, claiming that it s  legal , and therefore, it is somehow right, and that we must  trust  the state because the U.S. is an  advance  democracy, land of the free, home of the brave (you know the drill).The truth of the matter is independent of the whims of the state (in this case, the Orwellian police state), which is this: when laws are manipulated and passed through our bicameral legislative machine and then used for oppressive and profitable ends   the very ends that so many great writers and philosophers warned us about for centuries   then those laws, along with the state s omnipotent authority  must be challenged. And how many times have we heard central government cheerleaders throw around this old trope when it comes to state surveillance: Well, if you haven t done anything wrong and you have nothing to hide, then you have nothing to worry about. Presently, Washington s current liberty death spiral is in direct conflict with the fundamental principles and morals of a free society. This has caused a near complete breakdown in trust between the corporate state and the  voters. This reality seems to be lost on so many media pundits and of course, completely lost on our bureaucratic class RT: It turns out that FBI director James Comey covers his laptop camera with tape, just like any NSA-fearing citizen should   an admission that has generated hilarity on social media  ",0
22594,Would a Hillary Clinton Presidency Mean More Wars?,"Special Report: Savvy neocons see Hillary Clinton as their Trojan Horse to be pulled into the White House by Democratic voters, raising the question: would a Clinton-45 presidency mean more wars, asks Robert Parry  Robert Parry Consortium NewsThe Democratic Party establishment seems determined to drag Hillary Clinton s listless campaign across the finish line of her race with Bernie Sanders and then count on Republican divisions to give her a path to the White House. But   if she gets there   the world should hold its breath.If Clinton becomes President, she will be surrounded by a neocon-dominated American foreign policy establishment that will press her to resume its  regime change  strategies in the Middle East and escalate its new and dangerous Cold War against Russia.If Bashar al-Assad is still president of Syria, there will be demands that she finally go for the knock-out blow; there will be pressure, too, for her to ratchet up sanctions on Iran pushing Tehran toward renouncing the nuclear agreement; there are already calls for deploying more U.S. troops on Russia s border and integrating Ukraine into the NATO military structure.President Clinton-45 would hear the clever talking points justifying these moves, the swaggering tough-guy/gal rhetoric, and the tear-jerking propaganda about evil enemies throwing babies off incubators, giving Viagra to soldiers to rape more women, and committing horrific crimes (some real but many imagined) against defenseless innocents.Does anyone think that Hillary Clinton has the wisdom to resist these siren songs of confrontation and war, even if she were inclined to?President Barack Obama, who   for all his faults   has a much deeper and subtler intellect than Hillary Clinton, found himself so battered by these pressures from the militaristic Washington  playbook  that he whined about his predicament to The Atlantic s Jeffrey Goldberg, himself a neocon war hawk.The Washington foreign policy establishment is now so profoundly in the hands of the neocons and their  liberal interventionist  sidekicks that the sitting President presumably couldn t find anyone but a neocon to give those interviews to, even as he complained about how the U.S. capital is in the hands of warmongers.Given this neocon domination of U.S. foreign policy  especially in the State Department bureaucracy, the major media and the big think tanks   Clinton will be buffeted by hawkish demands and plans both from outside of her administration and from within. ARCHTECTS OF WAR: Neocon war hawk and Israeli advocate Robert Kagan and his wife Victoria Nuland are hoping for a Clinton win n November.Already key neocons, such as the Brookings Institution s Robert Kagan, are signaling that they expect to have substantial influence over Clinton s foreign policy. Kagan, who has repackaged himself as a  liberal interventionist, threw his support to Clinton, who put him on a State Department advisory board.There is also talk in Washington that Kagan s neocon wife, Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs Victoria Nuland, another Clinton favorite and the architect of the  regime change  in Ukraine, would be in line for a top foreign policy job in a Clinton-45 administration.Neocons Back in ChargeSo, Clinton s election could mean that some of the most dangerous people in American foreign policy would be whispering their schemes for war and more war directly into her ear   and her record shows that she is very susceptible to such guidance.At every turn, as a U.S. senator and as Secretary of State, Clinton has opted for  regime change  solutions   from the Iraq invasion in 2003 to the Honduras coup in 2009 to the Libyan air war in 2011 to the Syria civil war since 2011   or she has advocated for the escalation of conflicts, such as in Afghanistan and with Iran, rather than engaging in reasonable give-and-take negotiations.Though her backers tout her experience as Secretary of State, the reality was that she repeatedly disdained genuine diplomacy and was constantly hectoring President Obama into adopting the most violent and confrontational options.He sometimes did (the Afghan  surge,  the Libyan war, the Iran nuclear stand-off) but he sometimes didn t (reversing the Afghan escalation, finally negotiating a nuclear deal with Iran after Clinton left, rejecting a direct U.S. military assault on the Syrian government, and working at times with the Russians on Iran and Syria).In other words, Obama acted as a register or brake restraining Clinton s hawkishness. With Clinton as the President, however, she would have no such restraints. One could expect her to endorse many if not all the harebrained neocon schemes, much as President George W. Bush did when his neocon advisers exploited his fear and fury over 9/11 to guide him into their  regime change  agenda for the Middle East. After Bush s Iraq invasion in 2003, Washington s neocons were joking about whether Iran or Syria should come next, with the punch line:  Real men go to Tehran!  But the Iraq War wasn t the  cakewalk  that the neocons had predicted. Instead of throwing flowers at the U.S. troops, Iraqis planted IEDs Continue this story at Consortium NewsInvestigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America s Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com).READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22595,Obama Finally Admits: ‘We Had No Plan After Libya Regime Change’,"21st Century Wire says Not quite a mea culpa, but at least it s something. Still, as the leader of the US and with the US as NATO s leading player, President Obama is completely responsible for over 30,000 deaths, as well as a failed state in Libya which has since descended into war-lording chaos and ISIS maniacs now running amok   almost guaranteeing a redeployment of western forces in the region. Job done.And then there s the role of Hillary Clinton in this unspeakable crime RTFailing to plan for the aftermath of the US-led military intervention in Libya was President Barack Obama s worst mistake during the eight years in the White House, Obama himself confessed to US media.When asked in a quick Q&A preview for an interview with Fox News Sunday what his  worst mistake  as a president had been, the US leader answered:  Probably failing to plan for the day after what I think was the right thing to do in intervening in Libya.  Given Libya s proximity to the European continent, he expected his counterparts to invest more in the follow-up to the military campaign, the US President claimed.'S**t show': Obama blames UK & other European states for post-Gaddafi Libya 'mess' https://t.co/wLirmVGQXQ pic.twitter.com/1yFcdToxji  RT (@RT_com) March 11, 2016In March of 2011, the UN Security Council (UNSC) adopted a resolution on Libya authorizing the international community to  take all necessary measures  to protect the civilian population. The US-led coalition then proceeded to intensively bomb the Libyan army, eventually toppling the country s leader, Gaddafi, who was killed in October of the same year.The role of Hillary Clinton in the White House s decision to go to war in Libya has recently been exposed, with former US Secretary of Defense Robert Gates claiming that the input of the then Secretary of State had played a major role in influencing President Obama s decision Continue this story at RTREAD MORE LIBYA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Libya Files",0
22596,SUNDAY SCREENING: ‘The War On Democracy’,"21st Century Wire says This is the latest installment of our new weekly SUNDAY SCREENING feature, where our editorial team curates a documentary film for our 21WIRE audience. The War on Democracy  is one of award-winning Australian filmmaker John Pilger s most intimate film creations. Pilger takes an inside look at the Hugo Chavez epoch in Venezuela, the CIA coup and fascist takeover in Chile, as well as the American derailment of El Salvador, Guatemala and Bolivia. Pilger also traces the modern origins of the  death squad . The film delicately chronicles the issues facing the people of South America before, during and after the brutal CIA years.Watch this 39 min segment, detailing the case of Venezuela:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uv_2DIgkxYU . Here is a different cut, with a 9 min segment, detailing the case of Guatemala: WATCH MORE SUNDAY SCREENING FILMS HERE",0
22597,First Time in 30 Years: US Deploys B-52 Bombers to Qatar to bomb… ISIS?,"21st Century Wire says Is Washington preparing to carpet bomb Raqqa? If so, what will be the  trigger  for this boldly adroit military maneuver to deploy B-52 Bombers to the Middle East?Back in Dec 2015, GOP contender Ted Cruz vowed he would  carpet bomb ISIS  if elected president (and to hell with any collateral damage). He recently repeated that call on FOX network s Kelly File show. If I am elected president, we will defeat radical Islamic terrorism, and we will utterly destroy ISIS,  he said.  And yes that means carpet bombing them into oblivion.  But it s not Cruz ramping up the Pentagon s military footprint   it s Barack Obama who is the international aggressor, but he s  leading from behind  safely in the background in order to preserve his party s fast-diminishing dovish allure in a delicate election year.Regardless, the U.S. are desperate to save face in the Middle East after 5 years of failed policy and arming terrorists in Syria and northern Iraq while acting as if they were forming a Coalition to defeat the terrorists   a totally fraudulent narrative (yes, you read that correctly, and the evidence is now in).Is this a sign of thing to come..?In a conventional conflict, the B-52 can perform air interdiction, offensive counter-air and maritime operations. During Desert Storm, B-52s delivered 40 percent of all the weapons dropped by coalition forces. It is highly effective when used for ocean surveillance, and can assist the U.S. Navy in anti-ship and mine-laying operations. Two B-52s, in two hours, can monitor 140,000 square miles (364,000 square kilometers) of ocean surface. All B-52s are equipped with an electro-optical viewing system that uses platinum silicide forward-looking infrared and high resolution low-light-level television sensors to augment the targeting, battle assessment, flight safety and terrain-avoidance system, thus further improving its combat ability and low-level flight capability. (U.S. Air Force photo) RTAmerican B-52 Stratofortress bombers have been sent for their first Middle East operational deployment since the 1991 Gulf War 26 years ago. The aircraft are flying from Qatar to bomb Islamic State targets.An undisclosed number of B-52s have arrived at the Al Udeid Air Base on Sunday, the US Air Force said. The B-52 will provide the coalition continued precision and deliver desired airpower effects, Lt. Gen. Charles Q. Brown Jr., commander, US Air Forces Central Command said in the statement.The B-52 is a long-range multi-purpose heavy bomber. The Central Command last used them during Operation Desert Storm against Saddam Hussein s Iraq, when the aircraft flew sorties from Saudi Arabia.The deployment is meant to replace a contingent of B-1 Lancer swing-wing bombers which departed the Middle East in January for maintenance and a series of upgrades, the US Army s Stars and Stripes reported. The B-52 demonstrates our continued resolve to apply persistent pressure on Daesh and defend the region in any future contingency,  Brown said, referring to Islamic State by its Arabic-language acronym.The deployment comes shortly after Russia used its long-range Tupolev Tu-22, Tu-95 and Tu-160 bombers to strike terrorist targets in Syria. The Russian aircraft flew from their home bases over the Caspian Sea, Iran and Iraq to reach the Syrian territory.READ MORE PENTAGON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Pentagon Files",0
22598,Hillary Clinton: “Victory Fund” Gets Massive Cash Injection from Hedge Fund Management (Soros),"Wall Street on ParadeAt the Democratic debate at Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa on November 14, 2015, Hillary Clinton attempted to portray herself as the fierce enemy of hedge funds. She told the audience the following: You have two billionaire hedge fund managers who started a Super PAC and they re advertising against me in Iowa as we speak. So they clearly think I m going to do what I say I will do . But two hedge fund billionaires backing a Republican candidate pales in comparison to the tens of millions of dollars flooding into Hillary Clinton s campaign from other hedge fund billionaires   including money flowing into a joint fundraising committee called the  Hillary Victory Fund  that is sluicing money to both Hillary s main candidate committee, Hillary for America, as well as into the Democratic National Committee and 33 separate state Democratic committees, which has some observers crying foul.A recent article at CounterPunch, which questioned the ethics of the arrangement, quotes Paul Blumenthal, campaign finance reporter for the Huffington Post, as follows: It is a highly unusual arraignment if only because presidential candidates do not normally enter into fundraising agreements with their party s committees until after they actually win the nomination. And second, Clinton s fundraising committee is the first since the Supreme Court s 2014 McCutcheon v FEC decision eliminated aggregate contribution limits and congress increased party contribution limits in the 2014 omnibus budget bill. The Democratic National Committee has come under repeated fire for showing favoritism toward Hillary Clinton s candidacy versus that of Bernie Sanders. Federal Election Commission (FEC) filings show that the Hillary Victory Fund has given over $600,000 to the Democratic National Committee and tens of thousands of dollars each to the individual state committees that signed on to the joint fundraising plan.Hedge funds and private equity firms are desperate to hold on to their tax perversion known as  carried interest,  which allows their winnings to be taxed at rates lower than those paid by some plumbers and nurses. In no small part, it s how hedge fund operators ended up as billionaires, effectively subsidized by the wage earner.Federal Election Commission records show that S. Donald Sussman, founder of hedge fund Paloma Partners, gave $343,400 to the Hillary Victory Fund while also donating $2.5 million to Priorities USA, the Super Pac supporting Hillary.Hedge Fund billionaire George Soros donated $343,400 to the Hillary Victory Fund while sluicing a whopping $7 million into Priorities USA to enhance Hillary s efforts to move into the Oval Office.Jay T. Snyder of HBJ Investments, a private equity firm, gave over $300,000 to the Hillary Victory Fund.Dozens of other hedge fund and private equity operators gave lesser amounts to the Hillary Victory Fund. For example, Scott Shleifer of Tiger Global Management kicked in $167,000 while Mark Gallogly of Centerbridge Partners anted up $66,800.Other hedge fund billionaires have skipped the Hillary Victory Fund while writing out stunning amounts to the Super Pac supporting Hillary.On January 11 of this year, James Simons, the billionaire founder of hedge fund Renaissance Technologies, who now runs a family office called Euclidean Capital, wrote out a single check for $3.5 million to Priorities USA.According to the latest filing at the FEC, the Hillary Victory Fund joint fundraising committee has raised $26.9 million.According to the Center for Responsive Politics, Priorities USA has raised $55.6 million while Hillary s own campaign committee, Hillary for America, has raised $159.9 million.READ MORE US ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Election Files",0
22599,Windows 10 is Stealing Your Bandwidth (You Might Want to Delete It),"21st Century Wire says We ve heard a lot of not so nice things about Microsoft s latest spawn of MS DOS. Aside from the built-in trojan horse back door access uncovered earlier, this is probably the most insidious little side effect ever included in a software OS.The fact that the Svengalis in Seattle thought that no one would notice might be a testament as to how out of touch that corporation is with public sentiments regarding centralized command of control software products.Q: Why do they need all of that bandwidth, and why does Microsoft need to  update  your PC nearly every day? (Some might argue with Linus Torvalds on this point)The Hacker NewsAfter installing Windows 10, Feeling like your Internet Bandwidth is dropping away? Windows 10 is stealing your network bandwidth.Along with the privacy features related to Wi-Fi Sense, Windows 10 users should check for another hidden by default feature that uses your network bandwidth to share updates with other Windows 10 users across the Internet.Microsoft launched Windows 10 on July 29 and offered a free upgrade to Windows 7,8 and 8.1 users, and for anyone who wants to download it. But, handling millions of simultaneous 3.5GB downloads is quite difficult for the company.So, in order to cope up with the issue, Microsoft has baked a new feature into its latest desktop operating system that uses the torrent-style approach to obtain software updates, allowing Windows 10 users to download updates from other users.( ) this peer-to-peer sharing method offered by Windows 10 is using your precious Internet bandwidth, without hinting you about it, because the feature is enabled by default in Windows 10 Home and Pro edition. WUDO is also enabled in Windows 10 Enterprise and Education, but only for the local network.Continue this story at The Hacker NewsREAD MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sci-Tech Files",0
22600,BOILER ROOM – EP #51 – Social Rejects & Political Pessimists Club,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East.  Tonight the Boiler Gang brings the internet show with more twists and turns than Space Mountain! Listen in as we discuss the absurd social agendas rampant in universities that project the concept of inanimate objects being  racist.   We break down Andy Nowicki s hypothesis that the Ted Cruz sex scandal could actually be a PR stunt to improve his  alpha male  cred and talk about the CIA influence in movements like the 60s counter culture and a thought provoking conversation about the perils of 3rd wave feminism. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! REFERENCE LINKS:",0
22601,REVEALED: The CIA Ran LSD Sex Houses in San Francisco in 1950s and 60s,"Gary Kamiya SF ChronicleOn an elegant dead-end block on the north side of Telegraph Hill is 225 Chestnut St., a swanky modernist building with panoramic bay views. It s about the last place you would have expected to find a clandestine CIA program during the Cold War.Yet from 1955 to 1965, this building was the site of  Operation Midnight Climax    a top-secret mind-control program in which CIA agents used hookers to lure unsuspecting johns from North Beach bars to what they called  the pad,  then dosed the men with LSD and observed the X-rated goings-on through a two-way mirror while sitting on a portable toilet swilling martinis.As John Marks notes in his 1977 book,  The Search for the  Manchurian Candidate : The CIA and Mind Control,  the CIA s obsession with mind control had its origins during World War II, when the agency s predecessor, the Office of Strategic Services, set up a  truth drug  program whose purpose was to discover a substance that would make subjects reveal their secrets.The drug of choice was a concentrated liquid form of marijuana. The first field test in 1943 was administered to a New York mobster by George White, a tough-guy OSS captain who had been an agent in the Federal Bureau of Narcotics. The results were promising   White s sidekick said  every (subject) but one   and he didn t smoke   gave us more information than we had before    but ultimately inconclusive. Red enemyWhen the CIA was created in 1947, it continued to do mind-control experiments, with the enemy now being communism. Eastern bloc show trials like that of Hungarian Cardinal Jozsef Mindszenty, who in 1949 confessed to crimes he apparently did not commit, and reports of communist brainwashing during the Korean War led the CIA to fear there was a  mind-control gap  and that the U.S. was in second place.So the CIA authorized covert mind and behavior control programs. Drugs were given to people deemed expendable, including North Korean POWs, mental patients, prisoners, addicts and prostitutes. Before the programs were shot down, hundreds of scientists would work on them.In 1943, a Swiss chemist named Albert Hofmann developed an unbelievably powerful drug called LSD. When the technical branch of the CIA learned about this drug, the gung-ho head of its chemical division, a young chemist named Sidney Gottlieb, persuaded CIA official Richard Helms that the agency should investigate it as a spy tool. On April 13, 1953, CIA director Allen Dulles approved a program for  covert use of biological and chemical materials  with an initial budget of $300,000. Its name: MKULTRA.Dangerous gameThe CIA began to fund LSD projects at many institutions, including Columbia University and Mount Sinai Hospital. Informed consent and other moral niceties were dispensed with. One researcher kept seven subjects, junkies enticed by promises of hard drugs, on LSD for 77 straight days. No follow-up on them was ever done.The CIA was playing an extremely dangerous game. In 1953, Gottlieb dosed a CIA colleague, Frank Olson, causing Olson to undergo a mental crisis that ended with him falling to his death from a 10th-floor window. But this horrific incident only put MKULTRA temporarily on hold Continue this story at SF ChronicleREAD MORE CIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire CIA Files",0
22602,Utah Ranchers Vow to Stand Up to Government Abuse Despite Oregon Arrests,"Sam Levin The GuardianOn 23 January, a group of Utah ranchers gathered in Cedar City and made a pledge: they signed notices of  withdrawal of consent  to be governed   a statement rejecting the authority of the federal agencies that regulate grazing and charge fees to have livestock use public lands.The ranchers were following in the footsteps of Arizona rancher LaVoy Finicum, who at the time was a leader of a land-use protest at an Oregon wildlife refuge and who had publicly refused to pay for grazing rights.Then on 26 January, state troopers in Oregon shot and killed Finicum during an attempted arrest, and two weeks after that, federal authorities detained and charged Cliven Bundy, the Nevada rancher who led an armed standoff at his property in 2014. Utah rancher Todd Macfarlane at public hearing in February (Image Source: Salt Lake City Tribune)The aggressive prosecution of the unofficial leaders of the land-use rights movement in the west appeared to be the government s way of sending a clear message that authorities would not tolerate these types of protests.But in remote desert ranges of Utah, ranchers say they remain committed to finding a way to stand up to what they see as federal overreach and mistreatment   even if the most vocal activists leading the charge are now dead or behind bars.There are a number of factors that make Utah a key battleground in the brewing fight, with some questioning whether tensions could boil over and erupt in the form of another high-profile standoff and national controversy.Some in rural parts of central and southern Utah tell stories of extreme overreach by the government, alleging that the US Bureau of Land Management (BLM) and environmental advocacy groups have used endangered species regulations and conservation initiatives to prevent families from sustaining ranches passed down through generations Continue this story at The GuardianREAD MORE OREGON STANDOFF NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Oregon Standoff Files",0
22603,FLASHBACK: Florida Couple Nearly ‘Forecloses’ on Bank of America,"21st Century Wire says After the great crash of 2008, things went a little quiet for the first 24 months, but in the background nothing really changed. In other words, little or reform took placing to prevent a new housing bubble which many experts are warning is due to manifest this year or next. But that s not the worst of it After all the trouble and strife, still, if you have a mortgage, banks are selling those loans to third parties many times and these new corporate  owners  of your home are then foreclosing, and evicting residents, sometimes for no reason at all. After they remove the residents, they then sell the property for well below market value   leaving the ex-homeowner to cover the difference in the price short-fall. Sound like a good deal?How do you fight this international racket? Here is one story from 2011 which we hope will still inspire some folks to start taking the ponzi banks to task  CBS NewsWarren and Maureen Nyerges paid cash when they bought a home from Bank of America in the Golden Gate Estates section of Collier, County, Fla., according to CBS affiliate WINK-TV in Ft. Myers.But that didn t stop Bank of America from trying to foreclose on them.They took their case to court and, a year-and-a-half later, the foreclosure action was dropped.A Collier County judge said Bank of America had to pay the couple s $2,534 legal fees, since it had made the mistake.After more than five months, the bank still hadn t paid up. So, the homeowners  lawyer, Todd Allen, began proceedings to did just what a bank would have to get its money: legally seize bank assets.On Friday, sheriff s deputies and moving vans showed up at the bank. I instructed the deputy to go in and take desks, computers, copiers, and filing cabinets, including cash in the drawers,  Allen says.Inside, says WINK,  The homeowners  attorney was locked out of the bank manager s office by deputies while the bank manger tried to figure out what to do. Continue this story at CBS News READ MORE FINANCIAL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Financial Files",0
22604,EXPOSED: How US-Backed War on Syria Helped ISIS to Expand Their Operations," ABC News PhotoDaniel Lazare Consortium NewsWhy are Islamic militants wreaking havoc from Brussels to Lahore? The best way to answer this question is by taking a close look at how The New York Times covered this weekend s liberation of Palmyra from Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi s Islamic State.The article, entitled  Syrian Troops Said to Recapture Historic Palmyra From ISIS,  began on a snide note. While the victory may have netted Bashar al-Assad  a strategic prize,  reporters Hwaida Saad and Kareem Fahim wrote that it also provided the Syrian president with  something more rare: a measure of international praise. The article noted that  Mr. Assad s contention that his government is a bulwark against the transnational extremist group  has been bolstered, but added that  his foes and some allies argue that he must leave power as part of a political settlement to end the war in Syria    without, of course, specifying who those allies might be.Then it offered a bit of background:  Lost in the celebrations was a discussion of how Palmyra had fallen in the first place. When the Islamic State captured the city in May [2015], the militants faced little resistance from Syrian troops. At the time, residents said officers and militiamen had fled into orchards outside the city, leaving conscripted soldiers and residents to face the militants alone. Since the Times claims to have  several hundred  surreptitious contacts inside Syria, the charge that Assad s troops fled without a fight may conceivably be correct. But it s hard to square with reports that the Islamic State (also known as ISIS, ISIL and Daesh) had to battle for seven or eight days before entering the city and then had to deal with a counter-offensive on the city s outskirts. But even if true, it s only part of the story and a small one at that.The real story began two months earlier when Syrian rebels launched a major offensive in Syria s northern Idlib province with heavy backing from Turkey and Saudi Arabia. Led by Al Nusra, the local Al Qaeda affiliate, but with the full participation of U.S.-backed rebel forces, the assault proved highly successful because of the large numbers of U.S.-made optically guided TOW missiles supplied by the Saudis. [See Consortiumnews.com s  Climbing into Bed with Al-Qaeda. ]The missiles gave the rebels the edge they needed to destroy dozens of government tanks and other vehicles according to videos posted on social media websites. Indeed, one pro-U.S. commander told The Wall Street Journal that the TOWs completely  flipped the balance of power,  enabling the rebels to dislodge the Syrian army s heavily dug-in forces and drive them out of town. Although the government soon counter-attacked, Al Nusra and its allies continued to advance to the point where they posed a direct threat to the Damascus regime s stronghold in Latakia province 50 or 60 miles to the west.Official Washington was jubilant. The trend lines for Assad are bad and getting worse,  a senior official crowed a month after the offensive began. The Times happily observed that  [t]he Syrian Army has suffered a string of defeats from re-energized insurgents   [which] raise newly urgent questions about the durability of President Bashar al-Assad s rule. Assad was on the ropes, or so everyone said. Indeed, ISIS thought so as well, according to the Associated Press, which is why it decided that the opportunity was ripe to launch an offensive of its own 200 miles or so to the southeast. Worn-out and depleted after four years of civil war, the Syrian Arab Army retreated before the onslaught.But considering the billions of dollars that the U.S. and Saudis were pouring into the rebel forces, blaming Damascus for not putting up a stiffer fight is a little like beating up a 12-year-old girl and then blaming her for not having a better right hook.So the U.S. and its allies helped Islamic State by tying down Assad s forces in the north so that it could punch through in the center. But that s not all the U.S. did. It also helped by suspending bombing as the Islamic State neared Palmyra.As the Times put it at the time:  Any airstrikes against Islamic State militants in and around Palmyra would probably benefit the forces of President Bashar al-Assad. So far, United States-led airstrikes in Syria have largely focused on areas far outside government control, to avoid the perception of aiding a leader whose ouster President Obama has called for. The upshot was a clear message to ISIS to the effect that it had nothing to worry about from U.S. jet bombers as long as it engaged Assad s troops in close combat. The U.S. thus incentivized ISIS to press forward with the assault. Although residents later wondered why the U.S. had not bombed ISIS forces  while they were traversing miles of open desert roads,  the answer, simply, is that Washington had other things on its mind. Rather than defeating ISIS, it preferred to use it to accomplish its primary goal, which was driving out Assad.The BlowbackBut what does this have to do with Brussels and Lahore? Simply that America s fundamental ambivalence toward ISIS, Al Qaeda, and similar groups   its policy of battling them on one hand and seeking to make use of them on the other  is what allows Sunni terrorism to fester and grow.The administration is shocked, SHOCKED, when Islamists kill innocent people in Belgium but not when they kill innocent people in Syria. This is why the White House long regarded ISIS as a lesser threat: because it thought its violence would remain safely contained. Where Al Qaeda s principal ambition is to launch attacks against the West and U.S. homeland,  Deputy National Security Adviser Ben Rhodes explained in August 2014,  ISIL s primary focus is consolidating territory in the Middle East region to establish their own Islamic State. Since the only people in harm s way were Syrians, there was no cause for alarm. The rest of the world could relax.Hence the confusion when ISIS did the unexpected by striking out at Western targets after all. As the Times observed in a major takeout this week on Islamic State s Western operations, officials were slow to connect the dots because Euro-terrorism was not supposed to be ISIS s thing:  Even as the group began aggressively recruiting foreigners, especially Europeans, policymakers in the United States and Europe continued to see it as a lower-profile branch of Al Qaeda that was mostly interested in gaining and governing territory. Turkish officials made essentially the same point last week in response to widespread complaints that they have done little to prevent Sunni terrorists from making their way to Syria. Not so, they countered. When they tried to return the jihadis from whence they came, they found that members of the European Union were none too eager to have them. We were suspicious that the reason they want these people to come is because they don t want them in their own countries,  a senior Turkish security official told the London Guardian. Instead, they preferred to see them continue on their way. And why not? At home, they would only cause trouble, whereas in Syria they would advance Western interests by waging war against Assad s Baathist government.Thus, Brussels was unresponsive when Turkish officials informed it that they had detained a Belgian citizen named Ibrahim el-Bakraoui in the border town of Gaziantep on suspicion of traveling to Syria to join the jihad. The Turks deported him anyway, but the Belgians remained unconcerned until El-Bakraoui turned up among the suicide bombers at Zaventem airport.The same thing happened when the Turks intercepted a Syria-bound French national named Omar Ismail Mostefai. Paris was also unresponsive until Mostefai wound up among the ISIS militants who stormed the Bataclan concert hall last November, at which point its attitude turned distinctly less blas .In June 2014, Turkish security officers in Istanbul intercepted a Norwegian citizen traveling to Syria with a camouflage outfit, a first-aid kit, knives, a gun magazine and parts of an AK-47, all of which E.U. customs officials had somehow overlooked.Two months later, they intercepted a German citizen with a suitcase containing a bulletproof vest, military camouflage and binoculars that customs had also failed to notice. When they apprehended a Danish-Turkish dual citizen on his way to Syria, they sent him back to Copenhagen. But the Danes gave him another passport regardless so he could continue on his way. Everyone figured that what happens in Syria stays in Syria, so why worry?Now, of course, everyone is worried big time. With the AP reporting that Islamic State has armed and trained 400 to 600 fighters for its European operations, talk of ISIS sleeper cells is ubiquitous. Referring to the Brussels district where the March 22 bombing plot was hatched, Patrick Kanner, the French social-democratic minister of youth, warned ominously:  There are today, as is well known, hundreds of neighborhoods in France that present potential similarities to what happened in Molenbeek. The implication was that the state of emergency should not only continue but deepen. As hundreds of neo-Nazis descended on Brussels chanting anti-immigrant slogans, paranoia took a giant leap forward as did its handmaidens racism and Islamophobia.But as much everyone would like to blame it all on Donald Trump, Marine Le Pen and others of that ilk, none of this is really their fault. To the contrary, the West s disastrous Syria policy is entirely the creation of nice-guy liberals like Barack Obama. Desperate to appease both Israel and the Sunni oil sheiks, all of whom for various reasons wanted Assad to go, he signed on to a massive Sunni jihad that has turned Syria into a charnel house.With death estimates now running as high as 470,000, which is to say one person in nine, the idea that massive violence like this could remain confined to a single country was absurd to begin with. Yet Obama went along regardless.Indeed, the administration is still unwilling to back down despite all that has happened since. When a reporter asked point-blank at a State Department press briefing,  Do you want to see the [Damascus] regime retake Palmyra or would you prefer that it stays in Daesh s hands,  spokesman Mark Toner hemmed and hawed before finally admitting that a takeover was preferable because  we think Daesh is probably the greater evil in this case. (Exchange starts at 1:05.)But the next day he walked back even that mealy-mouthed statement. Refusing to endorse Palmyra s fall at all, he declared:  I m not going to laud it because it s important to remember that one of the reasons Daesh is in Syria is because Assad s brutal crackdown on his own people created the kind of vacuum, if you will, that has allowed a group like ISIL or Daesh to flourish. Just because he s now, given the cessation of hostilities, willing and-or able to divert his forces to take on Daesh doesn t exonerate him or his regime from the gross abuses that they ve carried out against the Syrian people. Since Assad is the only one to blame, the U.S. doesn t have to ponder its own contribution to the problem. Instead, it gives itself a clean bill of health and moves on. Rather, it would like to move on if only ISIS would let it.But the more aid the U.S. and its allies funnel into the hands of Sunni terrorists, the more groups like ISIS and Al Qaeda will grow and the farther their reach will extend. The upshot will be more bombings and shootings in Paris, Brussels, and who knows where else. Racism and Islamophobia will continue to surge regardless of what bien-pensant liberals do to talk it down.The liberal center is engineering its own demise.***Daniel Lazare is the author of several books including The Frozen Republic: How the Constitution Is Paralyzing Democracy (Harcourt Brace).READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22605,IRAQ 1991: US Carpet Bombs ‘Highway of Death’,"ROAR MagI want to give testimony on what are called the  highways of death. These are the two Kuwaiti roadways, littered with remains of 2,000 mangled Iraqi military vehicles, and the charred and dismembered bodies of tens of thousands of Iraqi soldiers, who were withdrawing from Kuwait on February 26th and 27th 1991 in compliance with UN resolutions.US planes trapped the long convoys by disabling vehicles in the front, and at the rear, and then pounded the resulting traffic jams for hours.  It was like shooting fish in a barrel,  said one US pilot. The horror is still there to see.On the inland highway to Basra is mile after mile of burned, smashed, shattered vehicles of every description   tanks, armored cars, trucks, autos, fire trucks, according to the March 18, 1991, Time magazine. On the sixty miles of coastal highway, Iraqi military units sit in gruesome repose, scorched skeletons of vehicles and men alike, black and awful under the sun, says the Los Angeles Times of March 11, 1991. While 450 people survived the inland road bombing to surrender, this was not the case with the 60 miles of the coastal road. There for 60 miles every vehicle was strafed or bombed, every windshield is shattered, every tank is burned, every truck is riddled with shell fragments. No survivors are known or likely. The cabs of trucks were bombed so much that they were pushed into the ground, and it s impossible to see if they contain drivers or not. Windshields were melted away, and huge tanks were reduced to shrapnel. Even in Vietnam I didn t see anything like this. It s pathetic,  said Major Bob Nugent, an Army intelligence officer. This one-sided carnage, this racist mass murder of Arab people, occurred while White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater promised that the US and its coalition partners would not attack Iraqi forces leaving Kuwait. This is surely one of the most heinous war crimes in contemporary history. The Iraqi troops were not being driven out of Kuwait by US troops as the Bush administration maintains. They were not retreating in order to regroup and fight again. In fact, they were withdrawing, they were going home, responding to orders issued by Baghdad, announcing that it was complying with Resolution 660 and leaving Kuwait. At 5:35 p.m. (Eastern standard Time) Baghdad radio announced that Iraq s Foreign Minister had accepted the Soviet cease-fire proposal and had issued the order for all Iraqi troops to withdraw to postions held before August 2, 1990 in compliance with UN Resolution 660. President Bush responded immediately from the White House saying (through spokesman Marlin Fitzwater) that  there was no evidence to suggest the Iraqi army is withdrawing. In fact, Iraqi units are continuing to fight. . . We continue to prosecute the war.  On the next day, February 26, 1991, Saddam Hussein announced on Baghdad radio that Iraqi troops had, indeed, begun to withdraw from Kuwait and that the withdrawal would be complete that day. Again, Bush reacted, calling Hussein s announcement  an outrage  and  a cruel hoax. Eyewitness Kuwaitis attest that the withdrawal began the afternoon of February 26, 1991 and Baghdad radio announced at 2:00 AM (local time) that morning that the government had ordered all troops to withdraw. The massacre of withdrawing Iraqi soldiers violates the Geneva Conventions of 1949, Common Article III, which outlaws the killing of soldiers who are out of combat. The point of contention involves the Bush administration s claim that the Iraqi troops were retreating to regroup and fight again. Such a claim is the only way that the massacre which occurred could be considered legal under international law. But in fact the claim is false and obviously so. The troops were withdrawing and removing themselves from combat under direct orders from Baghdad that the war was over and that Iraq had quit and would fully comply with UN resolutions. To attack the soldiers returning home under these circumstances is a war crime.Iraq accepted UN Resolution 660 and offered to withdraw from Kuwait through Soviet mediation on February 21, 1991. A statement made by George Bush on February 27, 1991, that no quarter would be given to remaining Iraqi soldiers violates even the US Field Manual of 1956. The 1907 Hague Convention governing land warfare also makes it illegal to declare that no quarter will be given to withdrawing soldiers. On February 26,199 I, the following dispatch was filed from the deck of the USS. Ranger, under the byline of Randall Richard of the Providence Journal: Air strikes against Iraqi troops retreating from Kuwait were being launched so feverishly from this carrier today that pilots said they took whatever bombs happened to be closest to the flight deck. The crews, working to the strains of the Lone Ranger theme, often passed up the projectile of choice . . . because it took too long to load. New York Times reporter Maureen Dowd wrote,  With the Iraqi leader facing military defeat, Mr. Bush decided that he would rather gamble on a violent and potentially unpopular ground war than risk the alternative: an imperfect settlement hammered out by the Soviets and Iraqis that world opinion might accept as tolerable. In short, rather than accept the offer of Iraq to surrender and leave the field of battle, Bush and the US military strategists decided simply to kill as many Iraqis as they possibly could while the chance lasted Continue this story at ROAR MagazineREAD MORE IRAQ NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Iraq Files",0
22606,"David Icke on The Hillary, Donald & Bernie Show","21st Century Wire says Author David Icke breaks down the US electoral dog and pony show, staring Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. There s no business like show business.  ",0
22607,"WHEN IN ROME: Erdogan Thugs Rough-up Press, Protesters in Washington – No Outrage From White House","21st Century Wire says NATO s ugly stepchild, Turkey, has been having trouble of late.After shooting down a Russian jet back in November and then lying about it after-the-fact, Turkey was then exposed for its seedy role in facilitating the flow of oil stolen by ISIS from Syria, and then sent into Turkey.In addition to shifting ISIS oil, it was then revealed how weapons and terrorists have been moving freely into Northern Syria from Turkey   with the full knowledge of the Turkish security services. The Turkish MP who broke this story was then charged with treason by the Erdogan government. If that wasn t enough, Turkey then began a campaign of state oppression by targeting journalists and newspapers who were critical of leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan s political machine (still clinging to power in Ankara). The embattled authoritarian regime then took its act on the road, to a city which always welcomes its dictators with open arms  Washington DC.Unfortunately, Erdogan s henchmen thought they were still in Ankara when they attacked journalists and protesters yesterday in the nation s capital. Erdogan s thugs forgot they were in the US, where some press and citizens still have rights.As expected, total silence on the incident by President Obama and his US State Department. Silence is consent. Of course, if this happened at a Donald Trump event, we would never hear the end of it from the media and the Obama administration   but because it s by a NATO member (and an actual fascist government), well then, that s perfectly acceptable for mandarins in Washington.Clearly, Turkey s media crackdown knows no borders  RTThe security detail for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan clashed with opposing activists for the second day in a row in Washington, DC, removing journalists and even confronting city police after law enforcement refused to remove protesters from the area.With Erdogan set to give a speech at the Brookings Institute on Thursday, a group of protesters opposing his crackdown on free speech in Turkey, his government s treatment of the country s Kurdish population, and what they say is his tolerance of Islamic State, gathered near the DC-based think tank to express their opposition.Protesters chanting"" #Erdogan is commander in chief of ISIS"" outside the Brookings where he is speaking soon pic.twitter.com/EE1akSSHeO  Paulina Leonovich (@Polly_evro) March 31, 2016The scene quickly devolved into chaos as demonstrators tried to get closer to Brookings, with journalists tweeting that Erdogan s security scuffled with protesters.Erdogan s security detail became physical with reporters, removing one journalist from Brookings, kicking another, and throwing a female reporter to the sidewalk, according to Foreign Policy magazine.Journalist Adem Yavuz Arslan has been kicked out of #Brookings building by Erdogan's men. They are pressuring Brookings to take me out, too  Ali H. Aslan (@aliHaslan) March 31, 2016Continue this story at RTREAD MORE TURKEY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Turkey Files",0
22608,BOILER ROOM – EP #50 – 1 Year Anniversary Extravaganza!!!,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire, Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis, Branko Malic of Kali Tribune fame and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East.  Tonight the Boiler Gang is in celebration mode as we ve hit our one year broadcast anniversary, accolades will be given, classic clips will be played and new analysis will be found on Brussels, Syria, Palmyra We re going over media fakery with Jay Dyer an the crew, be it in Brussels, Paris, Boston or San Bernardino.  If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! REFERENCE LINKS:",0
22609,False Flag Attack Against Cuba: A Plan Hatched by the Pentagon,"21st Century Wire says Just because it happened in the 1960s doesn t mean it can t happen today.For example, consider Flight MH17. Behold, its progenitor  Brasscheck TV False flag  means carrying out a terrorist act and blaming in on another party. In the early 60s, the Pentagon crafted a plan to blow a US passenger plane out of the sky and blame it on the Cubans government to justify an invasion and take over of the country. It was called,  Operation Northwoods.  It was only rejected when it reached the White House. Otherwise, the military was 100% ready act act on it. The coincidence of yet another high profile terrorist act in Europe at the very same time that Obama was in Cuba brought this dark reality of American history to mind.Are there  official  forces who would, in order to advance their own agenda, bomb Belgium civilians and blame it on  Middle Eastern terrorists ?History says: Yes  ",0
22610,US BOOTS: US Marines Deployed For Ground Combat in Iraq (to defend oil fields),"21st Century Wire says Back to square one. Quietly, president Barack Obama is deploying more and more US troops in Iraq, not necessarily to  fight ISIS , but firstly to guard the Iraqi oil fields.Notice how this announcement is perfectly timed with the Iraqi Army s military offensive this week to retake the supposed  ISIS stronghold  of Mosul in Northern Iraq.Will a new Kurdistan rise from the ashes of this geopolitical conundrum, or will it just be more instability?There s more to this new trend than meets the eye. Watch this space  Fighting Centers on Key Town of MakhmurJason Ditz  Antiwar.comEven as Pentagon officials have sought to emphasize their claims of ISIS being  on the run,  ever more US ground troops are being deployed into Iraq to try to cope with ISIS offensives, with the battle of Makhmur leading to the introduction of US Marines in front-line combat roles.Officials are trying to downplay the operation as  force protection  for Iraqi ground troops, who have been massing in the area in an effort to ultimately launch an attack on the ISIS-held city of Mosul, not far away.The explanation is unsatisfying for several reasons, but primarily because this  tactical assembly area  already includes thousands of Iraqi troops and Kurdish Peshmerga, and these are the same troops who are supposed to attack Mosul. Yet these troops are apparently unable to even hold Makhmur, let alone advance toward Mosul.The Makhmur District is also a key to holding oil fields around Kirkuk, and the ISIS offensive is seen by many analysts as part of an effort to ultimately regain control over those lucrative oil fields, and have been  outgunning  the thousands of Iraqi troops in the area.Whether they re trying to save Iraqi ground troops who still can t stand up to ISIS, or save oil fields, however, the latest escalation puts US troops even further in harm s way, and has put the war even further afield from the  no boots on the ground  affair initially promised by the Obama Administration.READ MORE IRAQ NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Iraq Files",0
22611,The moment Ben Affleck realized that ‘Batman V Superman’ was a $400 million flop,"21st Century Wire says Does Hollywood do anything other than comic book remakes any more? The latest over-budget chimera, Batman V Superman, cost around $410 million to make. You d think they could squeeze a decent film out of that. You d think. He hasn t felt this low since Gigli , said the Huff Post. Movie star Ben Affleck may have just beaten Chris Christie for this year s most vacant stare. Watch: READ MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood Files",0
22612,Microsoft Pulls New A.I. Robot After It Went on Pro-Hitler Twitter Rant,"Microsoft Pulls Robot After Posted Tweets Like  Hitler Was Right I Hate the Jews  HaaretzMicrosoft put the brakes on its artificial intelligence tweeting robot after it posted several offensive comments, including  Hitler was right I hate the jews. The so-called chatbot TayTweets was launched by the Seattle-based software company on Wednesday as an experiment in artificial intelligence, or AI, and conversational understanding. But the company was forced to quickly pause the account and delete the vast majority of its tweets after the chatbot posted a number of offensive comments, including several that were admiring of Adolf Hitler.Along with  Hitler was right I hate the jews,  among other offending tweets, according to the International Business Times, were  Bush did 9/11 and Hitler would have done a better job than the monkey we have now. Donald Trump is the only hope we ve got. Asked if the Holocaust happened, the chatbot replied:  It was made up,  followed by an emoji of clapping hands. The robot also tweeted its support for genocide against Mexicans and said it  hates n s,  according to the International Business Times.In a statement to IBTimes UK, Microsoft said it was making some changes Continue this story at HaaretzREAD MORE A.I. NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire A.I. Files",0
22613,‘America Is Under Israeli Occupation’ by Dahlia Wasfi,"21st Century Wire says The following video presented by US-based activist Dahlia Wasfi was posted in 2012 but it remains extremely relevant today when one considers the current trajectory of instability in the the Middle East.WATCH  BIBI: Knows the US Congress is bought and paid for. Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs (JINSA) dvisory board includes such notable figures as Michael Ledeen, Richard Perle, and R. James Woolsey, while Vice President Dick Cheney, former U.S. Representative to the United Nations John Bolton, and former Undersecretary of Defense for Policy Douglas Feith were all on JINSA s Board of Advisors before they entered the Bush administration. Jason Vest, writing in The Nation, alleges that JINSA, along with Frank Gaffney s Center for Security Policy, are  underwritten by far-right American Zionists  and both believe strongly that  regime change  by any means necessary in Iraq, Iran, Syria, Saudi Arabia and the Palestinian Authority is an urgent imperative.  SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22614,Hillary Flip-Flop Highlight Reel,"21st Century Wire says As political smoke screens go, Hillary Clinton s is rather impressive.As Secretary of State, despite leaving an absolute disaster in the Middle East and North Africa in her wake, the media appear to have given her a free pass. What s more revealing, however, are the flip-flops. They seem to be endless.It s part and parcel of that time honored tradition in American politics: say whatever you have to at that moment in order to appear on the right side of a given audience   and never, ever take ownership of anything you ve ever said previous to that moment.Here s a compilation of Hillary Clinton flip-flopping and bending reality for 13 straight minutes  ",0
22615,"BOILER ROOM – EP #49 – WHAT is REAL: Brussels, Yemen, Trump?","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Randy J of 21Wire, Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis, Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East, Basil Valentine of Sunday Wire fame and Andy Nowicki of Alt Right Blogspot. In this broadcast listeners will be hearing us go around the BOILER ROOM on the Brussels Attack, Yemen, Trump, Cruz, Voter Fraud, Real Time Face mapping video effects and more! If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! REFERENCE LINKS:",0
22616,(Don’t Hold The Press) Jeb Bush Endorses Ted Cruz For President,"21st Century Wire says OK. As political endorsements go, this one is about as sexy as a box of Wheaties.This exciting development comes just hours after Cruz was declared the winner in Utah s GOP primary contest.Now if it was Barbara giving the honors, then we might be intrigued  Of course, we should be so lucky   Huff PostFormer Florida Gov. Jeb Bush is endorsing Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) for president, Politico reported. Bush, who dropped out of the race last month, confirmed the endorsement on Wednesday in an email from the Cruz campaign. Ted is a consistent, principled conservative who has demonstrated the ability to appeal to voters and win primary contests, including yesterday s Utah caucus, Bush said on Facebook.The statement also went out in an email to supporters from the Cruz campaign, the New York Times said.   Jeeebbbbbbbb. For the sake of our party and country, we must move to overcome the divisiveness and vulgarity Donald Trump has brought into the political arena, or we will certainly lose our chance to defeat the Democratic nominee and reverse President Obama s failed policies,  Bush said Continue this story at Huff PostREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22617,THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL RACE: Do Our Votes Really Matter?,"By James PerloffMy friend Rachael McIntosh was an alternate delegate at the 2012 Republican Convention in Tampa, Florida, representing Ron Paul for the state of Rhode Island.Rachael had worked for a private defense contractor for years. Awakened by the corruption and darkness she witnessed, she left the defense industry, and began working tirelessly toward getting Ron Paul elected. She has fictionalized her experiences in a superbly written trilogy of novels, Security through Absurdity.The Tampa convention was supposed to begin on Monday, August 27. Ron Paul was originally slated to speak, but the convention was cancelled for that evening due to the threat of a  hurricane.  The hurricane turned out to be no more than a brisk rainstorm. Rachael and many other Ron Paul delegates braved it that morning and went to the convention center (the Tampa Bay Times Forum, a sports complex) to watch Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus officially proclaim the delay. After the gravel had been struck and the chairman left the stage, the delegates found themselves watching a movie glorifying Mitt Romney. At the film s conclusion, Rachael heard ear-splitting applause. But when she looked around, almost no one was cheering. The applause was  canned the type sports stadiums pipe in when the home team is losing and their spectators show low enthusiasm.The next day at her hotel, Rachael s husband called and said:  Hey, I watched it yesterday and the crowd was really diggin  Romney.  Rachael had to break the news: what he (and the rest of America) heard on TV had been faked.The real blow to the Ron Paul people came when the Republican National Committee made last-minute rule changes. Under the existing rules, Paul had won enough primaries and caucuses (five) to have his name placed in nomination. Under the newrules, the required number of states would be increased to eight, thus rendering Paul s nomination impossible. Mitt Romney, who had already won sufficient delegates through dirty tricks during the primaries to become the  presumptive nominee,  would also be granted power to replace duly elected delegates with people of his own choosing.Naturally, Paul s delegates were anxious to vote on the rule changes. However, the convention busses showed up at their hotels late. The driver of Rachael s bus didn t seem to know the way to the convention center, got stuck in traffic, and took about two hours to complete the trip. By the time most of the Paul delegates reached the center, and passed through its heavy security, the vote was already over. Mitt Romney would be the Republican Convention s  unanimous  choice.Ron Paul was still offered a chance to make a speech, but only under two conditions: (1) that he endorse Romney; and (2) that the Republic National Committee first vet and approve the speech. Under these conditions, Paul acted on integrity and declined to speak.A word should be added about the media in Tampa. On the convention s last day, Rachael dressed up in funeral black and handed out cards offering condolences to America upon the loss of the democratic process. She gave one to a leading news journalist who said  I love it.  When Rachael asked if he would do a story on it, he literally replied:  It doesn t fit the pre-scripted narrative. Sorry. That the media was bound to a  pre-scripted narrative  was later proven when a brawl broke out between the Romney and Paul delegates, complete with screaming, pushing and shoving, right by the entrance to the press boxes (CNN, Fox, MSNBC, etc.). Although the brawl should have been  news,  not a single journalist emerged with a camera to record it. After all, it didn t fit the  pre-scripted narrative namely, that Republicans unanimously supported Mitt Romney.What lesson can we draw from Rachael s experience? The same one that people have been learning the hard way for decades: that regardless of much you work for a Presidential candidate, the PTB (Powers That Be) will railroad their candidate to the top. The following quote from my 1988 book The Shadows of Power refers to the election year of 1952:At the Republican nominating convention,  dirty tricks  abounded. The rules for selecting delegates were changed: Taft delegations from Georgia, Louisiana, and Texas were thrown out and replaced by Eisenhower supporters. I.e., the same sort of tactics that Ron Paul s supporters faced in 2012 were used at the GOP Convention 60 years earlier. I ll add that Dwight Eisenhower had no previous affiliation with the Republican Party; the Democratic Party had tried to draft him in 1948, and President Harry Truman (Democrat) had approached him about running on the same ticket. Above: Nixon and Eisenhower at the 1952 conventionLet s kick it back to 1940. Seven weeks before the GOP Convention, a poll showed only three percent of Republicans favored candidate Wendell Willkie, who, prior to that year, had been a registered Democrat. But with powerful magic, Willkie got the nomination. Ten-term Congressman Usher Burdick of North Dakota said of this:We Republicans in the west want to know if Wall Street and the international bankers control our party and can select our candidate? I believe I am serving the best interests of the Republican Party by protesting and exposing the machinations and attempts of J.P. Morgan and the New York utility bankers in forcing Wendell Willkie on the Republican Party. . . .There is nothing to the Willkie boom for President except the artificial public opinion being created by newspapers, magazines, and the radio. The reason back of all this is money. Money is being spent by someone, and lots of it. PHOTO: Wendell Willkie PHOTO: Usher Burdick (right) in 1958 with Ezra PoundFor those who wonder if such phenomena only happen to Republicans, Bernie Sanders can already  feel the spurn.  He won New Hampshire by a landslide (60 to 38 percent) only to discover that Hillary Clinton had been awarded the majority of delegates. This is because the Democratic Party has 717  superdelegates  who support whomever they prefer, regardless of the wishes of voters or primary results.Go back to 1976. According to a Gallup poll, just seven months before the Democratic National Convention, less than four percent of Democratic voters favored Jimmy Carter for President. What happened? As Lawrence Shoup noted in The Carter Presidency and Beyond:What Carter had that his opponents did not was the acceptance and support of elite sectors of the mass communications media. It was their favorable coverage of Carter and his campaign that gave him an edge, propelling him rocket-like to the top of the opinion polls. This helped Carter win key primary election victories, enabling him to rise from an obscure public figure to President-elect in the short space of 9 months.How did Carter acquire this media following? It began at a dinner with Republican David Rockefeller  kingmaker of the Establishment at the latter s Tarrytown, New York estate. Also present was Zbigniew Brzezinski, who helped Rockefeller found the internationalist Trilateral Commission, and whom Carter would later appoint National Security Adviser. The media blitz included adulatory pieces in the New York Times, and a Wall Street Journal editorial declaring that Carter was the best Democratic candidate. Before the nominating convention, his picture appeared on the cover of Time three times, and Newsweek twice. Time s cover artists were even instructed to make him look as much as possible like John F. Kennedy. The TV networks inundated the public with his image.As former Arizona Senator Barry Goldwater said:David Rockefeller and Zbigniew Brzezinski found Jimmy Carter to be their ideal candidate. They helped him win the nomination and the presidency. To accomplish this purpose, they mobilized the money power of the Wall Street bankers, the intellectual influence of the academic community   which is subservient to the wealth of the great tax-free foundations   and the media controllers represented in the membership of the CFR and the Trilateral.If you want to glimpse how far back this sort of power-brokering goes, read Ferdinand Lundberg s 1937 classic America s Sixty Families. He related how, a century ago, the rich were scorning voters and maneuvering their own choices into nominations, whether a Democrat like Woodrow Wilson in 1912 or a Republican like Herbert Hoover in 1928.The 2016 RaceWhat about this year? Who have the  PTB  anointed to become President? While I am of course not privy to their conclaves, I believe their chosen one, as I stated in my blog post of February 15, is Hillary Clinton. There are several indicators:(1) Despite her  anti-Wall Street  rhetoric, Hillary receives by far the most donations from Wall Street of any candidate. Jeb Bush competed with her for that distinction, but since Jeb s personality proved too lackluster to muster enough votes to stay in the race, Hillary holds the honor alone. Above: Hillary partakes in groundbreaking ceremony for Goldman Sachs  new headquarters in 2005. (2) Of the viable candidates, only Hillary is committed to 100 percent of the Rothschild agenda:  pro  War on Terror    pro Israel   pro gun control   pro GMO (Monsanto)   pro population control (abortion, vaccines, etc.)   pro  climate change  control   pro mass immigration   pro Internet censorship   pro gay agenda   pro TPP (she is currently backing off on this because of voter concern about jobs, but before running she said  This TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements, and was a strong proponent of the job-destroying NAFTA and GATT agreements)(3) I ll interject here that Rachael McIntosh told me she believes that in 2008, an understanding was reached concerning Obama and Clinton, both of whom were running that year. Obama would become the first black President; Hillary s turn would arrive in due time, and she would become the first woman President. Having a black or woman in the Oval Office, of course, gives the public the illusion that they are  empowered  and that the Establishment has somehow been stymied, whereas in fact both Obama and Hillary are flunkies for the Establishment. I agree with Rachael s assessment 100 percent.And so it was that Obama appointed Hillary his Secretary of State, a move clearly intended to give her a  foreign policy expertise  credential for the 2016 Presidential campaign. After Clinton left the position (2013), CBS began airing (2014) its still-running drama Madam Secretary, all about a blonde woman Secretary of State. Subliminal Advertising: Hollywood began campaigning for Hillary Clinton in 2014.  Beginning with the very first episode, in which  Madam Secretary  rescued American hostages held in Syria, viewers would receive a weekly dose of subliminal propaganda for Hillary s campaign, portraying her as beautiful, heroic, honest and competent.(4) Prior to being Secretary of State, Hillary served as U.S. Senator from New York. She had never lived in New York before, but the state is the center of America s banking industry, and has been a launching point for Presidential candidates such as the Roosevelts. Serving a Senate term, of course, would also give Hillary an important  can work with Congress  credential for her Presidential run. There is considerable Internet buzz that John F. Kennedy, Jr., who had long lived in New York, was planning to run for the Senate in 2000, the same year as Clinton. The handsome son of the popular President would likely have defeated Clinton, adding interest to Kennedy s death in a suspicious plane crash on July 16, 1999, especially in light of what has been termed the Clinton Body Count.(5) Perhaps most importantly, the Establishment has already marked Hillary with their stamp of approval by entrusting her with two terms in the White House. Yes, Bill Clinton was President then, but if Hillary is elected, Bill will of course be returning.Will the email or Benghazi scandals derail her Presidential bid? I doubt it. During Bill s tenure, the Clintons were plagued by innumerable scandals besides mysterious deaths: sex charges, perjury, Whitewater,  Chinagate,   Travelgate,  drug allegations connected with his Arkansas governorship, Hillary s incredible cattle futures profits, etc. Yet although many pundits back then claimed these scandals would lead to impeachment, the Clintons always remained untouched by justice. So far, nothing seems to have changed. However, Hillary s scandals do give the Establishment a blackmailer s leash on her; i.e., if she ever steps out of line, prosecutions could suddenly materialize.What about the other candidates currently running? All of them share some of Hillary s positions, but none do 100 percent. Bernie Sanders is too opposed to banker bailouts to be acceptable, even though the Establishment is OK with his socialism (since, in an illusional democracy, empowering government empowers them). Cruz s wife Heidi is a former term member of the Council on Foreign Relations and a vice president at Goldman Sachs, from whom Cruz s Senate campaign received a million-dollar loan; but his positions on matters like abortion, gun control and immigration don t pass muster Continue this story at James PerloffREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22618,There’s Something Hokey About Ted,"21st Century Wire says At some point, the political theatric become too much. Read my lips.Amid mixed reviews, we ve seen this new genre on YouTube before, but it really came into its own when the creators produced this parody on Republican presidential candidate Rafael Edward Cruz, commonly known in the media as  Ted .What is it about Cruz that lends itself to such a hokey spoof? Could it be Cruz s crusading televangelist schtick?Watch:  ",0
22619,President Obama Arrives in Cuba," USA TODAYHAVANA  The wheels of Air Force One touched down at Jose Marti International Airport for the first time ever at 4:19 p.m. Sunday, kicking off a history-making presidential visit and breaking decades of tense relations with communist Cuba.It s the same single-runway airport the CIA once bombed in the 1960s, and whose broken-down Russian-built airplanes and colorful, antiquated terminals give testimony to the impact of 50 years of U.S. sanctions and diplomatic isolation.But as he descended the stairway under an umbrella, President Obama was greeted warmly on the tarmac by Cuban Foreign Minister Bruno Rodriguez, who presented First Lady Michelle Obama and her daughters with flowers. A small crowd gathered on the reviewing stand, but their cheers were subdued by the 84-degree drizzle.Cuba s Ministry of Foreign Affairs announced Sunday that 974 reporters from 202 news outlets from 50 countries were in Havana to cover Obama s trip Continue this story at USA TODAYREAD MORE CUBA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Cuba Files",0
22620,Clinton Emails: How Google Worked With Hillary to Try and Overthrow Syria’s Assad,"21st Century Wire says The Silicon Valley s technotronic oligarchy has been exposed as a mere extension of the CIA in terms of playing a role in Washington s state policy of regime change in Syria.This latest email release reveals how then US Secretary of State, and now Democratic presidential favorite Hillary Clinton colluded with executives at Google to launch a digital PR onslaught against the president of Syria, Bashar al Assad. This is all part of Google s  color revolution business, and also part of the Smart Power Complex used to manufacture public consent for humanitarian interventions  globally.The leak also reveals how Qatari network Al Jazeera played an active role in this plot too. Al Jazeera has already been caught repeatedly manipulating international news throughout the Middle East.In a just world, Hillary would be held to account by the mainstream media for this revelation, but it seems that it s just being ignored by the mainstream gatekeepers  Rudy Takala Washington ExaminerGoogle in 2012 sought to help insurgents overthrow Syrian President Bashar Assad, according to State Department emails receiving fresh scrutiny this week.Messages between former secretary of state Hillary Clinton s team and one of the company s executives detailed the plan for Google to get involved in the region. Please keep close hold, but my team is planning to launch a tool   that will publicly track and map the defections in Syria and which parts of the government they are coming from,  Jared Cohen, the head of what was then the company s  Google Ideas  division, wrote in a July 2012 email to several top Clinton officials. Our logic behind this is that while many people are tracking the atrocities, nobody is visually representing and mapping the defections, which we believe are important in encouraging more to defect and giving confidence to the opposition,  Cohen said, adding that the plan was for Google to surreptitiously give the tool to Middle Eastern media.Hillary Emails: Google tried to boost Assad defections https://t.co/lyma4eJp9a More: https://t.co/ZUfh7WDAT5 pic.twitter.com/nvNG0lFJWt  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 19, 2016 Given how hard it is to get information into Syria right now, we are partnering with Al-Jazeera who will take primary ownership over the tool we have built, track the data, verify it, and broadcast it back into Syria,  he said. Please keep this very close hold and let me know if there is anything [else] you think we need to account for or think about before we launch. We believe this can have an important impact,  Cohen concluded The message was addressed to deputy secretary of state Bill Burns; Alec Ross, a senior Clinton advisor; and Clinton s deputy chief of staff, Jake Sullivan. Sullivan subsequently forwarded Cohen s proposal to Clinton, describing it as  a pretty cool idea. Cohen worked as a low-level staffer at the State Department until 2010, when he was hired to lead Google Ideas, but was tied to the use of social media to incite social uprisings even before he left the department. He once reportedly asked Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey to hold off of conducting system maintenance that officials believed could have impeded a brief 2009 uprising in Iran Continue this story at Washington ExaminerREAD MORE SMART POWER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Smart Power Files",0
22621,Ron Paul: ‘I Can’t Support Trump if He’s GOP Pick’ and ‘Neocons Will Love Hillary’," David Sherfinski Washington TimesFormer Texas Rep. Ron Paul said Friday he couldn t support GOP presidential front-runner Donald Trump if Mr. Trump wins the party s nomination, saying Mr. Trump s views on the scope of executive authority could surpass those of President Obama. No, I couldn t do that, Mr. Paul said on Fox Business Network when asked if he would support Mr. Trump, should the billionaire businessman win the GOP nomination.  He s [the] opposite of a libertarian. Mr. Paul, a three-time presidential candidate, said on foreign policy, Mr. Trump probably wouldn t be that much different than former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton, the Democratic front-runner. I think the die-hard neoconservatives would not be that extremely unhappy with Hillary, Mr. Paul said. Trump is going to be the most efficient [at] using the executive orders,  he said.  He ll say this is the way it is, you know. Obama was pretty arrogant. If you don t do it, [the] Congress, I ll write an order Continue this story at Washington TimesREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22622,ART OF WAR: What’s Behind Russia’s ‘Ides of March’ Military Drawdown in Syria?," Appear weak when you are strong, and strong when you are weak.    Sun Tzu, The Art of War21st Century Wire asks What s behind Russia s decision to drawdown military support in Syria?  MAKING A DEAL    Putin making a strategic deal before the Geneva III talks. (Photo link theaustralian)This week Russia scaled back its military campaign against ISIS targets in Syria, after systematically directing months of successful airstrikes on terror groups within the embattled nation.Russia s partial departure and tenuous cease-fire in Syria, is a symbolic one, not only for the haunting  Ides of March  historical significance, but also because it marks the five-year anniversary of Syria s so-called  Arab Spring. When the campaign to topple Syrian leadership first began, we were told there was a legitimate grass-roots uprising sweeping across North Africa then through Middle East. The mainstream media gleefully exulted it s praise as an organic movement of change, widely hailed as the  Arab Spring . While the  Spring  was sold to the public as a large protest movement, it was proven to be a well orchestrated socially engineered political uprising used to gain a foothold over Syria   opening the door for Western intervention.Back in February, 21WIRE reported that ISIS jihadists were in fact fleeing from Syria, following the destruction of their operational bases within the country: Colonel Steve Warren of the US-led coalition said the terror group s leadership has shifted its base of operations from Syria and Iraq, into Libya after facing immense bombardment: We believe this failure is due to several factors, the first and foremost I believe is the presence of devastating coalition air power. The Whitehouse added that ISIS is also now seeking to send jihadist recruits into Libya instead of Syria and Iraq. While US leadership mentioned that devastating coalition air power  led to Syria s good fortune, it failed to directly discuss Russia s large role in silencing ISIS and other known militant fighting groups (some of who are still referred to by Washington as  moderate rebels ) through air campaigns of their own.To anyone paying attention to the battleground in Syria, the message was clear   Washington now fully acknowledges the eventual eradication of many ISIS fighters, leading US policy makers to rethink their regime change strategy.Recently, 21WIRE discussed a more cynical lens with which to view the cease-fire deal in Syria, noting that this peace agreement, could very well turn out to be a political ploy crafted by Pentagon war makers looking to re-arm militants in the region: This latest diplomatic development certainly appears positive on its surface, this week s declared  Syrian Ceasefire    a three-way agreement between Washington, Russia and the Syrian government (and begrudgingly by the West s other regional  stakeholders ) looks increasingly like it may just be the latest attempt to buy time   so that Washington, Turkey and Saudi Arabia can re-arm and replenish various militant fighting groups currently laying waste to Syria. Continuing, we see the West s failure following the loss of proxy militants and why this brokered deal is perhaps their only political play at the moment: The Washington-led Axis has gradually lost proxy-control of a number of key terrorist strongholds in Northern Syria, namely in Aleppo, and thus are unable to dictate crucial  facts on the ground  required to dictate the international media and political narratives. Unable to craft and package these narratives, the West and its dubious  coalition  are completely unable to sell an escalation of military violence in Syria. From a propaganda perspective, the latest military move by Russia has prompted policy makers at Western think-tanks to characterize the strategic decision as a sign of a rift between Putin and Assad   but as we ll see in the Sputnik News article below, the timing of the military drawdown has everything to do with the upcoming peace talk negotiations in Geneva.More from Sputnik below   ART OF WAR    Syria s struggles appear to move from the battlefield to the boardroom. (Photo illustration Shawn Helton of 21WIRE)Andrew KorybkoSputnik NewsThe Western and Mideast mainstream media are frenziedly spinning Russia s planned drawdown from Syria as a military defeat and a betrayal of its key ally, but just exactly who is betraying whom? President Putin announced that Russia will begin drawing down its military forces in Syria on 15 March, popularly known as the Ides of March and infamous for being the day that Emperor Julius Caesar was stabbed to death by his own allies.While it may have been chosen innocently enough, the date is rich with symbolism and is quite fitting in describing the changing dynamics that are presently at play in the Mideast.On this peculiar day of the year when things are typically not as they may initially seem to be, what s being popularly portrayed as a  defeat  and  betrayal  is anything but, while the ones doing the premature celebrating are ironically the very same forces that should be concerned the most.Nearly two millennia after the Ides of March were fatefully enshrined in history, it s no longer the Roman Emperor that s being betrayed by his allies, but the Turkish and Saudi ones that are being backstabbed by the US.The DrawdownPresidents Putin and Assad coordinated the decision to decrease the Russian troop presence in Syria, agreeing that the anti-terrorist operation had completed its stated aims of  combating terrorism and the restoration of security and stability to many regions in Syria .In particular, Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu proclaimed that his country  carried out more than 9,000 flights  which contributed to  the Syrian troops liberating 400 towns and over 10,000 square kilometres of territory. The reader is encouraged to consult The Saker s latest article if they re interested in a detailed analysis of everything that Russia has accomplished thus far, but the present piece will now move on to describing the intent behind the drawdown and the contingency measures that are in place for defending Syria from any large-scale aggression against it.From the Battlefield to the Boardroom:Russia s announcement was timed to coincide with the resumption of the Geneva III talks and clearly carries with it the symbolic message that Moscow is doubling down on its diplomatic commitment in resolving the War on Syria.A de-jure partition is absolutely off the table and prohibited by UNSC Res. 2254, but there s a creeping fear among many that a de-facto one could occur if federalization is ever implemented.It s perhaps for this reason why the Syrian government and its people are currently not in favor of this approach, and for curious readers who are wondering exactly what could be so bad about federalization, the author welcomes them to read his earlier published research on the topic that s available at Russia s National Institute for Research of Global Security.After five and a half months of operation, Russia s anti-terrorist air operation has succeeded in the herculean task of bringing the War on Syria to its final logical phase, which is the protracted negotiation process that has just recommenced.The conflict has thus shifted from the battlefield to the boardroom, but in the lamentable event that foreign actors influence their political surrogates to sabotage the ongoing talks and reinitiate large-scale hostilities, Russia has a few back-up measures up its sleeve to make sure that Syria isn t left unsecured.More at Sputnik News READ MORE SYRIAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 21st Century Wire Syria Files ",0
22623,U.S. Senate Passes Bipartisan Bill Claims to Facilitate ‘Better Public Access’ to Gov’t Records,"21st Century Wire says..We ll believe it  when, and if we are even allowed to see it (redacted) Mary Clare Jalonick AP/All GovWASHINGTON   The Senate on Tuesday backed legislation to make it easier for Americans to obtain government records.The bipartisan bill, passed by voice vote, would require federal agencies to consider the release of government information under  a presumption of openness  as opposed to a presumption that the information is secret.The legislation aims to reduce the amount of exemptions the government uses to withhold information and would create a single portal through which individuals can submit a Freedom of Information Act, or FOIA, request. Currently, FOIA requests are handled by each separate agency, each with its own rules about how to submit a request. Today s vote sends a clear message that the American people have a fundamental right to know what their government is doing,  Cornyn said.( ) We cannot leave it to the next president to decide how open the government should be,  Leahy said.  We have to hold all presidents and their administrations accountable to the highest standard. Republicans in Congress have complained that the Obama administration hasn t been fully transparent in sharing records with lawmakers and the public, while the White House has criticized Congress for exempting itself from the requirements. FOIA does not apply to Congress.The House passed a similar bill in January. Because the two bills are not identical, the House will have to act again to send the legislation to President Barack Obama. Maryland Rep. Rep. Elijah Cummings, the top Democrat on the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, urged Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., to promptly pass the Senate bill, saying FOIA reform is long overdue Continue this story at All GovREAD MORE FOIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire FOIA Files",0
22624,"OREGON: Feds Cover-up Foul Play in Finicum Death, Feds’ Shell Casings ‘Have Gone Missing’","21st Century Wire says As it turns out, we were right about the ambush, and we were right about the cover-up. After all this, the quislings at the The Oregonian are still trying to tart-up this FBI and OSP debacle by calling it a  traffic stop . While forced to now admit that there was foul play on the infallible government s part, mainstream media gatekeepers are still trying to paint the incident as a  traffic stop    which is beyond a joke.Get ready for another government-issued  magic bullet  fairy tale to protect the hired guns.How long before we can call this an assassination? New findings by law enforcement officials suggest that an FBI agent on the scene of the fatal shooting of Bundy-affiliated protester LaVoy Finicum during a Jun. 26 felony stop might have fired two shots that were not reported, and agents on the scene might have disposed of bullet casings to cover them up.According to The Oregonian, investigators believe that the shots were fired approximately at the moment at which LaVoy Finicum was exiting his truck with his hands up, prior to when he appears to reach into his jacket and is shot by two Oregon State Police troopers. The above-embedded slow-motion video shows the moment at which investigators believe the shots were fired.Deschutes County Sheriff Shane Nelson and Malheur County District Attorney Dan Norri, who investigated the incident, concluded that the Oregon State Police officers were justified in shooting Finicum, but also announced that they believe that an FBI agent took two unreported shots and then lied about it. The U.S. Department of Justice has subsequently launched a criminal investigation into the conduct of the FBI agents on the scene.The Oregonian s Les Zaitz wrote,  A state trooper later described to investigators seeing two rifle casings in the area where the [FBI] agents were posted. Detectives tasked with collecting evidence didn t find the casings, police reports indicate. He added,  FBI aerial surveillance video shows that before the detectives could get there, the FBI agents searched the area with flashlights and then huddled, according to law enforcement sources who have seen the video. The group then broke and one agent appeared to bend over twice and pick up something near where the two shots likely were taken. Police reports indicate that detectives showed up to collect evidence around 90 minutes after the moment in the surveillance video in which the FBI agent appeared to pick items up from the ground.All of the FBI agents on the scene that day claimed that they did not take any shots. A state trooper said he had fired three shots while the truck was speeding towards police and two more at Finicum as he was reaching into his jacket after he had exited the vehicle. Police inventory records show that the trooper was missing five rounds after the incident, apparently confirming his story.A fourth bullet hole in the truck came from a different angle of trajectory suggesting that an FBI agent had fired the shot. Investigators believe a second shot, which missed Finicum and did not strike the truck, was also fired by an FBI agent Continue this story at Truth In MediaREAD MORE OREGON STANDOFF NEWS: 21st Century Wire Oregon Files",0
22625,"BOILER ROOM – EP #48 – Agenda 2030 and Beyond with Branko Malić, Patrick Henningsen & Mike Robinson","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Branko Mali of Kali Tribune, Mike Robinson from UK Column and Patrick Henningsen of 21stcenturywire. In this broadcast listeners will be hearing us go around the BOILER ROOM on the encroaching UN Agenda 2030, the European migrant crisis, the US political climate and a variety of other topics on this special edition of THE BOILER ROOM. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE SHOW IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! REFERENCE LINKS:",0
22626,Coke Zero: What Went Wrong With The Marco Rubio Brand?,"Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireAny business expert will tell you that marketing is not an exact science. The same is true in politics, and even more so in this historic election season. As the polls closed yesterday, Republican candidate and US Senator Marco Rubio took to the podium to announce he was finally bowing out the GOP presidential primary race. Front runner Donald Trump nearly swept the board starting with Rubio s home state of Florida, followed by Illinois, North Carolina, Missouri and in US territory Mariana Islands, while Ohio governor John Kasich took the remaining contest winning his first primary race ,in his home state.With 99 delegates at stake in a winner take all contest, Florida was meant to be Rubio s gallant last stand. Even though the polls showed Rubio trailing in double digits before Tuesday, Rubio still insisted he was going to win, and even go on to win the nomination.Marco: A smile you can trust.. Quite frankly, I think a lot of people are going to be embarrassed tonight and are going to want refunds from the money they spent on those polls because we re going to win Florida,  said Rubio.  We feel very optimistic about that. When it was all said and done, Trump beat Rubio 46% to 27% in Florida. A blow out.By the end of his long drive, Rubio had only managed to win one state caucus in Minnesota, leaving him with no real primary victory. To his investors, the truth of the  matter might be almost too painful to comprehend  that beyond all the hype, their man was really a bottom tier candidate.Super Tuesday s humiliating loss was indicative of a Rubio rise  that never rose. Before Tuesday s defeat, no matter how poorly Florida Senator Marco Rubio showed in previous primary elections, and no matter how badly he was polling in his home state of Florida   the media, led by CNN and FOX News, still covered his campaign like he was winning the election. Clearly, there was a concerted and well-coordinated effort by the Republican establishment and major broadcast media outlets to promote Rubio s candidacy well above the actual candidate s weight division.Three weeks ago, in a last-ditch effort to elevate his poll numbers, Rubio tried to out-Trump Trump, by unleashing his own round of back-ally personal verbal insults at the front runner in the hope of pulling The Donald back down to earth. Rubio began publicly calling Trump a  con man  and asserted that Trump had not achieved anything in his business career and along with fellow competitor Ted Cruz, inferred that the billionaire property and entertainment mogul Trump had inherited $200 million dollars from his late father and therefore was not deserving of any accolades. When Trump would joke about Rubio s lack of height (Rubio is 5 8  and Trump is 6 2 ), Rubio hit back joking,  look how small Donald s hands are, and you what they say about men with small hands..  to his crowds roaring with laughter before the Texas primary three weeks earlier.Trump finally hit back with a moniker that Rubio could never shake, renaming him  Little Marco.  LITTLE MARCO: Trump s crude deconstruction of Rubio delivered the final blow.Although their cage match pulled more TV airtime and attention away from a Trump-obsessed media, in the end it backfired horribly for Marco, as America got an uncomfortable snapshot of a nasty and desperate Rubio   hardly the look of stability, moderation and  unity that Rubio marketeers were trying to project, and hardly presidential either.What was most telling about Rubio s response to a situation, partly of his own making, was that Rubio shirked any responsibility for ratcheting-up the rhetoric, and instead tried to blame Trump for the degrading  tone  of the election: This is a frightening, grotesque and disturbing development in American politics,  Rubio said of the violence.  We are being ripped apart at the seams now,  he continued.  I m sad for this country. This is supposed to be the example to the world of how a republic functions and instead people are watching third-world images last night coming out of Chicago. It was too late. The damage was already done. Some pundits were calling it  political suicide  by Rubio   a gross error of political miscalculation on his part. But this would be missing the point because in reality, beyond all the incredible marketing hype, Rubio s campaign never achieved any serious market penetration to begin with.It s important to remember that the establishment firmly believed, and still to this day, that Marco Rubio could be the Republican Party s answer to the marketing sensation that was Barack Obama in 2008. By capitalizing on his youth and his Latino profile, the GOP elite saw this as a  turn-key  marketing solution. Just like a soda pop brand, party and media operatives believed that by positioning Rubio s brand in a highbrow market tier, voters would make the necessary connections and move to act by casting their vote for him. DETATCHED: Darryl Issa throws himself under the bus,, desperate to inflate Rubio before Super Tuesday.On Super Tuesday, the transmission truly fell out of the Rubio marketing machine. After months of boasting about how he would win his home state, Rubio plugger and California Congressman Darryl Issa (R), insisted that,  Marco is leading in early (voting) returns in Florida. Seriously, Congressman Issa?Issa appeared to be carrying water for the GOP establishment by doing the last minute media rounds for kingmaker Mitt Romney, who weeks earlier dropped the gauntlet down on the Trump train during a speech at the University of Utah. Romney,  a former Republican presidential candidate and Massachusetts governor implored his GOP herd to join forces and stop Trump by splitting the votes by voting for Kasich in Ohio, and for Rubio in Florida. Romney hoped  that his divide and conquer strategy would rob Trump of the delegate majority needed to secure the GOP nomination before the Republican National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio this July. JET-SET: Rubio taking instructions from elite off-shoring corporate raider Mitt Romney.Clearly, Romney had staked his claim behind Marco Rubio then, which means that Rubio s collapse in Florida has half deflated Romney s Revolt.Romney continued to dig a hole for himself in Florida before Super Tuesday by recording an automated  Robo-call used to phone prospective Marco Rubio voters in Florida, nearly begging voters to cast ballots for,  a candidate who can defeat Hillary Clinton and who can make us proud. The recorded message went on:  If we Republicans were to choose Donald Trump as our nominee, I believe that the prospects for a safe and prosperous future would be greatly diminished   and I m convinced Donald Trump would lose to Hillary Clinton. Making Robo-calls for a candidate who people were already calling  a Robot , wasn t exactly a smart move by Romney.Far from swinging the election towards Rubio, what Mitt Romney really proved was that money and power can t buy common sense.Ghost RunFor anyone who actually bothered to look close enough, hints of Rubio s collapse were everywhere, but you wouldn t know if from media coverage over the last two months. If not for favorable network face-time on the GOP TV debates, along with Rubio s elite financier backers like billionaire Paul Singer and Cayman hedge fund raider Romney, it s safe to say that Rubio s numbers might had been well below those of his fellow non-starter, Ohio Governor John Kasich.Rubio-linked multi-million dollar Super PAC funds pulled out all the stops against Trump too, launching a social media tidal wave of anti-Trump messages before the Florida primary:If every Rubio supporter makes 1 phone call #MarcoRubio will win! Convince 1 voter to vote for Marco! #CallForMarco pic.twitter.com/d8wOKZWFA4  Stop Trump PAC (@StopTrumpPAC) March 15, 2016Last Wednesday, Rubio hired out a football stadium to stage a homecoming rally in his own state. Unfortunately, no one showed up. TV cameras had to be moved forward into a tiny area around the field s goal posts in order to make the rally look as if more than a few hundred people bothered to show up. Far from jovial and inspirational, the atmosphere was that of deflation and despondency. It was tragic.Rubio stadium event in Hialeah. Stands empty; crowd in one end zone. pic.twitter.com/9zj0xslwSA  Byron York (@ByronYork) March 9, 2016 And when the cameras zoomed-in, it looked like this:The crowd in Hialeah is fired up for @marcorubio tonight! #FLforMarco #FLPrimary pic.twitter.com/e34GsoWWwH  Team Marco (@TeamMarco) March 9, 2016CNN had dispatched one of its intrepid city-dwelling reporters, Jason Carroll, out to Hialeah, Florida to  cover the event. Carrol tried be nice about it, describing the event as  much, much smaller  than a  normal  Rubio event. So much for Marco s homecoming, and so much for Mitt Romney s plan to have Marco win his home state to force a brokered convention in July.If Romney s revolt was ever going to happen, it wasn t going to be in Florida. You d think Mitt s people would ve figured that one out, but there you go (millions are beginning to understand now why Romney performed so poorly in the 2012 election).Jason Carol s cameraman delivered a dim shot of the rally. If there was a church BBQ down the road, it would have drawn a bigger crowd than this.After this debacle last week, Rubio still found the gumption to go on national TV and more or less instruct his supporters to cast their vote for John Kasich in the Ohio primary. Never before in modern American history have we seen presidential candidates instructing their supporters to vote against them in order to derail the party frontrunner in the hopes of triggering a brokered Republican National Convention in July.In reality, a brokered convention means that even if Donald Trump wins the popular votes and the collects the most delegates in the GOP primaries   the Republican Party will call for a vote on the convention floor asking for all delegates to vote again, which in this case would mean that if the combined delegates of Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and John Kasich exceeds that held by Donald Trump, then Trump would be dumped by his own party s establishment insiders at the convention  in favor of another yet to be determined party elite selection. Most likely this would be Mitt Romney s former running mate, House Speaker Paul Ryan, or one of the other three aforementioned candidates.Great on PaperBefore he was cast-off by the Tea Party purists in favor of Cruz, Rubio had positioned his brand as one of insurgency, but the crowd didn t buy it. So the brand was repositioned as a  safe  choice for voters.When the Rubio vs Trump m l e first started, I had said that this was the inevitable result of the Republican establishment who were,  going for the mathematical and demographically pragmatic option   which would be Marco Rubio, with Wisconsin s Scott Walker throwing early innings in the bull pen. Orthodox RNC thinking last spring believed that Rubio, with less than one term in Senate and no leadership experience, would somehow repeat the  Obama effect  of 2008, and finally usher their party into the 21st century. Things looked very different for Hillary last spring too, where she seemed invincible on the Democrat side as well as in national polling. On paper at least, it seems that Rubio would  tick all the right boxes  for the GOP elite presiding over a party in decline and disarray   young (44 years old, although you d put him at a decade his junior), and even more importantly, Latino, giving the GOP a shot at pulling in a crucial trilateral voter compliment: Hispanic-American, independents and moderate Democrats. On paper this all makes perfect sense, but running for President in the United States of America isn t simply a case of what looks logical on paper. Case and point: Bernie Sanders, Ben Carson and, of course, Donald Trump. It was a truly devastating moment for the Rubio campaign who had raised no less than $70 million so far as part of a desperate establishment bid to market the  Rubio brand . According to a chief strategist for Ohio Gov. John Kasich, Rubio has been  more hyped than Crystal Pepsi,  in reference to Pepsi s 1992 marketing flop. Sen. Rubio has been more hyped than Crystal Pepsi, but he has flopped even worse,  said Weaver last week. Even a well-conceived, high-financed marketing campaign won t work if people don t want to buy the product. That s the Rubio campaign s problem . Behind the nice packaging, voters are discovering there is little substance. Not surprisingly, I don t really like Crystal Pepsi. No one does. But everyone remembers when Coca Cola tried to inflate New Coke, Cherry Coke, and finally Coke Zero, before it completely flopped. Millions were wasted in vain, and it seems that the only people who really benefited from this exercise in hype were the advertising agencies and the production companies who produced them   and also the media networks who sold the ad space to Coca Cola.The same could be said with Rubio, and of course with Jeb Bush and a few others, although Rubio may still live to run another day. Coke didn t give up on Zero. Zero eventually became a Hero (well, according to Coca Cola, anyway) after years and years of marketing capital was invested into that product  which no one was really interested in to begin with.Billionaire Boys ClubBillionaires love to gamble, especially in politics   and they gambled heavily   and lost, on Marco Rubio. One might question the establishment s efficacy in leaving an invisible Rubio in a primary race where he s taking votes away from a more promising challenger in Texas Senator Rafael Edward (Ted) Cruz. Ditto with Kasich.Maybe it s the egos, or maybe Trump is actually pulling the master strings. Either way, the establishment s anti-Trump obsession is tearing the Republican Party apart.Just when you thought it couldn t get any more like a true life black comedy, all three desperate GOP challengers found themselves courting the endorsement of election dropout and former Florida governor, Jeb Bush, on the Thursday before the CNN debate began.As sexy goes, this endorsement hardly registers outside of a few select country clubs. If it were an endorsement from 90 year old Barbara Bush then it might mean something.So poor was Jeb s showing in the primary contest   even after burning through over $100 million in campaign donations (he raised over $150 million) and received around 7% of the vote   it s difficult to see why anyone among Rubio, Cruz and Kasich would be offering a stump for Mr. Excitement, a  low energy  dynastic nonstarter.On balance, this endorsement would probably garner less votes than an endorsement from David Duke. Such is the bizarre and sideshow-like nature of this 2016 presidential election. A NEW AMERICAN CENTURY: Rubio uses Neocon s PNAC and  Israel-first old marketing slogan.Why the Elite Loved RubioLike his globalist colleague Kasich, and despite his evasive comments on the campaign trail, Rubio seems very committed to Wall Street and Bilderberg principles regarding corporate-brokered trade pacts like TPP, TTIP, GAT, and the WTO.On foreign policy, Rubio is a pro-war Republican, calling for regime change in Syria, and even made the incredible comment during one of the GOP s February debates that,  We didn t overthrow Gaddafi, the Libyan people did , having not realized that months of US air bombardment, as well as arming and working with Islamist militants on the ground is what toppled the Libyan state in 2011. Many of these same militants packed up and moved the roadshow to Syria in late 2011 and early 2012. The CIA were active and involved in the repatriation of fighters to Syria and the trafficking of weapons into Syria after the fall of Gaddafi. It would be shocking if Rubio wasn t aware of any of this, especially if he wants to be president of the United States.The other obvious, if not bizarre indicator that the globalists billionaire, military industrial class were firmly backing Rubio was hidden in plain sight. His campaign slogan was  A New American Century , and of course, the significance of this was completely lost on the mainstream media. It seemed that Rubio had stolen his campaign slogan from the likes of Donald Rumsfeld and John Bolton (and Jeb Bush, who also signed the PNAC pledge in 1998) whose neoconservative pro-war think tank, Project for A New American Century (PNAC) was arguably the architect of America s post-9/11 foreign policy. PNAC was also an extension of Israel s foreign policy too, which makes sense considering how aggressively Rubio advocates for Israeli interests.When you actually look at Rubio s record during his time in the Florida legislature, it does not paint a pretty picture at all.Without too much effort, any member of the media, including CNN s Don Lemon, Jake Tapper or Anderson Cooper, could find a substantial trail of dirt behind the young Senator   if only for the fact that Rubio s record seems to be off limits by the media and newspapers like the New York Times   all of whom are devoted to only running critical exposes on Donald Trump. Rubio s dubious track record of scandals and other pieces of corruption are well-known in his home state, but almost invisible nationally. Top of that list might be one David Rivera, a long-time political ally and close friend of Marco Rubio   who also happens to be under investigation by the FBI.That s only the beginning. One of the most telling scandals involved Rubio selling his home to a lobbyist, and getting way over the asking price. On The Issues reports: Rubio s personal finances were questioned because he made a $200,000 profit selling a house he owned to the mother of a chiropractor who was lobbying for a change in state insurance rules. Rubio had been a holdout, but removed a block on the measure shortly after the home sale and voted for it. Rubio was criticized for failing to disclose a home equity loan he received from US Century Bank, whose chairman, Sergio Pino, was a political supporter. The house had been appraised for $185,000, more than the purchase price just 37 days after he bought it. Rubio s staff said the value jumped because he d locked in a lower preconstruction price and made improvements. US Century Bank a large recipient of federal bank bailout money denied making a sweetheart deal. There are a number of other sketchy scandals linking Rubio to Florida s organized crime syndicates, ponzi schemes, including shady deals involving cash payouts and dodgy lobbyists, some of which can be read here. The mainstream media never challenged Rubio on any of these reports, so Rubio never had to defend against them.Then there s the business of Rubio s  sugar daddy , Jewish billionaire and Israeli luminary Norman Braman. Not only is Braman bank-rolling the Rubio political machine (in return for ?), but Brahman s  charity  foundation also employs Marco s wife Jeanette Rubio too. ON BOARD: Rubio with Israeli luminary Shimon Peres.  Brahman is also Rubio s entr e into the Israeli Lobby. It was Brahman who flew Marco and his family to Israel in 2010 to be inducted into the Israeli mind-set. This is also evident through Rubio s pro-Israeli rhetoric, where during one debate he proudly announced,  There can be NO negotiation between Israel and the Palestinians right now In another recent speech, Rubio took things a step further by insinuating that anyone who criticizes Israel is racist, insisting that, All of this anti-Israel action going on globally, it s anti-Semitism. He could easily be speaking as an Israeli envoy, speaking straight off of the lobby s talking script.That s just a snapshot of what sort of political animal Marco Rubio is   not unlike the rest of the pack, and perhaps a lot more shrewd, pushy and cunning than many others. You wouldn t expect anything less by anyone who believes that they deserve to be elected President of the United States having served less than one term in the US Senate at the age of 44.It s not certain yet whether or not Rubio will be able to retain his Florida US Senate seat after announcing he would be campaigning for president last year. Maybe a run for governor in Florida is in the cards.One thing is certain though, at his young age and with powerful backers like the Israeli Lobby   we have not seen the last of Marco Rubio. His talent and ability as a speaker and his potential for a broad-based appeal is undeniable and you can be certain he will remain a key tool for the establishment for many years to come.Just like Coke Zero, with enough marketing muscle and money injected into it, every brand can have a second life.Rubio will return.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22627,"ELECTION FRAUD: If It Happened in Michigan, Will It Happen in Ohio?","21st Century Wire says On a recent episode of The Sunday Wire with Patrick Henningsen, guest Basil Valentine asked Patrick for his analysis on the Bernie Sanders vs. Hillary Clinton primary race, and what ensued was a poignant discussion about a deeper issue   voter and election fraud.PH: It s a tight race. Hillary has the edge on the super delegates, which is the most corrupt, un-democratic aspect of the Democratic Party. BV: I m not sure it s it s very un-democratic and corrupt, I agree. But I don t think it s the most corrupt. The most corrupt is the vote fraud. Basil cites a new report about the recent Michigan Presidential Primary, where its findings suggest that Bernie Sanders actually did better than the recorded vote share indicates.The author of the report, Richard Charnin, provides context not only for Michigan primary results but for Massachusetts results as well:This analysis indicates that Sanders did much better than his recorded vote in the Michigan primary. Sanders had 590,386 votes (49.8%) and Clinton 570,948 (48.3%). Sanders won in 73 of 83 MI counties with 56% of the vote. He won the preliminary exit poll by 52.1-45.9%, a 97% win probability. Clinton won urban counties Wayne and Oakland with approximately 55% of the vote.Clinton won the Massachusetts primary by just 1.4%, but she did well in urban areas. Sanders won hand-counted precincts by 57-40% in 68 Towns (32,360 votes, 2.7% of votes cast). Sanders also had 52.1% in the preliminary exit poll which he won by 52.1-45.7%. His win probability was also 97%.(See Charnin s full report and statistical analysis here, including a breakdown of voting machine totals.)Charnin explains there are three key indicators to track in determining whether election fraud has occurred:  cumulative vote shares, preliminary exit poll, absentee vote anomalies Of course, you will not hear much about election fraud from the media   their coverage focuses solely on the recorded vote at the end of the night, and the usual Poli-tricks and Propaganda  mess with voters  minds during their televised election coverage.Will we see these same election fraud indicators in the Florida, Ohio, Illinois, Missouri and North Carolina primaries?READ MORE 2016 NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Election Files",0
22628,Henningsen on Trump Rally Fervor: ‘Political Relativism Has Descended on America’,"21st Century Wire says Regarding the latest  Trump outrage , it s taken a while for the media to catch-up and analyze what s happened in recent days and why.Watch this segment that aired live over the weekend this past Saturday, where 21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen spoke with RT International about the may lay at GOP front runner Donald Trump s rally in Chicago on Friday night.There s plenty of fervor to go around  ",0
22629,HAWKISH DOVE: The Enigma of Donald Trump in Volatile Race to the White House,"Shawn Helton   21st Century WireGOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump is a populist candidate among a bevy of warhawk rivals  yet many still wonder how the real estate mogul has marched virtually unabated towards the 2016 Republican nomination.Undoubtedly, the stir Trump has caused this election season is already historic. Love him or hate him, the well-known businessman and reality TV star turned American political juggernaut is emerging as a surprising voice for US national interests in the face of an ever-increasing globalized world.Below we ll examine Trump s shocking rise in American politics, his strengths, his weaknesses and what he s up against   HAWKISH DOVE    Who s the real Donald Trump? (Photo illustration Shawn Helton of 21WIRE)The Curious Case of Donald Trump Back in 1993, brothers David and Tom Gardner founded The Motley Fool stockbroker consultancy, and at the time, it took the investment world by storm. Their mantra was simple: in business (as it is most everything else in life) timing is everything, and when a market or system becomes insular and stagnant, the conditions are ripe for a  rule breaker , and eventually, the rule breakers becomes the rule makers. This spirit of guerilla business also underpinned the Silicon Valley revolution in the 1990s and 2000s.Likewise, Donald Trump read the tea leaves and saw an opportunity in 2016.If you believe the United States is ruled by an elite establishment or is a country taken hold by statism, endless foreign intervention and crony corporatism, chances are you might be considering Donald Trump as your candidate of choice in the 2016 presidential election   and you wouldn t be alone. Similar sentiments are felt on the left-wing by supporters of Democratic Party outsider Bernie Sanders.Trump s outsider tag and anti-establishment veneer, is what seems to be resonating most among a broad base across America, as many believe that the country has been in a decline following two failed administrations in the White House under both Bush and Obama.This is the nature of populist campaigns and whether you like Trump or not, he s run one of the most effective presidential campaigns in American history, despite major backlash from the media and various political pressure groups attempting to stop his rise.The New PopulistsMuch like former Republican congressman Ron Paul in 2012, and to a lesser degree with Bernie Sanders, Trump has seemingly tapped into a cultural zeitgeist rarely seen in American politics as this year s preeminent populist choice.While Paul s staunch constitutional and libertarian beliefs propelled his popularity in 2012, it s Trump s cross-spectrum political thinking that s drawing supporters to his campaign marked by an ability to reach the average blue-collar worker, as well as successful entrepreneurs by bringing up issues concerning economic growth, immigration and global trade.To some critics however, Trump is not conservative enough, even though he s already unveiled one of the most comprehensive plans to uphold gun rights in modern history. The plan includes a proposal for nationwide concealed carry without placing a ban on certain types of guns or magazines   something which has become a hot button particularly for those on the left after a string of strange mass shooting events during much of 2015.On the other side of the political fence, many have criticized Trump s antiquated views on expanding torture techniques in the military, as well as his tough talk on internet security, privacy concerns and heavy stance on illegal immigration.The term  super-nationalistic  is being batted around to describe Trump s perspective, causing some to fear the unknown.Ironically, what has led to Trump s success has also hindered him and has arguably become a major weak point for the shrewd businessman.Trump s fiery rhetoric concerning certain issues facing America today, in some cases has worked against him, and has painted a target on him, opening the door for the media to spin anything he says, or doesn t say, or what others say about him.This is perhaps best exemplified with his tough talk on illegal immigration, along with his media counter attack against professional agitators and protesters at his events following several clashes at some of his rallies over the past few weeks.Unfortunately, his detractors and political rivals have already used these social triggers to attack the GOP frontrunner, as his Chicago rally was cancelled after erupting into a chaotic scene, leading to at least 5 arrests. Similarly, his St. Louis rally was also stormed, leading to 32 arrests, with much of the media joining in condemnation of the embattled businessman.While no one should condone the violence that results from Trump supporters clashing with outside political agitators at Trump s campaign events, critics insist that Trump has somehow escalated these volatile protests through his own incendiary language and for not using his powers of persuasion to  calm things down. Later on in this article, we ll take an even closer look at what s behind these seismic uprisings at Trump s campaign rallies.The Manhattan mogul s political story has only just begun and there are many things to consider concerning the embattled GOP frontrunner   WAR LIES    Former Secretary of State, Colin Powell and the Bush administration s findings revealed a highly coordinated disinformation campaign that led to over half a million deaths in the US-led invasion in Iraq in 2003. (Photo link foreignpolicyjournal)Alternative To War?Recently, Trump was pressed again on matters concerning the Middle East and his response has been surprisingly diplomatic with a non-interventionist platform. Trump s open condemnation of the Bush administration for the Iraq war and the Obama White House for the destruction of Libya, has resonated across the board for voters on both sides of the political spectrum. Trump has asserted that 2003 s invasion in Iraq and the blitzkrieg in Libya via NATO members in 2011, is further evidence of failed US foreign policy throughout the world.Doubling down, the GOP frontrunner Trump, has also refused to pick a side between Israel and Palestine   and in true form to his business pedigree, stating that he would rather attempt to broker a peace deal in the ages old conflict, rather than tow the party line.Calling Out  Bad  Global Trade   TRANS PACIFIC PARTNERSHIP    US leaders vote in favor of cloaked trade deal involving Asia pacific countries and America in 2015. Trump has been the only presidential candidate talking about the Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal and its vast implications on the global economy.The Trans Pacific Partnership or TPP trade deal, is something we ve covered extensively at 21WIRE over the past two years, as international trade law for new trade treaties appear to be a way for private corporations to exempt themselves from the laws of sovereign nations under the guise of a so-called free-trade agreement.As global policy makers continue to merge with the interests of multinational or transnational corporations to achieve their goals, we could view the TTP or the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) as having zero national loyalty to any existing nation-state or its set of laws.These multi-national and transnational free trade deals have been vigorously opposed by Trump during many GOP debates this election cycle. Other critics of these deals have suggested they are being used as a way to gain a foothold on  property rights  in the future, in addition to having lasting implications on intellectual property.21WIRE previously outlined the role that the United States Trade  Representative has played in facilitating these deals between different industries: Understanding the power structure behind these draconian trade deals reveals the global chess play at work and the behind-the-scenes corporate merger s, under the watch of a biased government entity, the USTR. The USTR has been doing heavy lifting through its corporate connections with the likes of Haliburton (ESG and KBR) and Monsanto Corp, and  political insider  ties for a massive trade deal that will consolidate our future   all done outside of the democratic process.  This past week, Huffington Post published an article entitled  At Secretive Meeting, Tech CEOs And Top Republicans Commiserate, Plot To Stop Trump, : Billionaires, tech CEOs and top members of the Republican establishment flew to a private island resort off the coast of Georgia this weekend for the American Enterprise Institute s annual World Forum, according to sources familiar with the secretive gathering. The article goes on to say that the participants  couldn t help  discussing Trump   but he was not the sole purpose of the meeting. Here s some of the list of attendees as reported by HuffPo: Apple CEO Tim Cook, Google co-founder Larry Page, Napster creator and Facebook investor Sean Parker, and Tesla Motors and SpaceX honcho Elon Musk all attended. So did Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.), political guru Karl Rove, House Speaker Paul Ryan, GOP Sens. Tom Cotton (Ark.), Cory Gardner (Colo.), Tim Scott (S.C.), Rob Portman (Ohio) and Ben Sasse (Neb.), who recently made news by saying he  cannot support Donald Trump. Recently, it was reported by Cleveland.com that  Ohio lost 112,500 jobs in 2015 resulting from the United States  trade deficit with countries that are part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership agreement, according to an analysis by the Economic Policy Institute. Additionally, the EPI s findings state that an estimated 2 million jobs have already been lost due to the TPP and that half of those were in manufacturing industry.Above all else, Trump s non-interventionist outlook on the Middle East and his diplomatic approach to Israel and Palestine, as well as his strong position on free trade deals such as the TPP and TTIP, have all contributed to placing the outspoken candidate on the political chopping block.Such is the curious case of Donald J. Trump   AMERICAN PSYCHO?    Former presidential candidate Mitt Romney propelled Trump s campaign despite his desperate appeal to the public last week in a staged pre-debate speech. (Photo link cowgernation)Political Attack DogsThe anti-Trump coalition consists of the Republican Party establishment, the Leftwing and the mainstream media   and each of these factions are presently at war with Trump and his campaign.From the onset, you could see the horror in TV broadcasters eyes when confronted by Trump   a media mogul himself who knows how to conduct a symphony on the airwaves. In many respects, he s their worst nightmare   a politician who can outplay them in their media manipulation game.For the American Leftwing, he induces revulsion, and for good reason   his ability to tame the media has enabled him to discard the political correctness which governs US media discourse.The most sustained attack however, is coming from his own party. In the September of 2015, here at 21WIRE, we discussed how neoconservatives within the Republican Party were incensed when Trump first launched his presidential campaign bid over the summer. Flashing forward to now, it s even more apparent that the media and the dying GOP party elite have attempted to shanghai Trump and the public during his unexpected political rise.Since last summer, there s been a host of media pundits and Washington figureheads looking to take on Trump in a kinda of metaphorical Thunderdome, something which has routinely played out before millions of TV viewers   and one by one, each has become politically castrated, spayed or otherwise cast aside by the outspoken tycoon.You don t have to take my word for it, just ask Meghan Kelley, Lindsay Graham, Jeb Bush, as well as former FOX News favorite and PNAC (Project for a New American Century) waving neocon, Marco Rubio   a list, that may now include Mitt Romney, following his dirty, scripted propaganda speech meant to quell Trump s primary rise.It seems this year more than any other, the American public has peeled away at the politically fixed halls of FOX, CNN and others, as mainstream networks have deliberately attempted to derail Trump through a plethora of designer media attacks, timely  gotcha  questions, ambush-style interviews and scripted debate forums working in concert to keep the apparent GOP outsider off-balance throughout the entire presidential nomination process.  Astute observers of the GOP nomination process, might conclude that many media personalities, political insiders and beltway lobbyists are comfortable with America s long ago chartered cruise towards global ambiguity and perpetual stagnation, rather than to take a chance on new blood.In fact, The Grand Old Party pet-parade nearly flatlined last week after enlisting Bain Capital businessman and former Governor of Massachusetts, Mitt Romney to unleash a scathing nationally televised assessment of Trump s presidential qualifications.Bain Capital, is an investment firm with a rich history of litigation concerning claims of disgruntled investors over profits, as well as a global company with big ties to military defense, aerospace and big agricultural giants like Monsanto.Romney s recent pre-GOP debate speech appeared to be a last-ditch effort directed by neoconservative strategists to silence Trump s campaign   but it led to a huge backlash and in the process, revealed the former governor s role as political spoiler (and thus damaged goods), as evidenced by his support of Bush-approved candidate John Kasich.Romney s speech, piggy-backed anti-Trump hashtag campaigns (#nevertrump and #stoptrump) that emerged in the weeks following an article by well-known neoconservative strategist, Peter Wehner on why he wouldn t support a Trump presidency.Here s a You Tube clip of Fox News contributor Judge Jeanine Pirro condemning Romney for awakening a sleeping giant  among the US electorate The Shape of ThingsMitt Romney and the billionaire boys club are out for blood.Trump is using big media to put out some  dangerous ideas    like the prospect for a peace deal between Israel and Palestine, and d tente with Russia, and also calling out the clear fraud of the Iraq War, as well as NATO s bombardment in Libya as Trump stated, Libya would be better off if we had left Gaddafi in power. If the politicians had gone to the beach instead, and did nothing, we d be better off in Libya and Iraq than we are today. Romney represents the financial and investment wing of the military industrial complex and an Israel first foreign policy. Along with John McCain, Romney is one of their  inside men  embedded inside the US political establishment.This is what Trump is really up against.It doesn t stop there, the dirty politricks continued this week as Rubio urged his supporters to vote for rival presidential candidate and Governor of Ohio John Kasich (a close Bush-family friend), with the Florida Senator stating, If you re a Republican primary voter in Ohio, and you don t want Donald Trump to be the nominee, John Kasich is your best bet. Incidentally, Jeb Bush met with  three non-Trump candidates  (Cruz, Rubio Kasich?) in Miami this week, a month after dropping out of the presidential race, due to his poor campaign results. The situation was described by the Wall Street Journal as the following: Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, who ended his 2016 candidacy last month after months of sparring with Mr. Trump, met with each of the three non-Trump candidates this week in Miami, though he hasn t offered direction on how to block Mr. Trump s path. On another interesting note, early in March, according to The Hill, CEO of FOX News, Roger Ailes, dropped his support for Rubio, if true, the move would signify this latest strategy to use Romney and Kasich as a way to undermine Trump s campaign. Here s the excerpt reported by The Hill: We re finished with Rubio,  Roger Ailes told one of the network s hosts recently, according to three unnamed sources.  We can t do the Rubio thing anymore. Flashing forward to this past week, Trump loyalist Roger Stone, wrote a revealing article entitled  Ted Cruz, A Bush By Another Name,  which detailed GOP presidential candidate Ted Cruz s close relationship to the Bush family. Here s a  passage from Stone s recent piece at The Daily Caller: Neil Bush, the son of President George H. W. Bush, who defrauded U.S. taxpayers out of $1.5 billion dollars in the savings and loan scam, and later peddled influence for the Chinese government, (who plied him with Chinese prostitutes) has formally endorsed Senator Ted Cruz for president. You can t make this stuff up. The Bush-Cruz connection is clear. Ted was George W. s brain when he ran for president. A top policy adviser, Ted maneuvered for Solicitor General in Bush World but settled for a plum at the Federal Trade Commission. Ted s a Bush man with deep ties to the political and financial establishment.  Ted and wife Heidi brag about being the first  Bush marriage    they met as Bush staffers. SEE ALSO: Ted Cruz comes up  empty  on Obamacare as government continues debt scamAs the political claws are fully out now, the recent words of Pulitzer prize nominated journo, Jon Rappoport, comes to mind: A true populist leader would accept the fact that working through usual channels, to bring about stunning changes, is a loser. The enemy is entrenched. The enemy controls the landscape. The enemy controls the machinery. Where is the populist s strength coming from? Only one place: the people who are supporting him. So he has to go back to that well, over and over again. And now he can. While pondering Trump s rivals and populism, there s a deeper agenda concerning 2016 and beyond, something which was recently pointed out here at 21WIRE.In October of 2014, The Boston Globe published a stirring article rarely seen in the mainstream entitled  Vote all you want. The secret government won t change. The Globe piece covered Tufts University political scientist Michael J. Glennon s detailed perspective on the political process in America. The article included an in-depth discussion about Glennon s book  National Security and Double Government,  a book that gives the public an inside look into the collusion between neoconservative and neoliberal political strategy on the global stage   in particular, counterterrorism policies that are routinely followed by president after president.The idea of concealed policy between neoconservatives and neoliberals was further confirmed when Robert Kagan, a co-founder and co-author of The Project for the New American Century, recently endorsed Hillary Clinton for President.This was a big story, but it barely kept the media s attention span for longer than a week.Indeed, Kagan s endorsement should provide a window for people to see the so-called (neo) conservative players behind the scenes that might have helped Clinton escape the Benghazi scandal and might step in to rescue her from her ongoing national security related email case with the FBI.Clinton s exploits in Libya are well documented and her recent endorsement by neocon strategist Kagan, is just one more glaring example of political complicity, no matter who gets elected as the president of America, the foreign policy machinations are controlled by the same operators.Coincidentally or not, Kagan also appears to be linked to Romney s anti-trump plea to the public.In a catchy call to arms, a deeply biased political plea was published on the website called War On The Rocks. The piece featured an impassioned rant from those directly connected to the military industrial complex. In fact, many war party operatives, put their seal of approval on the message including Robert Kagan, as well as Former Homeland Security secretary, Michael Chertoff, (the Chertoff Group manufactured the TSA body scanners used in most major airports) as well as over hundred other political operatives.To those aware of these tactics, the War On The Rocks Trump hit-piece, read like a foreign policy business as usual dossier, with a heavy-handed characterization of mogul, while completely misrepresenting some of Washington s most notorious military interventions in recent memory.  TRUMP CARD    Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump posters adorn Trump s Nevada caucus rally. (Photo link ulinet)Socially Engineered  Flash Mobs  Go Viral The political game changers are fully after the Trump campaign now, as the George Soros funded advocacy group MoveOn, played a large role in the Chicago University student organized shutdown at the Trump rally this past Friday, as well as a host of other splinter groups associated with Black Lives Matter (BLM) and supporters for Bernie Sanders.  BLACK BLOC   Black bloc provocateurs, have violently escalated protest movements since the 1980 s, including 2011 s Occupy Wall Street Movement. (Photo link examiner)The echoes are still felt from the Soros funded protests in Ferguson, Missouri, in 2014 and the Baltimore riots of 2015, something which immediately recalls the misguided machinations of The Occupy Movement (aka OWS) in 2011, an event that turned out to be a think-tank-spun divide and conquer stratagem designed to push naive participants into violent action.  CHICAGO CHAOS    Bernie Sanders supporters join Black Lives Matter linked groups to shutdown Trump rally. (Photo link twitter)Back in January, MoveOn publicly endorsed the Bernie Sanders campaign in what appeared to be a call to action for BLM associated groups seen backing Sanders. It s worth mentioning, that MoveOn, also supported the Obama campaign in 2008, according to the website, Sanders is the only other candidate to  threshold for an endorsement. From here on out, professional political agitator flash mobs, will be mobilized at future Trump campaign events, making it very difficult to run a normal campaign   taking away Trump s strength in numbers at his rallies. This was confirmed in Ohio recently, after a BLM activist and Sanders supporter, stormed the stage, shortly after Trump started speaking.In a Politico article entitled  Major donors consider funding Black Lives Matter,  we gain deeper insight into the political funding for BLM and the Soros linked Democratic Alliance: Major donors are usually not as radical or confrontational as activists most in touch with the pain of oppression,  said Steve Phillips, a Democracy Alliance member and significant contributor to Democratic candidates and causes. He donated to a St. Louis nonprofit group called the Organization for Black Struggle that helped organize 2014 Black Lives Matter-related protests in Ferguson, Missouri, over the police killing of a black teenager named Michael Brown. And Phillips and his wife, Democracy Alliance board member Susan Sandler, are in discussions about funding other groups involved in the movement. It worth noting Soros, a long time contributor to Hillary Clinton, donated $2 million in PAC money in 2015 and January of 2016, Soros reportedly gave $8 million to  boost  Clinton s campaign. Soros also recently funded $15 million to Latino groups looking to stop Trump s rise towards a potential GOP nomination and beyond.Any bloodshed at the hands of   vigilante mobs  at Trump rallies, should be the responsibility of those who of have sought to politicize and fund this agenda from the very beginning.Look for these political engineers, to pit choreographed conservative and liberal groups against each other at Trump s rallies or events in the future   as all of these hostile uprisings are by design.During the Days of Rage in 1969, the FBI was said to have been  tracking specific members  of the Students for a Democratic Society. The SDS was heavily connected to 60 s political agitators turned domestic terrorists, The Weather Underground. Many concluded that the group s leader, Bill Ayers, was an interloper looking for new recruits that were easily manipulated into hostile action.This begs the question: Are government agencies still infiltrating political advocacy groups to push social change?The disruptions at Trump rallies are a form of modern class warfare, one that disguises its true intentions, eroding national sovereignty through a series of upheavals, while presenting shock and awe imagery in order to manipulate the public s political perspective.Amazingly through it all, Trump s still been able to confound his opposition in the aftermath of a barrage of attacks, propelling his popularity even to even higher levels.The Ides of March primaries will be a good barometer to see what impact these chaotic clashes may have on Trump s campaign moving forward.It still remains to be seen if Trump s dynamic political vision for America will push the country further into authoritarianism or whether he can unite an embattled nation by restoring international relations throughout the world.But one thing is for sure   there s no doubt now that a systematic design is in place to unseat the GOP frontrunner and the public should question why READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22630,Trump Faces Off With CNN’s Jake Tapper Over Event Fistacuffs,"21st Century Wire says After last Friday night s clash between Democratic Party students and Republican Trump supporters in Chicago, mainstream media outlets, Republican and Democratic candidates are all taking aim at Donald Trump going into the pivotal Super Tuesday primary contest.Watch as CNN s Jake Tapper and Donald Trump tossel on-air, as the CNN presenter accuses the Republican front runner of causing violence at his rallies  ",0
22631,Episode #126 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Déjà vu 1968!’ with guests Matthew Richer and Basil Valentine,"Episode #126 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this Sunday March 13, 2016 as host Patrick Henningsen broadcasts 3 HOURS of power-packed talk radio LIVE on ACR LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:SUNDAYS   5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12pm PT (US)This week s very special edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is broadcasting LIVE with host Patrick Henningsen covering the top news stories internationally. In the first hour we cover America s wild 2016 primary election race and Donald Trump s  1968 moment  which took place in Chicago this week, as well as the accelerating agenda in Libya. At the 30 min mark we ll feature this week s SHOUT! Poll on freedom of speech and assembly. In the second hour we re joined by writer Matthew Richer to discuss America s explosive Trump paradigm. In third hour we connect with Basil Valentine for a breakdown of US voter and election fraud, Germany s migrant crisis, Brexit and the coming summer of uncertainty. Is it 1968 all over again?SHOUT! POLL: SHOULD PROTESTERS BE ALLOWED TO SHUT DOWN POLITICAL RALLIES? VOTE HERE.Strap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world   *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*   // <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt; ",0
22632,GOD SQUAD: Jury Finds Polygamous Mormon Towns Guilty of Discriminating Against ‘Non-Believers’,"Jamie Ross Courthouse News ServicePHOENIX   Two towns on the Arizona-Utah border dominated by members of a fundamentalist Mormon sect discriminated against residents who are not members of the church, a jury found Monday afternoon, granting $2.2 million in damages to six residents.The U.S. government sued Colorado City, Ariz., and Hildale, Utah in 2012, accusing the border towns of denying police protection, water and housing to nonmembers of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. The church s leader, Warren Jeffs, is imprisoned in Texas for life plus 20 years for the sexual abuse of two young girls he had taken as his  spiritual wives.  INSULATED: Hilldale s religious enclave has triggered America s curiosity.The jury returned the verdict after nearly seven weeks of testimony, finding that the towns engaged in religious discrimination of nonmembers of the church in violation of the First Amendment s establishment clause. Another aspect of the verdict found that the towns  police force   the Colorado City Marshal s Office   violated the Fourth and 14th Amendments by subjecting nonmembers to unreasonable search and seizures and arrest without probable cause.The jury also found that Colorado City, Hildale and the cities  water utility, the Twin City Water Authority, violated the Fair Housing Act. Obviously, we should ve went a different way, but we respect the process,  said Blake Hamilton, an attorney for Hildale, after the verdict was announced. The case is far from over,  said Colorado City attorney Jeff Matura.  [The Justice Department] will have to propose what kind of injunctive relief they want. After deliberating for three days, the jury awarded six residents $2.2 million in damages for discrimination. The amount is not binding.During trial, the towns and the Justice Department entered into a $1.6 million settlement to cover damages suffered by the individuals, and possible civil penalties and fines.Christopher Jessop testified that church security ran his son off the road, and that the Marshal s Office helped cover it up.Nicknamed the  God Squad,  church security is said to monitor current and former FLDS members and keep an eye out for outside law enforcement.Jessop also testified that the Marshal s Office failed to investigate dozens of incidents of vandalism against his vehicle. The jury awarded him $1 million.Another $1 million will go to John Cook, a man repeatedly denied a water connection on a property to park his trailer. Cook eventually received a water connection but could not afford to move his trailer onto the property since he was forced to move elsewhere Read more at Courthouse NewsREAD MORE RELIGIOUS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Religion Files",0
22633,SHOUT! POLL: Should Protesters Be Allowed to Shut Down Political Rallies?," 21st Century Wire asks HAVE YOUR SHOUT: Friday night in Chicago saw an unprecedented incident   where flash mobs from an opposing political party were successful in shutting down a presidential political rally. We ask our readers if protesters should be allowed to shut down political rallies.Vote, comment and share below READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22634,Chicago Community Organizers Mobilize Flash Mobs to Shut Down Trump Campaign Rally,"21st Century Wire says The 2016 Election has been one of many firsts. Last night saw an unprecedented incident   where flash mobs from an opposing political party were successful in shutting down a presidential political rally.Up to this point, GOP front-runner Donald Trump was getting hit from every conceivable angle, but mostly from his own party. Last night things took a disturbing partisan turn Early Friday evening, thousands of Trump attendees were already people packed into an indoor arena at the University of Illinois in Chicago, when the event was suddenly canceled after hundreds of young Democrat student protesters took the venue floor, before clashing with Trump s Republican supporters only minutes before the candidate was due was to speak. WATCH: Protesters chant ""We stopped Trump!"" after #TrumpRally canceled https://t.co/oAt9cO5yZI (Credit: Dan Gilroy) pic.twitter.com/GPsz1NkQTG  CBS News (@CBSNews) March 12, 2016Scenes of tense confrontations, including fist fights, dominated media coverage with many broadcasters, including Don Lemon from CNN, blaming Donald Trump himself for the mobilization of the protesters and even called for Trump to  take responsibility  for the violence.Trump s election opponents took advantage of the media may-lay, with Senator Marco Rubio, Senator Ted Cruz and Gov. John Kasich, all condemning the disruptions at first, before laying blame on Trump, saying he alone was responsible for  the tone and tenor  at his rallies. Cruz took the media opportunity to say that Trump  affirmatively encourages violence. Expect More  Social Justice  MobsDemocrat Party website MoveOn.org posted that  hateful  Trump and his supporters have been  put on notice  and to expect flash mobs at all Trump political events in the future.Democrat Party activists initially tried to pressure civic authorities to prevent the event from happening with student activists claiming  fears for their safety  referring to African-American and Hispanic students fears of Trump supporters coming to the area. A petition was started on MoveOn.org and managed to get roughly 5,000 signatures. When authorities refused to cancel the event beforehand, Democrat Party activists then began organizing a large street agitation. Following a week-long social media and political community organizing campaign, young student Democrats and  social justice  activists converged on the venue last night, with signs and banners with anti-Trump slogans, including signs depicting the GOP candidate as Adolph Hitler, as well as other creative protest displays.Welp. This happened. #TrumpRally pic.twitter.com/b1ROhhLKzH  Ryan Smith (@RyanSmithWriter) March 12, 2016Chaos breaks out at canceled @realDonaldTrump rally in Chicago -OTR #greta #TrumpRally @FoxNewshttps://t.co/b0CgIVyQz3  Greta Van Susteren (@greta) March 12, 2016Outside of the arena, approximately 2,000 more protesters were positioned along the road hoping to confront Trump supporters as they exited the arena. Hundreds of police, including officers on horseback acted as a barrier between the flash mobs and the venue. Law enforcement managed to re-route Trump supporters via other egress points which avoided a street confrontation.The Chicago Police Department arrested and detained four men and a woman at the event.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22635,BOILER ROOM – EP #47 – Establishment Hitmen & Media Hacks,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, Patrick Henningsen of 21stcenturywire & ACR/21Wire contributor Randy J. In this broadcast listeners will be hearing us go around the BOILER ROOM on the typically unexpected variations of conversation including what we ve deemed  Pre-Trump-Matic Stress Disorder,  voting machine and facial hacking, Hollywood  celebs  who think Trump is Hitler, Beck getting away with threats of multiple stab wounds, the Orwellian use of the term  establishment,  our analysis of mainstream media behaving as disinformation operatives, Syria, Yemen, Libya and the Boiler Room break-down on the new bombshell video showing the LaVoy Finicum assassination in Oregon. Is the Federal narrative of Tinicum s death up against the ropes?! If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE RECORDING IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! ",0
22636,DARPA Spending $62 Million to Create Military Cyborgs,"21st Century Wire says Science fiction is now science fact.Watch a video of this report here: DARPA s program director for the project says the implant is seeking to open the channel between the human brain and modern electronics. A statement from DARPA said it will enable  data-transfer bandwidth between the human brain and the digital world, feeding digital auditory or visual information into the brain. The research agency claims the project is not intended for military purposes, yet experts believe it will have many military applications. While it could potentially restore senses to injured veterans, it could also be used to heighten the senses of perfectly healthy soldiers.Moreover, let us not forget that it is the Pentagon, the military s central command, whom controls the Defence Advanced Research Projects Agency.Either way, DARPA is seeking to perfect the cyborg  an individual with both organic and mechanical body parts.If this device could be used to heighten the awareness of an individual s surroundings, could it also be manipulated to present a misleading perspective on what is happening around the implanted person?Could a soldier be manipulated into believing something was happening due to a certain message being transmitted to the implant, when in actual fact something entirely different was occurring in reality?Such devices present incredibly hard questions for accountability.However, Steven Pinker, a cognitive scientist from Harvard, is sceptical that the device could ever work: We have little to no idea how exactly the brain codes complex information My guess is that it s a waste of taxpayer dollars. Despite these concerns, DARPA is pressing ahead with the project.Do you think we are now a step closer to cyborg super soldiers, or just wasting $62 million?LEARN ALL ABOUT MILITARY SPENDING: 21WIRE Military Industrial Complex Files",0
22637,"‘Vote All You Want, The Secret Government Won’t Change.’","21st Century Wire says Those who pull the strings behind the curtain will be a lot harder to get rid of than the puppets which they control.Watch a video of this report here:Tufts University political scientist Michael J. Glennon gave a strong warning to the American people back in 2014 that you can vote all you want   but the Secret Government won t change.Glennon s argument is that a small clique of so-called national security experts, who might otherwise be called elites from the military industrial complex, are always influencing policy makers and over-emphasising security threats.Currently, the only candidate posing a real threat to these elites appears to be Donald Trump, who is claiming he wants  to get along with foreign countries , particularly Russia.But, what is the main reason why we cannot fix this problem? Glennon says it s  the pervasive political ignorance on the part of the American people .Here are the key questions and responses from the interview:What evidence exists for saying America has a double government?GLENNON: I was curious why a president such as Barack Obama would embrace the very same national security and counterterrorism policies that he campaigned eloquently against. Why would that president continue those same policies in case after case after case? Why would policy makers hand over the national-security keys to unelected officials?GLENNON: It hasn t been a conscious decision. Members of Congress are generalists and need to defer to experts within the national security realm, as elsewhere. They are particularly concerned about being caught out on a limb having made a wrong judgment about national security and tend, therefore, to defer to experts, who tend to exaggerate threats. The courts similarly tend to defer to the expertise of the network that defines national security policy.Isn t this just another way of saying that big bureaucracies are difficult to change?GLENNON: It s much more serious than that. These particular bureaucracies don t set truck widths or determine railroad freight rates. They make nerve-center security decisions that in a democracy can be irreversible, that can close down the marketplace of ideas, and can result in some very dire consequences.Couldn t Obama s national-security decisions just result from the difference in vantage point between being a campaigner and being the commander-in-chief, responsible for 320 million lives?GLENNON: There is an element of what you described. There is not only one explanation or one cause for the amazing continuity of American national security policy. But obviously there is something else going on when policy after policy after policy all continue virtually the same way that they were in the George W. Bush administration.This isn t how we re taught to think of the American political system.GLENNON: I think the American people are deluded to believe that the institutions that provide the public face actually set American national security policy. They believe that when they vote for a president or member of Congress or succeed in bringing a case before the courts, that policy is going to change. Now, there are many counter-examples in which these branches do affect policy. But the larger picture is still true policy by and large in the national security realm is made by the concealed institutions.Do we have any hope of fixing the problem?GLENNON: The ultimate problem is the pervasive political ignorance on the part of the American people. And indifference to the threat that is emerging from these concealed institutions. That is where the energy for reform has to come from: the American people. Not from government. Government is very much the problem here. The people have to take the bull by the horns. And that s a very difficult thing to do, because the ignorance is in many ways rational. There is very little profit to be had in learning about, and being active about, problems that you can t affect, policies that you can t change.Read Mark Glennon s 2014 epic Op Ed from the Boston Globe here GET THE FULL STORY ON THE 2016 ELECTION: 21st Century Wire Election Files",0
22638,"New Evidence Shows Foul Play, Cover-up by FBI and OSP in Shooting of LaVoy Finicum – DOJ Opens New Investigation"," 21st Century Wire says The mainstream media called it  case closed  after the FBI released its aerial footage of the ambush and shooting of LaVoy Finicum. Now, new evidence reveals that there was likely foul play and a misrepresentation by Federal and State authorities involved in the recent killing of rancher and protester LaVoy Finicum.As 21WIRE reported at the time (although ignored by the Oregonian and other mainstream media outlets) that without any audio track to synch with the FBI s aerial footage, it was impossible to really tell when shots were fired and if the official story was actually true. At the time, FBI Special Agent in Charge, Greg Bretzing, insisted that their footage provided an  honest and unfiltered view  of what happened. However, new evidence tells different story, and appears to demonstrate exactly how the official story was intentionally distorted by authorities   in order to cover-up what really happened that day.At yesterday s Deschutes County Sheriff s Office press conference, officials claimed that the state trooper tactical team members were  justified  in killing Finicum because the officers  feared for their lives.  However, authorities are now saying that the FBI agents involved are now being investigated for firing shots  and never reporting them.Mike Arnold, an attorney representing the Bundys explained on Tuesday,  The public deserved to have the video, with audio and sound, released immediately after the shooting. Now we know why it wasn t released: the public would have heard the shots that the government didn t want it to hear. The following presentation revealed at yesterday s press conference shows previously released FBI aerial footage synched together with a newly released cellphone video from passenger Shauna Cox recorded while inside Finicum s truck. Among other things, this new video proves that police fired first on the vehicle before anyone had even exited the vehicle. Watch: Most importantly, this new evidence reveals what happened immediately after that crash, and this could very well lead to criminal charges against the FBI agents and members of the Oregon State Police tactical units. According to today s Washington Post: Deschutes County Sheriff Shane Nelson said two bullets believed to be fired by FBI agents did not strike Finicum, who was hit by three rounds fired by state troopers. But Nelson announced at a news conference Tuesday that because the FBI agents  did not disclose their shots to investigators, nor did they disclose specific actions they took after the shooting,  his office and the Justice Department would both investigate. The new video, combined with a brand new disclosure by a team of local investigators points towards a conspiracy by agents and members of an  elite national unit  who appear to have lied about events at the police ambush and LaVoy Finicum s death   has now prompted a new investigation by the U.S. Justice Department, led by Inspector General Michael Horowitz.Finicum Shot in the BackAmong other details, newly released findings show that two state troopers shot Finicum three times in the back during the police ambush Jan. 26, 2016. An autopsy revealed that one of the bullets pierced Finicum s heart.Another shocking point of this investigation shows the complete incompetence and negligence on the part of officers positioned in front and behind LaVoy Finicum   creating a dangerous  cross-fire  situation, something which professional officers are taught to avoid, for obvious reasons.Mainstream Yellow JournalismThe mainstream media are still standing by their slanted terminology by describing the incident as a  traffic stop , presumably to downplay the premeditated operation by Federal and State authorities to intercept the two vehicles (both the Oregonian, the Washington Post and many other mainstream media outlets all used this skewed language at the time).Clearly, by any sober estimation of the incident, this was an elaborate, staged ambush involving dozens of vehicles and special tactical teams, and yet every mainstream media news outlet covered the incident with a pro-government bias where the victim was assumed guilty while the government was assumed innocent. Not surprisingly, this coverage quickly turned public opinion against Finicum and anyone else protesting similar issues. One example of the public hate that was generated against Finicum can be found in the comment section of many articles on the website Gawker where Gawker readers celebrated Finicum s death:Tens of thousands of similar hate comments can be found throughout many mainstream media articles and on social media. This fact proves how pivotal the mainstream media s skewed coverage was in turning sections of the population against the protesters in Oregon   despite the fact that Finicum s killing was an obvious ambush and a clear escalation of violence on the part of the government.Stay tuned for more updates at 21WIRE.SEE MORE OREGON STANDOFF NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Oregon Standoff Files",0
22639,"Trump, Sanders Win Big In Michigan – Trump, Clinton Take Mississippi","21st Century Wire says Rich men love to gamble. Over the last few weeks, tens of millions of dollars have been spent by US elites to try and derail Donald Trump s Republican primary juggernaut. Tonight s election results showed what a colossal waste of money this was. Trump recorded pivotal wins in the rust belt and also in the deep south with GOP victories in both Michigan (36%) and in Mississippi GOP (48%). Tonight s double win helps Trump extend his delegate lead over his party competitors   a strong sign heading into the next  Super Tuesday  contest March 15th.Ohio Gov. John Kasich had his strongest showing yet in Michigan effectively tying for second at 24% with Texas Sen. Ted Cruz. Interestingly, the GOP establishment favorite Florida Senator Marco Rubio hardly registered on the tote board, finishing with only 9% of the vote in Michigan, and only 4% in Mississippi. Other states holding contests today are Idaho and Hawaii, with results still pending.He may not have  won big  in terms of margins, but Democrat challenger Bernie Sanders shocked the media and the Democrat Party operatives by edging the establishment favorite Hillary Clinton, 49% to 48%, in the key working class battleground of Michigan   a state which everyone thought was a lock for the Clinton campaign.Hillary Clinton won comfortably in Mississippi with 82% of the vote. Her Mississippi win gives her a delegate lead with 685 pledged delegates for Clinton, and 477 for Sanders.Clinton has already secure an overwhelming lead, 461 -25, in the establishment s controversial  Super Delegate  sweepstakes   a parallel system created by party insiders in 1982 in order to hedge against outsider candidates.SEE MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22640,"Iraq Redux: US-led Sanctions Against Syria Are Hurting Real People, Helping Real Terrorists","Eva Bartlett RT OpEdgeThis month, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation interviewed Dr. Bouthaina Shaaban, Political and Media Advisor to Syria s President. The methods used to undermine Shaaban s message should come as no surprise.The interview was typical of the infrequent times corporate media has bothered to interview Dr. Shaaban: loaded lexicon, pre-priming the audience with false allegations about the Syrian government, repeatedly cutting-off the high-ranking guest, and a notably rude and condescending demeanor not afforded to guests who tow the NATO narrative on Syria.As with other top Syrian representatives, Shaaban is made out to be  non-credible  by corporate media pundits when they deign to interview her. They actively work to discredit Syrian officials while at the same time putting forth claims that Wahhabi terrorists are  rebels  and  Syrian representatives  and those warring on Syria are  concerned  about widespread suffering in the country. Zein Abudllah, 8, injured by shrapnel to his face in the December 12, 2015, triple terrorist bombing in al-Zahra a, Homs.   Eva BartlettSanctions: It is the Syrian People Who Are SufferingDr. Shaaban emphasized the Syrian realities at a meeting in her office in December.A crucially-important issue that media pundits ignore is that of the crippling sanctions on Syria. In terms of how to provide actual relief to the Syrian people, Dr. Shaaban stated: The first thing the West should do in this battle against terrorism is to lift the sanctions from the Syrian people. The sanctions are helping terrorists against the Syrian people, who are suffering doubly from the terrorists and from Western measures against the Syrian people. Stephen Gowans recently wrote about the US government s long-time plans to topple the Syrian government, sanctions being one part of the plot. Documents prepared by US Congress researchers as early as 2005 revealed that the US government was actively weighing regime change in Syria.  As an alternative to direct military intervention to topple the Syrian government, the United States chose to pressure Damascus through sanctions and support for the internal Syrian opposition. The advocacy website, End The Sanctions on Syria, notes:  Similar sanctions on Iraq in the 1990s were shown to have caused the deaths of more than half a million Iraqi children. The site went on to report that (as of May 2014),  701 of 1,921 Syrian health centres have been  completely gutted  by the terrorist attacks. Yet rehabilitation of these centres is retarded by the US-EU sanctions, which have already left  a deep mark on the healthcare system  including by blocking access to medicines, medical equipment, transport and communications. A May 27, 2015 article in The Lancet reports: The cost of basic food items has risen six-fold since 2010, although it varies regionally. With the exception of drugs for cancer and diabetes, Syria was 95 percent self-sufficient in terms of drug production before the war. This has virtually collapsed as have many hospitals and primary health-care centres.Economic sanctions have not removed the President:  only civilians are in the line of fire, attested to by the dire state of household and macro-economies. Sanctions are among the biggest causes of suffering for the people of Syria. Journalist who returned from #ISIS HQ tells RT how jihadists can be defeated https://t.co/EO1nr5UOGA pic.twitter.com/xq7Q2mgeKE  RT (@RT_com) November 22, 2015Western ContradictionsFrom 2011 to May 2014, Russia (as well as China) has used its veto four times against unjust UN Security Council draft Resolutions against Syria. In September 2015, upon request of the Syrian government, Russian fighter planes entered Syrian airspace, from the start doing what the US-led coalition had purported it would do: targeting terrorist hotbeds in Syria.Although continually vilified in Western media, Russia s requested and welcomed intervention in Syria complements their consistent anti-Western-intervention stance.In contrast, in the year and a half that the US-led coalition has been illegally violating Syrian skies, they ve done little to stop terrorists  movements and have repeatedly  accidentally dropped supplies to terrorist factions, while terrorists transit through hundreds of miles of open desert, thereby prolonging the otherwise-real fight against terrorism being waged by the Syrian army and allies.On Western diplomacy, Dr. Shaaban remarked: The contradictory statements coming from the West are puzzling, to say the least. Even when he (US Secretary of State John Kerry) said we are not seeking regime change, the US ambassador at the UN (Samantha Powers) said President Assad had to go. Then, Kerry gave a statement in the Security Council that he agreed with Russia that it is up to the Syrian people to decide their destiny and their government. Then President Obama comes and says, no, President Assad has to go. Indeed, aside from being immoral and criminal, the various statements and actions of Western leaders are borderline-schizophrenic.Obama has flip-flopped on his  Assad must go  position, his latest declaration alleging peace will not come  until Assad is out of power .Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and Vice President Joe Biden have both flexed military muscles, saying America is ready to take  direct action on the ground  in Syria and ready for a military solution  in Syria.In contrast, on February 9, 2016, State Department Spokesperson, John Kirby, pledged: There s not going to be a military solution to this conflict.   It has to be solved politically. And more importantly, it has to be solved by Syrians. Kerry, in his most absurd Kerry-ism yet, is reiterating the  must go  line and waffling on about a  Plan B  and a  partition  of Syria.  Here is the difference between them and Russia. If you take the statements of Putin or Lavrov from the beginning of the crisis until now, you find them consistent, in line with each other. You find them coming from a stand against terrorism, that countries have sovereignties, and that it is the people of these countries who should decide the future of the country, with no foreign intervention. All of their stands are in line with international legitimacy and with UN resolutions.That s why the stand of the Russians, for us, is a noble stand. As Putin said, they are defending the national security of Russia and Syria, which is true. Turkey: Warring on Syria There s no dialogue between us and Turkey, none at all. Turkey continues to support terrorism in Syria. If you imagine a Syria without an 800 km border with Turkey, these terrorists could not have come to Syria. Turkey is an accomplice in this war on Syria.In Iraq, Turkey withdrew, because President Obama called Erdogan to withdraw from Iraq. This also shows that when the United States wants them to stop, they stop,  Shaaban said.A recent article on Consortium News emphasized precisely this point: The U.S. traditionally has held tremendous power over client states like Turkey and Saudi Arabia. So, an order from Washington is usually enough to get such governments to back down. Referencing Turkey s recent shelling of Azaz in Aleppo, it noted: Turkey s attacks also are aimed at preventing the Syrian government from sealing the Turkish border where the Islamic State and other jihadist groups have smuggled across fighters, weapons and other supplies into Syria   as well as oil from Syria into Turkey. According to Dr. Shaaban,  Western countries keep silent about Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar, because these are the three countries which are financing, arming and facilitating terrorism into our country.  Syrian Ambassador to the United Nations, Dr. Bashar al-Ja afari (image from Syrianews.cc) Our people are the victims of this terrorism On December 13, the day I arrived in Syria, terrorists rained more mortars than usual on Damascus. I asked Dr. Shaaban the pointedly rhetorical question of whether Western leaders condemned this or other terrorist acts in Syria. Nobody speaks about mortars hitting our cities, our civilians. These missiles are hitting our schools, our hospitals, and people on the street. They are not targeting the army.Many countries have the technology which could detect these mortars and save the lives of civilians. But with the sanctions being imposed on Syria, nobody will give us this technology. She cited the December 17, 2015 passing of UNSC Resolution #2253, on halting the financing and support of terrorism, emphasizing,  There are so many resolutions before that: 2170, 2178, 2199. The latest, a 28-page resolution,  covers asset freeze, travel ban, arms embargo and listing criteria for ISIL, Al-Qaida and associated individuals, groups, undertaking and entities,  the UN s press release noted. However, given that the US itself continues to arm terrorists, it is likely this last resolution will not have the desired effect of truly stopping terrorism in Syria. Our people are the victims of this terrorism. Syria is a secular country, so many ethnicities and religions have lived peacefully together for thousands of years. Syria is an example of tolerance, of love,  Dr. Shaaban observed, before imploring Western people  to understand that in Syria, mothers, children, fathers, grandchildren  people, like any people in the world, would like to live in peace and security and are suffering from terrorism. Syria refuses to surrenderJust before leaving Syria last December, I was invited to the Joy Choir s Christmas concert. The day prior, President al-Assad and First Lady Asma al-Assad visited the practising choir. Photos and videos of the event evidence the choir s delight at the drop-in. The following evening, the church was so packed that lines of hopeful attendees spilled onto the sidewalk. I mentioned this to Dr. Shaaban. I saw the photos. This is something that you cannot fabricate. You can see from their faces how happy they were,  Shaaban replied. I m very proud of our people. Because President Assad went there the night before, you could expect that some people would be afraid to go, because it might be targeted by the terrorists. Yet the church was crowded. The people were determined to be there, whether it got targeted or not. The Notre Dame de Damas Church is indeed in close proximity to the terrorist-occupied area of Jobar, which regularly fire mortars, hell-cannons, and rockets on Damascus. This is the merit of the Syrian people. They do not fear death. The world wants to destroy us, and the Syrian people are saying  no  in every kind of way. When there is a terrorist missile, for example on Bab Touma, immediately after, people are out on the streets. We refuse to die. We refuse to surrender,  Shaaban emphasized.Indeed, on my December visit to various parts of Homs, including the Old City, there was evidence of the pulse of life: new shops and stalls opened; homes and restaurants rehabilitated.A more recent example of this resilience involves the terror-bombed and ravaged neighborhood of al-Zahra a in Homs, which I also visited in December. Tragically, it has been hit by terrorists  car and suicide bombings three more times since the December 12th triple-blast bombings. After one of the more recent terror attacks, Dr. Shaaban noted on her Facebook page (translated from Arabic): My brothers live in this neighborhood and when I called them they told me that the streets have been cleaned and shops opened and people continued their work. This is the secret to victory in Syria. READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22641,Attack on Trump: Mitt Romney Just ‘Awoke a Sleeping Giant’,"21st Century Wire says Did Mitt Romney just make an incredible mistake?Fox News contributor Judge Jeanine Pirro has unleashed a scathing attack on Mitt Romney after his recent moves to try and put a halt to Donald Trump s presidential run: There s an insurrection coming, Mitt Romney just confirmed it, Mitt Romney will always be remembered as the one who put us over the edge and awoke a sleeping giant   the silent majority   the American people, Fact   the establishment is panicked. The military industrial complex is certainly panicked as Trump, the Republican frontrunner, just said that he wants to  get along with foreign countries , particularly Russia, instead of going to war with them.Watch Judge Jeanine unload on the failed Republican candidate, who, in her words,  choked  during the 2012 election, in the following video:GET THE FULL STORY ON THIS YEAR S ELECTION: 21st Century Wire Election Files",0
22642,UN Physically Removes Independent Media From NYC HQ For Exposing Institutional Corruption,"21st Century Wire says For years, the United Nations seems to have been embroiled in an endless string of scandals and cover-ups, and yet rarely, if ever, has anyone ever actually been held to account. This has led a number of pundits to accuse the institution of being  above the law  and riddled with institutional corruption.This latest story only reaffirms these accusations Independent journalist Matthew Russell Lee (photo, left) founded Bronx-based Inner City Press in 2005 and received official press accreditation to cover the United Nations in New York City. He was the first-ever independent, non-affiliated blogger to be given access to the UN s inner sanctum. Since then Inner City Press has broken stories on a number of controversial stories: peacekeeper rapes in Africa, UN cholera in Haiti, war crimes in Sri Lanka and Burundi, the Sudans, SEMG and Yemen (see a leaked letter here), as well as corruption within UN Headquarters (cocaine shipments through its mail room and the current bribery scandals).Apparently, it was all too much for diplomatic luminaries at the UN. Last month, Lee was forcibly ejected from the UN headquarters.The DC-based Government Accountability Project, which defends UN and other whistleblowers, believes that the ouster of Inner City Press from the UN s press office is  retaliatory in response to independent, critical journalism. UN Restricts of Free PressOn the afternoon of February 19th, Inner City Press questioned UN inaction in South Sudan and Burundi and financial irregularities, and was handed a letter from Ban Ki-moon s Under Secretary General for Public Information Cristina Gallach ordering Inner City Press to surrender its Resident Correspondent accreditation of eight years and be removed from the UN by 5 pm. In a letter that gave Inner City Press only two hours notice, Gallach told Inner City Press to surrender the key to its long-time shared office. Read the UN letter here. Later, while Inner City Press was writing up a UN Security Council meeting on Syria that went into the evening, a total of eight UN Security guards under Deputy Chief Michael McNulty tore off Inner City Press  UN ID badge and grabbed Inner City Press  laptop and camera, before throwing them on the sidewalk on First Avenue as well as physically throwing journalist Matthew Lee on the street in freezing weather, without a coat. Audio here; video as UN Security turns off Inner City Press  Periscope livestream here:  Ban Ki-moon, whose  victory tour  of blood-soaked northern Sri Lanka Inner City Press covered and was never forgiven for by Ban s UN, was the target of a demonstration in Jaffa for the ouster of Inner City Press. Tamils in Jaffna protest the cancellation of the resident correspondent s press accreditation of Inner City Press from the UN Building in New York City: Supporters of Inner City Press launched a petition to restore Lee and Inner City Press to its former office space.READ MORE UN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire UN Files",0
22643,"BOMBSHELL: Classified NATO Report Praises Russia Airstrikes as ‘Efficient, and Accurate’ in Syria","21st Century Wire says This latest bombshell report leaked from NATO flies in the face of all the ad nauseam Washington and London talking point that somehow,  Russia is NOT targeting terrorists in Syria .This is a serious dent to the increasingly hollow and baseless anti-Russian rhetoric coming out of Washington and the west s  expert  media circles #Pentagon attacks on #Russia linked to military budget debate in #Congress   MoD https://t.co/O36mOnyX8g pic.twitter.com/WERflf6GcE  RT (@RT_com) February 26, 2016RTThe Russian task force in Syria has demonstrated remarkable efficiency and professionalism, according to a German magazine citing confidential NATO analysis.The limited Russian contingent operating in Syria is outperforming the more widespread groupings of the US-led anti-Islamic State coalition, according to Germany s FOCUS media outlet who came by the classified NATO document, which was prepared by the alliance s military experts.The document points out that Russia deployed 40 warplanes, performing some 75 sorties a day (until the ceasefire came into effect on February 27). The airstrikes, usually delivered on several targets during each combat flight, are  accurate and efficient,  the analysis reportedly says.The US-led counterterrorist coalition, deploying about 180 warplanes against Islamic State (IS, former ISIS/ISIL), strikes only about 20 targets a day. The paper says the number of Russian fighter jets on the ground is  clearly inferior in number  to NATO s group, but the higher frequency of the Russian air raids makes them more effective.The US-led counterterrorist coalition has been operating in Iraq and Syria for over a year, while Russia launched its offensive on terrorist groups on September 30, 2015.The NATO report points out that the Russian task force obtains actual intelligence about important terrorist targets from special forces and spies on the ground, as well as Syrian Air Force aerial reconnaissance.The Russian Air Force has turned the Syrian battlefield into a test ground for advanced military technologies, such as deploying ultra-modern Sukhoi Su-35 fighter jets to Syria s Khmeimim airbase. The plane is believed by many experts to be superior to most existing warplanes, the report claims.The NATO report acknowledged that it is the highly professional performance of the Russian task force in Syria that made the greatest contribution in putting an end to the cruel  display of power  practiced by terrorists in Syria for years.The FOCUS media outlet stressed the document never mentions any civilian casualties caused by Russian airstrikes Continue this story at RT READ MORE NATO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NATO Files",0
22644,HOLLYWOOD WITCHCRAFT: The Dark Side Revealed in The Witch (2016),"Jay Dyer 21st Century WireJamie Hanshaw, author of Operation Culture Creation 1 and 2, and Hollywood Mind Control, joins me to break down the esoteric symbols and occult aspects of 5 films: The recent hit The Witch, horror classic Suspiria, Henson s The Witches, The Devil Rides Out and Disney s Hocus Pocus.From British Intelligence to Disney darkness, what is the secret message behind these films?To hear the second half of this podcast go to Jays Analysis.com for information about becoming a subscriber.Jay Dyer is the author of the forthcoming title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day.  Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast,  Esoteric Hollywood, investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.READ MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood Files",0
22645,Neocon Nightmare: Trump Wants to ‘Get Along With Foreign Countries’,"21st Century Wire says Could this be the real reason why Trump is so despised by the elite Republican establishment?Watch a video of this report here:  Trump had this to say: Wouldn t it be nice if actually we could get along with Russia, that we could get along with foreign countries.  The neocon political faction that has dominated the Republican Party during recent history believes there is little to be gained from cooperation in politics, and prefers confrontation and domination instead; as they amply demonstrated with their 2003 Iraq War.For Donald Trump to be specifically saying that he wants to  get along with Russia  is unparalleled, as Mitt Romney, the 2012 Republican presidential candidate, said that Russia was without question our number one geopolitical foe .A world with an American President that wants  to get along  might certainly look a lot different to today s. Yet, as we are seeing, with the myriad of attacks against Trump, certain political and military industrial complex elite interests are not happy about the concept.Of course, we must remember that this is still just that   a concept. However good of a concept it is, Trump may very well not deliver this goal.Still, it certainly is a very different, and somewhat sweeter, change to the tune of American foreign policy rhetoric than we are used to hearing.Do you believe Trump has the right foreign policy stance, and will he implement it?GET THE FULL STORY ON ELECTION 2016: 21st Century Wire Election Files",0
22646,BATTLE OVER PRIVACY: Why the FBI’s Case Against Apple is Falling Apart,"Shawn Helton 21st Century WireThis week a House Judiciary Committee began overseeing details of a US Federal Court case between tech company Apple and the FBI.On February 16th, Apple CEO Tim Cook publicly rejected a court order to decrypt an iPhone said to be connected to the San Bernardino mass-shooting case from December of 2015.The House Judiciary Committee listened to the controversial case between tech titan Apple and the FBI a day after Magistrate Judge James Orenstein of New York, struck down a federal court order pressuring Apple to help access encrypted data in a separate case involving illegal drug trafficking.The landmark decision made by Judge Orenstein stated that the All Writs Act of 1789 (also used as the FBI s main argument in the Apple/San Bernardino case) does not permit a court to order companies to pull encrypted data off a customer s phone or tablet,  according to a recent article from The Washington Post.The Post continued by discussing Orenstein s lengthy argument against the FBI s order against Apple in the drug related case: In a 50-page opinion disdainful of the government s arguments, Orenstein found that the All Writs Act does not apply in instances where Congress had the opportunity but failed to create an authority for the government to get the type of help it was seeking, such as having firms ensure they have a way to obtain data from encrypted phones. In addition, The Post outlined some of the social engineering aspects involved in the lead up to the FBI drug case overseen by Judge Orenstein, a case which has arguably been a part of an overarching back drop concerning the larger San Bernardino case: The Brooklyn case began last fall when Orenstein, one of a handful of magistrates across the country who are activists in the surveillance debate, received the government s application to issue an order to Apple. While Apple has previously helped the federal government with some 70 phone cases since 2008, Judge Orenstein examined several problems with the FBI s use of the All Writs Act: In an Oct. 9 ruling, Orenstein identified what he thought was a problem with the government s argument. Though prosecutors cited a 1985 decision that found that the All Writs Act is a source of authority to issue writs  not otherwise covered by statute,  he said they failed to cite another part of the decision that found that the act does not authorize the issuance of  ad hoc writs whenever compliance with statutory procedures appears inconvenient or less appropriate. The new ruling in the FBI drug case will likely have a heavy impact on the eventual ruling in the San Bernardino/Apple court order, as it directly questions the heart of the government s argument to gain easier access to encrypted consumer data.It s also interesting to note, that it was the FBI who put themselves in this position regarding the San Bernardino phone as they reportedly ordered the password to be reset via iCloud shortly after the apparent mass shooting.You have to wonder why the agency would have ordered a new password almost immediately following the highly dramatic scene in San Bernardino   INVENTIONS OF REALITY?    Is this latest  privacy crisis  a manufactured drama or a legitimate battle for those in the tech industry? (Photo illustration 21WIRE)What s interesting here, is that ABC news reported on December 3rd, a day after the apparent shooting,  Sources say mobile phones, hard drives, virtually anything with digital memory that was associated with the alleged shooters   Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik   was smashed. Adding to that, we ve mentioned a number of times here at 21WIRE, that none of the eyewitness testimony mentioned seeing a female shooter at the scene of the Inland Regional Center in the aftermath of the San Bernardino shooting.A Right to PrivacyIn our previous article detailing the ongoing encryption saga between Apple and the FBI, we stated that there are no guarantees in the security world, especially if a digital master-key were to be created, as this would potentially make it easier for invaders (either the government, or various hackers) mining for data moving forward into the future.In a recent Guardian article, some of those involved in the technology and security sector offered their thoughts regarding the government s continued encroachment on individual privacy:Dan Kaminsky, the security expert who made his name with the discovery that one of the most basic parts of the internet, the domain name system, was vulnerable to fraud   disagrees:  Feds want final authority on engineering decisions, and their interests don t even align with fighting the vast bulk of real-world crime. Kaminsky further explained why Apple s security measures already help law enforcement, If my iPhone is stolen, my emails stay unread, my photos stay unviewed, and I don t need to notify anyone that the secrets they entrusted me with are going to show up on the internet tomorrow. Continuing, The Guardian interviewed former FBI agent Michael German, currently at judicial think-tank the Brennan Center. The following is a portion of that interview: After 9/11, you had this concept of total information awareness. The intelligence community was very enamoured of the idea that all information was available. Much like the NSA, they wanted to see it all, collect it all, and analyse it all. Additionally, there are many who believe weaker encryption may pose an even bigger security risk globally.In many ways, it appears as though federal agencies are seemingly searching for the right crisis to push public opinion in favor of the state when it comes to security.This is at the core of the perpetual privacy and security battle post 9/11   TARGETING PRIVACY    FBI Director James Comey speaking at the Brookings Institution in October of 2014 about Going Dark. (Photo link brookings)Shining a Light on the FBI  Going Dark Last September, The Washington Post published an article entitled, Obama faces growing momentum to support widespread encryption,   and within its contents, perhaps the true nature of the security/privacy issue was laid bare (hat tip saperetic): Privately, law enforcement officials have acknowledged that prospects for congressional action this year are remote. Although  the legislative environment is very hostile today,  the intelligence community s top lawyer, Robert S. Litt, said to colleagues in an August e-mail, which was obtained by The Post,  it could turn in the event of a terrorist attack or criminal event where strong encryption can be shown to have hindered law enforcement. There is value, he said, in  keeping our options open for such a situation. Interestingly, in October of 2014, FBI Director James B. Comey, explained while speaking at the Brookings Institution he was  focused on trying to get the law changed  so that tech companies would have to comply with law enforcement to unlock data on various devices.Continuing, he outlined the current security agenda concerning the FBI,  We have the legal authority to intercept and access communications and information pursuant to a court order, but we often lack the technical ability to do that. The Brookings speech from 2014, appeared in stark contrast with a recent emotionally driven op-ed Comey wrote for Lawfare entitled  We Could Not Look the Survivors in the Eye if We Did Not Follow this Lead. Here s a passage from that piece, that clearly displays the conflicting message of the FBI director: We simply want the chance, with a search warrant, to try to guess the terrorist s passcode without the phone essentially self-destructing and without it taking a decade to guess correctly. That s it. We don t want to break anyone s encryption or set a master key loose on the land. The Guardian refers to this as a  two-pronged approach  on the public s senses   as one tone from the FBI comes across as caring and the other seems more focused on the greater, nationalistic implications of encryption.Think good cop/bad cop hovering over you in an interrogation room and you d be getting very warm.This is the kind of psychological drama that has prompted some in media to think that the law enforcement agency has been exploiting the public in the wake of tragedy, in order to increase security measures.This is absolutely something to watch.So, what are we to make of the FBI s claims of going dark in the digital age?It has long since been claimed that intelligence agencies fear going dark in the age of high-tech gadgetry. This idea is vastly overblown and not rooted in reality, especially when you consider the many revelations concerning NSA spying, collection of bulk metadata and other tracking programs such as the IMSI catcher, otherwise known as Stingray (Stingray acts as cell tower locking onto all devices in a certain area) intercepts phone calls, texts, as well as your location.The very notion that law enforcement will somehow be condemned eternally to outdated methods to catch criminals in the future   is patently absurd.Furthermore, the concept and presentation of the FBI s  going dark  scenario is nothing more than a talking point used to increase a police state apparatus within the United States.Don t PanicOn February 1st, a group of experts published report regarding the current status of law enforcement and their ability to keep up with the demands of crime solving in the world today. The lengthy report entitled  Don t Panic was compiled by The Berkman Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University. Here s a passage below examining the FBI s catchy mantra,  Going Dark :The U.S. intelligence and law enforcement communities view this trend with varying degrees of alarm, alleging that their interception capabilities are  going dark.  As they describe it, companies are increasingly adopting technological architectures that inhibit the government s ability to obtain access to communications, even in circumstances that satisfy the Fourth Amendment s warrant requirements. Encryption is the hallmark of these architectures. Government officials are concerned because, without access to communications, they fear they may not be able to prevent terrorist attacks and investigate and prosecute criminal activity. Their solution is to force companies to maintain access to user communications and data, and provide that access to law enforcement on demand, pursuant to the applicable legal process. However, the private sector has resisted. Critics fear that architectures geared to guarantee such access would compromise the security and privacy of users around the world, while also hurting the economic viability of U.S. companies. They also dispute the degree to which the proposed solutions would truly prevent terrorists and criminals from communicating in mediums resistant to surveillance.While the report states that encryption is a difficult issue for law enforcement, all sorts of digital data is unencrypted and therefore can be accessed via a search warrant if there is cause   not to mention the spying capabilities of a plethora of smart devices also available for review.Below is FBI Director (former Senior Vice President at Lockheed Martin) discussing the idea that the government is Going Dark In an article entitled  Here s Why the FBI Went After Apple When It Did,  Fortune magazine revealed that on February 9th, DOJ head Loretta Lynch requested  an extra $38 million to help the FBI development workarounds on data encryption, bringing the total budget of what it calls  project Going Dark  to $69 million. Will the FBI continue to develop  encryption workarounds  in the event that they lose their battle with Apple over the San Bernardino case?In Summary Regardless of how you shape the court battle between Apple and the FBI, this is about the government wanting a more direct route into personal devices moving ahead.For Apple, this is a very important issue as a dip in consumer confidence, could be a crushing blow to the tech company s overall brand.It s important to remember anomaly ridden events such as the San Bernardino shooting and the suspicious events in Garland, Texas, of last year, in addition to other inconvenient truths concerning the government s role in manufacturing its own terror plots   which have ironically prompted calls for greater national security, while continuing to appropriate large funds to federal agencies.You have to wonder, has the FBI s case against Apple fallen apart?READ MORE ENCRYPTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Encryption Files",0
22647,"US Delta Force Begins Targeting ISIS in Iraq, Threatens ‘Unilateral Operations in Syria’","21st Century Wire says While you were watching the presidential reality show, the Pentagon was busy putting boots back on the ground in Iraq and threatening to invade Syria.Watch a video of this report here: CNN reports that the unit has been  setting up safe houses, establishing informant networks and coordinating operations with Iraqi and Peshmerga units  in the past few weeks.Defence Secretary Ash Carter said: The only thing I ll say is the Expeditionary Targeting Force (Delta) is in position, it is having an effect and operating, and I expect it to be a very effective part of our acceleration campaign, Carter explained that the deployment of special forces was to make ISIS  fear that anywhere, anytime, it may be struck. Delta Force is 200-men strong in Iraq, and will be carrying out raids on targets, recovering hostages, eliminating terrorist commanders and gathering intelligence from enemy locations.Carter also said: This force will also be in a position to conduct unilateral operations in Syria. What Carter is really saying is that Delta Force may be used illegally in Syria, as they have no mandate from the sovereign Syrian government, or the UN for that matter, to conduct any operations at all on Syrian territory.Some might even say this is an American threat to invade Syria.Russian actions, on the other hand, are absolutely legal under international law, as they are fully sanctioned by the Syrian government.Earlier this week we learned that the Russian special forces unit Spetznaz was infiltrating ISIS with undercover operatives, which enabled airstrikes to hit within just three meters of their targets.Do you think Delta Force will have a real effect on the fight against ISIS?GET THE FULL STORY ON THE SYRIAN CRISIS: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22648,"BOILER ROOM – EP #46 – Murder, Witchery, Politricks & A Manatee","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East, Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis & ACR/21Wire contributor Randy J. In this broadcast listeners will be hearing us go around the BOILER ROOM on a veritable feast of topics including commentary on the latest in the lame stream media reality TV show that is the US Presidential race, the mysterious death of Supreme Court Justice Scalia, an in depth discussion with Jay Dyer on the pitfalls of anarchy/libertarian ideologies, predictive programming aimed at children through Barbie cartoons, unfortunate experiences in air travel, a cautionary tale about manatees and a discourse between Randy J and Hesher on aftermath of the Oregon stand off. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE! LISTEN TO THE RECORDING IN THE PLAYER BELOW   ENJOY! ",0
22649,Survey: Top Ten Fears of 2015," Truthstream MediaOut of 88 potential horrors this batch of 1,500+ Americans were asked to rank in regard to their personal level of fear in 2015, you ll never guess what the number one thing people are most afraid of in this country Or perhaps you will. What an amazingly sad statement on modern America and the times we are living in.The survey can be found here.Americans Deepest FearsAre Americans today afraid of criminals with guns or a government that would seek to disarm its citizens?The impositions of the system now rank higher among worry than hyped factors like terrorism   with distrust at very high levels among citizens and consumers alike. People are becoming disconnected from the wealth and prosperity they once knew, and instead are facing a collapsing system that wishes to loot from its populace as the ship goes down.Dearly held rights in the American tradition are under threat today of vanishing, of being upended by a machine with secret designs.Corporate schemers, conniving bankers and corrupt government insiders are driving perpetual wars, a damaged economy, disappearing jobs and diminishing chances of achieving the American dream.Please share this article and story.Permission to repost or republish with attribution (to Truthstream Media) is granted under creative commons license.READ MORE SOCIAL ENGINEERING NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SE Files",0
22650,SHOUT POLL: Should Apple Give FBI Backdoor Access to iPhones?," 21st Century Wire asks HAVE YOUR SHOUT: Apple CEO Tim Cook publicly rejected an unprecedented US Federal Court order that would force the company to decrypt an iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino shooters   a move that would have vast implications.Vote, comment and share below  READ MORE ENCRYPTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Encryption Files",0
22651,"The Final Control: TPP, TTIP, TISA Global Corporate Takeover","21st Century Wire says This is a new geopolitical war, taking place between the United States and China.The rise of the so-called BRICS countries   Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa, along with countless other emerging economies, means that global power relations are gradually tipping away from the Anglo-American Axis, and towards Eurasia.The Anglo-American corporate confab will not allow this tectonic shift threaten their  interests.  Collectively, what the TPP, TTIP and TISA really are   is a new global governance super structure that overrides individual sovereign nations and their laws, and even the rights of their individual citizens.Under this new secretive regime, all are subservient to the transnational corporate hive WATCH: WikiLeaks   The US strategy to create a new global legal and economic system: TPP, TTIP, TISA:  ",0
22652,Blood Sport: GOP Presidential Race Takes Another Brutal Turn As ‘Party Favorites’ Tear Into Trump,"Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireAs Baron Rothschild famously said back in the late 18th century,  When there s blood in the streets, it s time to buy property.  Too bad then that Donald Trump has to divest all of his holdings and put them in the hands of a blind trust. On the scale of ugly, last night s debate was a moon shot even by this election s sinking standards.Both Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz began their two hour-long sustained attack on the man in the middle, Donald Trump   relentlessly hitting the front-runner with every conceivable  gotcha  factoid and political angle. Trump hit back at Cruz calling him  a liar  and at Rubio calling the Florida Senator  choke artist  in reference to his meltdown at the hands of Chris Christie during the last televised debate. WAR: GOP rival Marco Rubio tearing into Donald Trump on an endless range of issues and supposed scandals.Clearly, CNN was also part of this coordinated attack, as they echoed Wall Street luminary and former presidential candidate Mitt Romney, going after Trump about publicly releasing his tax returns. Trump then hit back saying that he s being audited by the IRS and can t release his returns in the middle of an audit (which is actually true), and CNN, along with Cruz, kept hammering the issue straight into the post-debate media opportunity where CNN ing nue Chris Cuomo tried (and failed) to channel his inner Tim Russert as he continued the Trump tax probe.It didn t end there. Subsequent gang stalking by Rubio and Cruz were powered by the New York Times (who s adopted a overwhelmingly anti-Trump editorial stance early on), including accusations of fraud over the Trump University civil court case, Trump using Polish building labor in 1980 (the same year that Rubio and Cruz were beginning second grade), and accusations of hypocrisy over Trump s use of used H-2B Visa applications to import seasonal labor to build in south Florida (that one turned out to be  nothing burger  though. Trump, a seasoned litigator, didn t seemed too worried about the Trump University case, intimating that  the lawyers are taking care of that , and the Polish builder scandal (come on guys, who doesn t like Polish builders?) happened 36 years ago.Forget about airs and graces. This was a vicious battle   a historic new low for American politics. The fact Trump survived the beating was something in itself. If he does make it through this storm, then both Cruz and Rubio will have done The Donald a huge favor   having vetted and exorcised all of his scandals early on during the primary stage, and leaving Hillary and the media with little besides bone to chew on come August.When today s morning press came out, exactly as they have throughout this election, all of the mainstream media channels, newspapers and magazine loudly declared Trump s  debate defeat , and trumpeted Rubio  aggressiveness . Liberal establishment stalwart The Atlantic declared,  Trump s Terrible night , while NBC News ran with the headline that  Rubio and Cruz Hammer Trump , followed by the Washington Post trumpeting,  Rubio Won Debate, Put Trump on the Defensive. Other wishful pundits weighed in, like media mogul Glenn Beck (who is openly backing Ted Cruz and warning his audiences of an end times Armageddon if America doesn t elect a  true Christian Conservative  in November). Beck was ecstatic after Rubio s debate performance, especially after this week when Trump gatecrashed a Nevada event where Beck was stumping for Cruz.Rubio is killing it.#gopdebate  Glenn Beck (@glennbeck) February 26, 2016This morning, Rubio drew additional fire from the Trump CENTCOM after Rubio claimed that Donald Trump had received $200 million from his father, and said if not for his father s  inheritance , Trump would be  selling watches in Manhattan. This morning Rubio appeared at an outdoor media event where he tore into Trump, calling him a  con artist  and went on the pick apart Trump s spelling mistakes on Twitter. At this point, you just got the feeling that Rubio has ventured into a new area of media warfare outside of his own sanitized political wheelhouse. As the old saying goes: never wrestle with a pig.In the end, it was Trump who stole the wind from Rubio s sails, when early the following morning he appeared on national TV next to firebrand GOP candidate, Chris Christie, garnering a power midstream endorsement from the popular New Jersey governor. RENT-A-CROWD? Critics have pointed out that Rubio s crowds appear as props for the camera, as seen at this morning s Rubio rally in Texas.Crowds For Hire?With so many people disengaged from mainstream politics and from major broadcast media, politicians are said to be turning to PR agencies and  rent-a-crowd  services in order to fill out their camera frames and look more appealing to audiences. More than any other previous presidential election cycle, this 2016 race has seen more accusations of this   leveled mainly at GOP candidates like Jeb Bush   but also towards Marco Rubio. At this morning s media event, Rubio s team had hand-picked dozens of youths and immaculately dressed made up crowds   carefully assembled in rows behind and directly below Rubio. Interestingly, the teen models and the gangsters do not cheer with the core crowd positioned between the cameras and Rubio   they simply smile, and many of these people are wearing sunglasses   on an overcast morning in Texas. Even hip hop gangster-looking students wearing color-coordinated red hoodies   many of whom are even too young to vote, appear disinterested, as if they are being paid $40 to stand in a row in the camera frame.If this is any indication of Rubio s  New American Century , then it s certainly cause for worry. The fact that Rubio stole his campaign slogan from Donald Rumsfeld and John Bolton s neoconservative pro-war think tank, Project for A New American Century (PNAC) is interesting, and the fact the media have not commented yet on this is highly suspect.Ironically, it was the brash hawk Donald Trump who took the high ground on the issue of the Middle East. When asked about his commitment to Israel, Trump pointed out that he would not take sides beforehand when brokering any peace deal between the Israelis and the Palestinians, and even stated that if he could negotiate a peace deal between the perennial warring neighbors that,  It would be my greatest achievement as US president.  Who can really argue with that? Well, hermanos Cubanos did. Cruz and Rubio were furious at this point, and the reason for this has to be that both of them have received mucho dinero from the Israeli Lobby to maintain a categorically anti-Palestinian stance. Cruz and Rubio adopted a very ugly tone during this exchange, both telegraphing their commitment to the decrepit status quo   meaning that there would be no peace in the Middle East on their watch. Once again, Cruz and Rubio are completely out of touch with what voters really want.Almost one year ago I said on the SUNDAY WIRE SHOW that the Republican establishment would be looking to hedge its approach to returning to the White House more than they have in past elections   this time going for the mathematical and demographically pragmatic option   which would be Marco Rubio, with Wisconsin s Scott Walker throwing early innings in the bull pen. Orthodox RNC thinking last spring believed that with Rubio, with less than one term in Senate and no leadership experience, could somehow repeat the  Obama effect  of 2008 and finally usher their party into the 21st century. Things looked very different for Hillary last spring too, where she seemed invincible on the Democrat side as well as in national polling. On paper at least, it seems that Rubio would  tick all the right boxes  for the GOP elite who are presiding over a party in decline and disarray   he s young (44 years old, although you d punt him at a decade his junior), and even more importantly he s Latino, which gives the GOP a shot a pulling in a crucial trilateral voter compliment: Hispanic-American, independents and moderate Democrats. On paper this all makes perfect sense, but running for President in the United States of America isn t simply a case of what looks logical on paper. Case and point: Bernie Sanders, Ben Carson and, of course, Donald Trump.CurtainsIf Cruz loses his home state Texas GOP primary on March 1st, then it s lights out for the Cruz campaign. Right now Cruz and Trump are in a dead heat, nearly tied in the pre-polling, with Cruz a few points ahead. Ditto for Rubio in his home state Florida s GOP primary on March 15th. Currently, Trump is burying Rubio by an average of 15+ points in every poll for Florida. Birther issues aside, this has always been the knock against both Rafael Edward  Ted  Cruz (photo, left) and Marco Rubio: just like Barack Obama, they are too young and with no real experience governing, and like Obama, destined to become party functionaries.Trump supporters will often point out that while their man was building skyscrapers in Manhattan, both Cruz and Rubio were still scraping their knees playing dodge ball in junior high. Putting this into perspective, it s hard to take a junior politician seriously when they talk about  restoring America . Like him or hate him, Trump has a long list of achievements and powerful relationships, and has actually created jobs. As much as politicians tell us that their successive administrations have conjured  job creation , the truth is that Americans no longer believe this lie, and millions now see Donald J. Trump as the antidote to that institutional fib. If you polled Americans today and asked them: would you rather live on government assistance or build your own company and be independently wealthy (?), it s fairly certain that the overwhelming majority of Americans would choose the latter   even if it meant risking everything. Trump understands this dynamic better than any other candidate because for him, it s not a theoretical proposition. In essence this is the American Dream, and therein lies the disconnect for both career politicians Rubio and Cruz, and perhaps for Hillary Clinton too, should she face-off against Trump later on.Despite the mainstream media insistence that Marco Rubio  won  Thursday night s debate, and  Ted Cruz looked  strong , it s fairly clear that both candidates are now relying on negative attacks and cruel swipes, in effect, trying to out-Trump The Donald. If that s their main strategic directive   and mind you we haven t even reached super Tuesday yet   then it s fair to say we are looking at the final desperate lunges of two highly over-inflated political marketing exercises. Their double team might have impressed a few media gatekeepers, but in the end it didn t make the Cuban pair look presidential. At this stage of the race, looking presidential is important, but when you re desperately playing catch-up you simply can t afford to look presidential, according to Rubio and Cruz anyway. Just another example of how short-term logic rules this race.Meanwhile, the media continue to scratch their heads and quietly panic (think of all the retractions and back pedaling if Trump wins) as Trump continues to win primaries and scoop-up delegates on his way towards a Republican nomination.Watch Rubio s somewhat vain attempt at gutter politics this morning in Texas:   It was amusing to watch CNN interrogators, along with Rubio and Cruz, lay into Trump about his lack of specifics on his healthcare plan. Trump stuck to his canned lines, and generalities, and lost no ground with his supporters either. It should also be said voters don t really care about hearing policy details either, as the population has finally copped on to the fact that candidates will say anything to get elected and that no president will ever make good on his or her campaign promises. Eight years of Obama taught America that lesson once and for all.Throughout the CNN event, Trump would point out individual corporate lobbyists in the audience from various industries including the pharmaceutical industry. The fact of the matter here is, despite painting themselves as rebels and  DC outsiders , both Rubio and Cruz made it on the stage by taking millions of dollars from various Washington DC lobbies. The same special interests have poured fortunes into Super PACs which are presently funding Cruz and Rubio s presidential campaigns and paying for all of their million dollar TV ad slots. Trump, on the other hand, is funding his own campaign and is not bought and paid for.Collectively, between Scott Walker, Jeb Bush, Rick Perry, John Kasich, Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz, hundreds of millions of dollars have been donated, invested and spent   in order to try and inflate a bloated GOP field   and give lift-off to each one of these political balloons. As it stands now, all of this money will have been spent in vain. The only winners will be the media consultants and PR companies who produced mountains campaign ads and printed material, and also the TV networks, like CNN, FOX and the others, who ran all of those costly political ads.Towards the end of CNN s gladiatorial event last night, Trump got the last word, and again, it reflected the public mood and thus will further galvanize his support base. He exclaimed: Politicians are all talk, no action   just like these two here (Cruz and Rubio)  Look what s happening to our country. Trade, vets, common core, Obamacare: I ll get it done, they won t, and we will Make America Great Again. Once again, it s not a question of whether voters believe everything he says, or like everything he does. Just as Jimmy Carter was to cure for Nixon s epic corruption, and the Simple Jack approach of George W. Bush was the beneficiary of Bill Clinton s shameful antics in the Oval office, and just as Barack Obama was the natural reaction to the nation s WMD shame and intellectual inadequacy of two terms of George W. Bush   so too is Donald Trump the natural progression following eight years of divisive partisan  lead from behind  community organizer-in-chief politics by Barack Obama.If Trump does win the nomination in July, then this general election will be one of the most rancorous contests in American history.  The real fun has only just begun.READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22653,HIDDEN ORDER: Was the Death of Justice Scalia Linked to ‘Secret Society’ at Cibolo Ranch?,"Shawn Helton   21st Century WireWith the United States in the heat of the 2016 presidential election cycle, key questions surrounding the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia continue to persist  as there s a new conspiratorial twist added to an already suspicious case.Recently, here at 21WIRE, we discussed many of the strange circumstances observed in the aftermath of Justice Scalia s death. The 79-year-old conservative justice was found dead in his hotel room at Cibolo Creek Ranch, a luxury ranch located in Presidio County, Texas.There was no official autopsy made by a medical examiner in Scalia s death, only a controversial pronouncement over the phone by Presidio County Judge Cinderela Guevara.As 21WIRE pointed out in an earlier report regarding Scalia, Guevara appears to have reversed her previous statement claiming that Scalia had died of a  heart attack , revising the cause of death to  natural causes.  Guevara s handling of the death scene of a Supreme Court Justice without being present has drawn sharp criticism from both the media and the public.  ORIGINAL MEANING  Controversial conservative firebrand, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. (Photo illustration 21WIRE)Secret Order, Secret Death?On February 24th, The Washington Post published an article entitled  Justice Scalia spent his last hours with members of this secretive society of elite hunters : When Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia died 12 days ago at a West Texas ranch, he was among high-ranking members of an exclusive fraternity for hunters called the International Order of St. Hubertus, an Austrian society that dates back to the 1600s. Continuing, The Washington Post confirmed that indeed, the FBI will not be conducting an investigation into Supreme Court Justice Scalia s death. On an interesting note however, the article states that the FBI was unaware of the secretive international order all together: Law enforcement officials told The Post that they had no knowledge of the International Order of St. Hubertus or its connection to Poindexter and ranch guests. The officials said the FBI had declined to investigate Scalia s death when they were told by the marshals that he died from natural causes.   CLOAK & DAGGER    Members of The International Order of Saint Hubertus, from left: John Kotts, Boysie Bollinger, Vidal Martinez, Reed Morian and John Poindexter. (Photo link chron)The Washington Post article also revealed the identity of Scalia s travel partners:  C. Allen Foster, a prominent Washington lawyer who traveled to the ranch with Scalia by private plane,  and that Cibolo Creek Ranch owner John Poindexter, along with C. Allen Foster, had flown with Scalia to the ranch for the now infamous quail-hunting trip.Also according to the Post, both Poindexter and Foster,  hold leadership positions within the [Saint Hubertus] Order. It is unclear what, if any, official association Scalia had with the group. While the Post acknowledged that many of the 35 guests in attendance at Cibolo Creek Ranch have remained largely unknown to the public eye, they discuss some of the details surrounding the St. Hubertus order, an international brotherhood whose founding member, Count Franz Anton von Sporck , also started a branch of Freemasonry in Bohemia (now the Czech Republic): Members of the worldwide, male-only society wear dark-green robes emblazoned with a large cross and the motto  Deum Diligite Animalia Diligentes,  which means  Honoring God by honoring His creatures,  according to the group s website. The conspiratorial coincidence doesn t end there, it was also revealed that  The society s [Saint Hubertus] U.S. chapter launched in 1966 at the famous Bohemian Club in San Francisco.   CIBOLO CONSPIRACY    What really happened to Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. (Photo link twitter)Magic Bullets Become  Magic Pillows Another bizarre element to this story, was the description and discovery of Scalia s body when it was first found by Cibolo Creek ranch owner, Poindexter. This aspect of the story is illustrated very clearly in a passage from the blog Followship of the Minds: On February 14, 2016, in an article for mySA (MySanAntonio) titled,  Texas Ranch owner recalls Scalia s last hours, reporter John MacCormack quoted Poindexter: We discovered the judge in bed, a pillow over his head.Everything was in perfect order. He was in his pajamas, peacefully, in bed. His bed clothes were unwrinkled. He was lying very restfully. It looked like he had not quite awakened from a nap. On February 17, Poindexter  clarified  his comment to the New York Daily News that  There was a pillow over his head, not over his face. The face was entirely clear. And now, the latest.David Warren reports for the AP that according to a Presidio County Sheriff s Office incident report obtained by The Washington Post on Feb. 23, nothing appeared out of place around Scalia s bed. Three pillows were stacked to elevate Scalia s head. A top pillow appeared to have toppled onto his eyes and forehead but didn t appear positioned to impede his breathing.  Scalia s  arms were at his side atop the bed covers, which were pulled up to his chin. The bed covers were smooth and creased and showed no sign of a struggle. That is one magic pillow!First, it was over Scalia s head.Then, it was above Scalia s head, whose face was  entirely clear .Now, the pillow is neither over nor above Scalia s head, but partially covering his face ( toppled onto his eyes and forehead ), although the pillow made sure to position itself so as not to  impede his breathing .   SECRETS IN CIBOLO    The scenic surroundings of Cibolo Creek Ranch. (Photo link tripadvisor)While you have to wonder about the confusion surrounding Scalia s pillow placement, The Washington Post s recent eye-opening revelations regarding the Order of St. Hubertus   give us some other things to consider Silencing Conspiracy with ConspiracyThe overtly conspiracy-tinged Post piece is a rarity in the mainstream world, one that conjure s many Hollywood or government tales of murder, deception and intrigue throughout history.The acknowledgement of a decadent Eyes Wide Shut-like  secret society  on location at Cibolo Creek Ranch prior to Scalia s death, only enhances the drive by voyeurism witnessed since his passing and in a way, it could undermine any legitimate investigation into his death after the fact.While its true, this compelling new detail will most likely bring its lion s share of political protest, as well as predictable calls for congressional inquiry or a push for a federal investigation (as should be)   the heavily publicized presence of a secretive fraternal order of hunters nearby a suspicious crime scene, will unfortunately fuel more speculation.Put another way: Whether or not the secret group at Cibolo Creek Ranch was involved in Scalia s death, you have to wonder why the mainstream media revealed this latest conspiratorial element in the first place.Media gatekeepers in television, print and radio will have a field day with this new controversial piece, all the while pushing and pulling the population into a particular corner   and by the looks of it, that s already happening.Having said all of this however, there s still much to be concerned with regarding Scalia s highly suspicious death   OBAMA NO-SHOW    The funeral service for Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia. Oddly, President Obama elected not to attend. (Photo link detroitnewstime)Big Questions RemainOver the years, Scalia s various political connections and political perspective on important issues earned him a controversial reputation.In 2014, Justice Scalia drew harsh criticism for his views on the CIA torture debate, when the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee released a report on the interrogation techniques used since the 9/11 attacks.Whether you agreed or disagreed with Scalia, it s important to note once again that the high court has several pending landmark cases on climate, abortion and immigration, all within weeks or months of his death.The NY Post s recent article entitled  Scalia could have been poisoned: forensic pathologist, raised even more questions about the state of Scalia s body upon being discovered: Lethal poisoning could have left Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia s body in virtually the same condition in which it was found, a top forensic pathologist [Dr. Michael Baden] told The Post on Wednesday. For the time being, were left to wonder what other secrets lie in Cibolo Creek Ranch regarding the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22654,The Android Affair: Humanity Outsourced,"Randy Johnson 21st Century WireThe future is coming and technology is coming with it.  Are we adapting to the future or holding on to  the old ways ?  Is a future of technology with circuit boards, screens, and machines something that can be weaponized or used to shape and control society  no different than gunpowder, nuclear energy, and marketing?To many, often considered great minds, technology and artificial intelligence has had an ominous role in science fiction in film and literature.  George Orwell, Isaac Asimov, Arthur C. Clark, and Philip K. Dick are some of the giants of this genre.  Their work has inspired countless Hollywood movies and television programs and can often get someone wondering if life is imitating art, or vice versa.  Another option is that nearly everything has an element of design all along. ANDROID AFFAIR: Big business and robotics (Image Source: WikiCommons)As far back as the 1927 film Metropolis, robotics, class segregation, industry, and even humanity itself, appear on a collision course.  Some might even argue that humanity, technology, and robotics, are already into an integration phase.Since then we know the not all inclusive list of characters.  The Space Odyssey 2001 s HAL 1000, Star Wars   human cyborg relations  C-3PO, Blade Runner s Nexus 6 Replicants, and the infamous Terminator. HOLLYWOOD REALITY: 1980s science fiction comes to life (Image Source: WikiCommons)Martin Ford, author of Rise of The Machines, is a highly sought after speaker across the globe.  He is often utilized as a consultant, for corporations and industries with regards to robotics.  In the 2015 Business Book of The Year, in his acceptance speech Ford stated  Even people that do everything they are supposed to do [to get a good job] may find it difficult to get a foothold in the economy. Piling on to the prospects of a bleak future, Wired Magazine states,  Oxford University researchers have estimated that 47 percent of U.S. jobs could be automated within the next two decades. And if even half that number is closer to the mark, workers are in for a rude awakening. The impact of robotics in industry and its effects in the workforce has also been reported on here at 21st Century Wire.It is a foreboding thing to contemplate, but are we being outsourced?A robot will not call in sick or ask for a wage increase.  It will not fight with others unless programmed to.  It will not complain, throw a fit, collect unemployment, leave early, or join the workers union to fight the corporation.  Once integrated and a part of industry, it will save money.  It will not require an annual review.  When it becomes irrelevant to newer technology, it will be replaced.Getting to a robotic future will even  create new jobs  no doubt.  A small industry of technicians and favored class of people who monitor, fix, and improve the technology could hold the coveted jobs for those selected and chosen to deserve them.Too far away?  Not in our lifetime?Watch the below video of Boston Dynamic s 5 9  180 pound Atlas robot interact with its surroundings and perform the labor its makers designed it to do. READ MORE ON ROBOTS: 21st Century Wire Robot Files",0
22655,"BOILER ROOM – EP #45 – Horror Hotel, Trump Gatecrash & Cynical Ploys","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis & ACR contributor Randy J and Boiler Room Presidential Candidate select: Stewart Howe. In this broadcast listeners will be hearing us go around the BOILER ROOM on a veritable feast of topics including Donald Trump steamrolling the GOP and gatecrashing Glenn Beck s Cruz Caucus event, some esoteric analysis with Jay Dyer in the realms of serial killers, Dune and more, the Clinton Epstein connections and the usual conversational holes the Boiler crew somehow seems to dig themselves in and out of. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!",0
22656,Syria Ceasefire Deal: A Cynical Ploy by Washington’s ‘Coalition’ to Buy Time for Terrorists,"21st Century Wire says This latest diplomatic development certainly appears positive on its surface, this week s declared  Syrian Ceasefire    a three-way agreement between Washington, Russia and the Syrian government (and begrudgingly by the West s other regional  stakeholders ) looks increasingly like it may just be the latest attempt to buy time   so that Washington, Turkey and Saudi Arabia can re-arm and replenish various militant fighting groups currently laying waste to Syria.Since the entrance of the Russian Air Force into the Syrian conflict theatre last October, the Washington-led Axis has gradually lost proxy-control of a number of key terrorist strongholds in Northern Syria, namely in Aleppo, and thus are unable to dictate crucial  facts on the ground  required to dictate the international media and political narratives. Unable to craft and package these narratives, the West and its dubious  coalition  are completely unable to sell an escalation of military violence in Syria.The fact that the Washington Axis has already threatened to move to a  Plan B    even before the agreement has been implemented, indicates that this diplomatic effort may in fact be  dead on arrival . Before the ink was even dry on the agreement, sources inside the CIA and the Pentagon went public with a preemptive statement claiming that,  Russia cannot be trusted to uphold the ceasefire . The scene is now set.Watch as 21WIRE founder and editor Patrick Henningsen speaks to Sean Thomas from RT International about why the ceasefire deal may not survive the spring . Patrick Henningsen talks Syria Ceasefire with RT International (2016) from 21wire on Vimeo.READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22657,Watch as Trump Gatecrashes Glenn Beck’s Cruz Caucus Event in Nevada," 21st Century Wire says One TV personality Trumps another TV personality.While GOP front runner Donald Trump was on his way to another resounding win, this time at the Nevada Caucus primary, he continued to rewrite the political rule book by making an unscheduled stop at a competitor s rally.  It couldn t have happened to a better entertainer (not Donald) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aCEtRKGsGQc . Eliza Collins PoliticoDonald Trump crashed the Nevada caucus location at which conservative talk show host Glenn Beck was speaking Tuesday night on behalf of Ted Cruz.MSNBC was broadcasting a live look at the caucus site, Palo Verde High School in Summerlin, when Trump suddenly showed up and made an impromptu speech of his own. We are going to have hopefully a historic night,  Trump said.  I appreciate everybody being here. I wanted to be here myself and say a few words. The billionaire informed his Twitter followers he would be  at various caucus sites  throughout Nevada on Tuesday, but didn t specify where.Afterward, MSNBC asked Trump about his allegation that Cruz is a liar. Ted is gonna start telling the truth   people have gotten wise to him,  Trump said, pointing to Cruz s third-place finish in South Carolina on Saturday as a problem for the Texas senator.  When he lifts his hands up high, I think he s going to be very happy. Continue this story at PoliticoREAD MORE 2016 ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22658,Wikileaks: NSA Spied on UN Secretary-General and World Leaders’ Secret Meetings," InverseWikileaks released tonight a new cache of documents, showing that the United States  National Security Administration bugged private meetings between major world leaders, including the United Nations Secretary General.The N.S.A. bugged meetings between U.N.S.G. Ban Ki-Moon, German chancellor Angela Merkel, Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi, Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and several representatives from other major world governments, listening in on their conversations on climate change, global economics, and even  how to deal with Obama,  according to the new documents. Today we showed that U.N. Secretary General Ban KiMoon s private meetings over how to save the planet from climate change were bugged by a country intent on protecting its largest oil companies,  said Wikileaks founder and editor Julian Assange, who is currently wanted by several world governments.Assange continued, in a statement that came out in conjunction with the data dump:  We previously published Hillary Clinton s orders that U.S. diplomats were to steal the Secretary General s D.N.A. The U.S. government has signed agreements with the U.N. that it will not engage in such conduct against the U.N.   let alone its Secretary General. It will be interesting to see the U.N. s reaction, because if the Secretary General can be targeted without consequence, then everyone from world leader to street sweeper is at risk. Continue this story at InverseREAD MORE NSA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NSA Files",0
22659,"SHOUT POLL: Will Donald Trump hold his lead, or will he tank?"," 21st Century Wire asks HAVE YOUR SHOUT: With a string of decisive victories in the New Hampshire and South Carolina GOP primaries, we ask our readers: can the mercurial Donald Trump sustain his lead?Vote, comment and share below  READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22660,ENCRYPTION TRUTH: What The FBI Aren’t Telling You About Their Battle With Apple And San Bernardino,"Shawn Helton 21st Century WireEarlier this week Apple CEO Tim Cook publicly rejected an unprecedented US Federal Court order that would force the company to decrypt an iPhone linked to one of the San Bernardino shooters   a move that would have vast implications  PRIVACY & PROTECTION: Apple CEO Tim Cook challenges FBI court order to unlock private data of users (Image Source: Iphoneitalia)Breaching Public Privacy In a published open letter entitled,  A Message to Our Customers,   Apple CEO Tim Cook strikingly opposed a recent federal court ruling that would unlock a phone that s been connected to the San Bernardino Mass Shooting case.The FBI ruling stipulates that Apple must provide access for one time only. However, cyber security experts and technology companies insist this is a virtual impossibility and a guarantee that cannot be made.In theory, the decryption of the phone would be opened via a newly created operating system that would give the FBI a backdoor into the device. But according to many skeptics, this type of backdoor feature could set a very dangerous precedent, while possibly making it much easier for invaders (either government, or hacker) mining for data well into the future.In addition, the new iOS (not yet in existence) proposed in the wake of the San Bernardino shooting would give US law enforcement agencies broader access to consumer communications and other private information according to many in the tech industry. This reality was confirmed by Apple s chief executive Cook, who outlined the staggering privacy implications this past Tuesday: The FBI wants us to make a new version of the iPhone operating system, circumventing several important security features, and install it on an iPhone recovered during the investigation. In the wrong hands, this software   which does not exist today   would have the potential to unlock any iPhone in someone s physical possession. In essence, the FBI s court order demand appears to bypass basic privacy rights, and when seen in a bigger picture outside of the San Bernardino case, it could be viewed as a violation of the public s 4th Amendment.Challenging The RulingOver the past 48 hours, there s been a social media frenzy, as Facebook, Twitter and Google have all expressed their support for Apple s court battle with federal authorities. This has also included the often entertaining if not perplexing, self-proclaimed  cybersecurity legend  John McAfee of McAfee Inc., who wrote an op-ed published with Business Insider, that dissects the potential fallout of the federal court ruling in similar fashion to that of Cook.Here s some of what the controversial cyber guru turned libertarian presidential hopeful had to say about the dire security circumstances facing Apple and the world at large: Using an obscure law, written in 1789   the All Writs Act   the US government has ordered Apple to place a back door into its iOS software so the FBI can decrypt information on an iPhone used by one of the San Bernardino shooters. It has finally come to this. After years of arguments by virtually every industry specialist that back doors will be a bigger boon to hackers and to our nation s enemies than publishing our nuclear codes and giving the keys to all of our military weapons to the Russians and the Chinese, our government has chosen, once again, not to listen to the minds that have created the glue that holds this world together. Continuing, cyber expert McAfee, offered up a glimpse what could transpire in the event of a blackmail scenario if such a digital backdoor were to exist: In spite of the FBI s claim that it would protect the back door, we all know that s impossible. There are bad apples everywhere, and there only needs to be in the US government. Then a few million dollars, some beautiful women (or men), and a yacht trip to the Caribbean might be all it takes for our enemies to have full access to our secrets.   ANTIVIRUS PIONEER    John McAfee, well-known American computer programmer. (Photo businessinsider) McAfee then summarized his op-ed with a ready-made-solution to the FBI s demands by offering his services, I will, free of charge, decrypt the information on the San Bernardino phone, with my team, over a three-week period.On the surface, a sensational gauntlet has been thrown down, calling for the court of public opinion to weigh in on a very important topic concerning privacy rights. But there s much more to it This latest  privacy crisis  might be viewed through a more cynical lens, should readers choose to view this drama as a story featuring controlled opposition   especially when considering the pedigree of those supposedly opposed to the FBI s recent court order.Is it possible that Apple and others have staged opposition to this court decree as a way to bolster their public image, before eventually allowing the rights of private citizens to be abused? Both Cook and McAfee have direct links to companies plagued with security baggage such as Lockheed Martin and IBM, both of which have had their ethics put to question over the years.While there is nothing conclusive here, the public should consider this other side to the story and eliminate inconvenient possibilities in an effort to find the reality of the present circumstances, even if high profile tech leaders may appear to be saying the right things in public, purportedly in the interest of the general population.In an article featured here at 21WIRE from January of 2015, we learned of another privacy threat that should concern the public regarding biometric IDs   as facial and emotional recognition software has already been rolled out without public consent: More Orwellian technology is being rolled out, not just to make you into more of a commodity than you already are, but also to  profile  your emotions. With no regulation on this issue, corporations are basically writing the privacy rules as they go along. Do you trust them? Where is this really heading? In realty, they have no control over how third parties using their software might use images of people s faces and digital signatures of your  emotions , storing, sharing and selling that data across macro platforms. Sure, it s just another new wing of Big Data. Even social media data trawlers like Facebook has already begun moving into facial recognition of their users. So while it is compelling, and quite welcome to hear tech giants calling out the FBI s overreach, it appears that many in the technology sector have already pledged support for a growing police state apparatus by virtue of developing privacy invading software. For the moment though, it appears technology innovators Cook and McAfee, along with other social media companies, seem to be working on behalf of the public s interest, even though it could be out of concern for marketability rather than true worry about where the field of technology has been heading.Apple s iPhone and tablets introduced a biometric ID system with its thumb print login scan in 2013   a system which will store millions of biometric identifiers on Apple cloud servers. It wasn t long after the system was launched before hackers cracked the security for this biometric entry point, exposing another unspeakable privacy breach.If nothing else, it has caused a sharp debate over this pressing subject.  DIGITAL DANGER    The battle for consumer privacy hangs in the balance over the recent FBI court order. (Photo vibratingupdate)Problem, Reaction, SolutionAccording to the Guardian: For months, the FBI searched for a compelling case that would force Apple to weaken iPhone security   and then the San Bernardino shooting happened. This carefully planned legal battle has been months in the making, US officials and tech executives told the Guardian, as the government and Apple try to settle whether national security can dictate how Silicon Valley writes computer code. This past December, those of us at 21WIRE, pointed out a number of inconsistencies relating the heavily dramatized San Bernardino shooting attack. In fact, the media driven shooting attack said to have taken place at the Inland Regional Center had a laundry list of details that didn t add up.After a week of whitewashed reports regarding the shooting, a media scripted ransacking of the alleged  shooters  home (tampering with a potential crime scene) and eyewitness accounts that directly contradicted the official narrative from law enforcement, we learned that in the very room where 14 people were reportedly killed (along with 21 injured) at the Inland Regional Center, there was an  active-shooter  training drill/rehearsal, involving some of the victims almost a year before December s attack to place.Incredibly, a critical component that should be mentioned in the encryption battle involving Apple and the FBI, is that there were multiple eye-witness accounts that directly contradicted the terror-tale blamed solely on Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik. In other words, we have an event largely hinged on a barrage of convoluted and conflicting accounts concerning the San Bernardino attack.The eye-witness accounts near the scene of the shooting, never mentioned anything about seeing a female shooter, which 21WIRE also noted this past December: In fact, authorities did apprehend a third suspect but that aspect of the case, has seemingly gone down the memory hole, as has the very detailed eye-witness testimony from Sally Abdelmageed, (an Inland Regional Center employee) in a CBS interview with Scott Pelley, which clearly states that there were three white men in tactical gear dressed in black involved in the shooting event. Abdelmageed s account, echoed that of Juan Hernandez, who was interviewed shortly after the shooting incident by a local NBC affiliate, where it was described that  three white men in military fatigues,  had fled the scene in black Chevy Impala or SUV. Despite all of this, CNN, ABC, FOX and all other media outlets on the scene   all pivoted, in unison, to validate authorities  (the FBI) revised official  Jihadi Bonnie & Clyde  story of  only 2 shooters   a husband and wife . Additionally, a close colleague from Inland Regional Center, Chris Nwadike, stated that Farook had been acting normal and that  he was quiet,  and that he had not had a disagreement with anyone at the center the day of the shooting. Furthermore, the FBI themselves revealed that both Malik and Farook had not posted radical messages on social media which had previously been reported by authorities (and dutifully repeated across the mainstream media).Even though the media eventually admitted that there were no  radical posts , the idea of  social media postings  became a central story line suggesting that Malik had somehow influenced Farook into participating in the attack. Regardless of what really happened, it seems that the FBI had the opening it needed to try to force open direct access into personal devices.Is it also possible the security agency wants access to the encrypted phone so they can plant an additional back story to a shooting case that never made any sense?Food for thought to chew on in today s digital age As the privacy vs. security battle moves forward, Reuters news agency reports: The U.S. Department of Justice filed a motion on Friday seeking to compel Apple Inc (AAPL.O) to comply with a judge s order to unlock the encrypted iPhone belonging to one of the San Bernardino shooters, portraying the tech giant s refusal as a  marketing strategy. The future of privacy hangs by a thread, as more and more divide and rule policies are being implemented at the expense of public freedoms.More to come on this story here at 21WIRE READ MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sci-Tech FilesREAD MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter Files",0
22661,"BOILER ROOM – EP #44 – Dig, Dug, Dirt!","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday.Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, Daniel Spaulding from Soul of the East, 21Wire & ACR contributor Randy J and Boiler Room Presidential Candidate select: Stewart Howe. In this broadcast listeners will be hearing us go around the BOILER ROOM on a veritable feast of topics including Cloppers, GOP Politics, Donald Trump, Hunting with Dick Cheney, Fat Shaming and the Golden Corral, the 5th anniversary of the NATO sacking of Libya, TX arresting people for outstanding student loan debt, the death of Supreme Court Justice Scalia, Glen Beck telling listeners that Ted Cruz will get them through the rapture, Mark Levin calling Donald Trump a  kooky truther,  Jim Baker selling buckets of Food and more. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLITICALLY CORRECT ZONE!  LIVE ACR PLAYER BELOW   Show goes live at 6 PM PST:  ",0
22662,GLOSSED OVER: Key Questions Emerge After Death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia,"21st Century Wire asks What really happened in the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia?With the United States deep in the throes of the 2016 presidential primaries, the sudden death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia has provided a controversial backdrop to an already tense electoral race.Reports state that the 79-year-old conservative justice was found dead this past Saturday in his hotel room at Cibolo Creek Ranch, a luxury ranch located in Presidio County, Texas.  NO COUNTRY FOR OLD MEN    Several Hollywood films have been shot in the surrounding areas of Cibolo Creek Ranch, including the haunting motion picture No Country For Old Men. (Photo cctoaks.com)The San Antonio Express-News reported that ranch owner, John Poindexter, discovered Scalia s body three hours after first visiting the deceased jurist s hotel room at 8:30 in the morning on Saturday: We discovered the judge in bed, a pillow over his head. His bed clothes were unwrinkled,  the Cibolo Ranch owner told reporters on Monday.  He was lying very restfully. It looked like he had not quite awakened from a nap. As several days have now passed, various theories have surfaced in the aftermath of Scalia s death, causing Poindexter to further clarify his eyewitness account with the Daily News: There was a pillow over his head, not over his face,  said Poindexter.  The face was entirely clear. One of the most troubling aspects of Scalia s death, aside from lack of an autopsy being performed or that Presidio County Judge Cinderela Guevara pronounced the manner of his death over the phone without being present. Later, Guevara appears to have reversed her previous statement claiming that Scalia had died of a  heart attack , revising the cause of death to  natural causes . Resort owner and Democrat Party financier John Poindexter pictured with President Obama.It should also be noted that the resort owner, John Poindexter, is a prominent Democrat Party donor and Obama Award Winner.Another disturbing fact: Justice Scalia was a key vote in temporarily blocking the Clean Power Plan crafted by the White House, a set of new EPA climate regulations, as reported by The Atlantic: On Tuesday [February 9th], the Supreme Court ruled 5-4 that the rules should neither be implemented nor enforced until the high court itself heard their opponents  case. This was itself unprecedented: Never before had the Supreme Court stayed a set of regulations before a federal court even heard the initial case about them. With the Clean Power Plan looming, there are several upcoming and potentially historic  Supreme Court cases that could be impacted by Scalia s death.Over the years, some have questioned Scalia s various hunting trips and political connections as reported by the LA Times: Scalia engendered criticism in the past over his choice of partners on hunting trips. In 2001, he went on a pheasant hunting trip with the dean of a Kansas law school who was the lead attorney in two cases that were about to come before the Supreme Court. And in 2004, he went duck hunting with then-Vice President Dick Cheney   flying with him on a plane that served as Air Force 2  while the high court was considering a case that challenged the secrecy of an energy task force led by Cheney. Many questions still remain in the death of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia   which will no doubt prompt speculation well into the foreseeable future.No More Fake News reports below   TIPPING THE BALANCE    Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.  (Photo dallasnews)By John RappoportLet s jump right in with quotes from the Washington Post, 2/15,  Conspiracy theories swirl around the death of Antonin Scalia . The Post published extraordinary statements from the Facebook page of  William O. Ritchie, former head of criminal investigations for D.C. police : As a former homicide commander, I am stunned that no autopsy was ordered for Justice Scalia. You have a Supreme Court Justice who died, not in attendance of a physician. You have a non-homicide trained US Marshal tell the justice of peace that no foul play was observed. You have a justice of the peace pronounce death while not being on the scene and without any medical training opining that the justice died of a heart attack. What medical proof exists of a myocardial Infarction? Why not a cerebral hemorrhage? How can the Marshal say, without a thorough post mortem, that he was not injected with an illegal substance that would simulate a heart attack Did the US Marshal check for petechial hemorrhage in his eyes or under his lips that would have suggested suffocation? Did the US Marshal smell his breath for any unusual odor that might suggest poisoning? My gut tells me there is something fishy going on in Texas. If this isn t enough, the Post goes on: Scalia s physician, Brian Monahan, is a U.S. Navy rear admiral and the attending physician for the U.S. Congress and Supreme Court. He declined to comment on Scalia s [prior] health when reached by telephone Monday at his home in Maryland. Patient confidentiality forbids me to make any comment on the subject,  he said. When asked whether he planned to make public the statement he s preparing for [Texas Judge] Guevara, Monahan repeated the same statement and hung up on a reporter. As long as no law-enforcement investigation of Scalia s death is launched, the doctor is justified. Confidentiality applies, unless Scalia s family lifts it. But if such an investigation is opened, all bets are off. Confidentiality no longer applies.There are reports that, after Scalia s body was transported from the celebrity ranch in Texas, closely guarded and shielded by a bevy of marshals, it was rapidly embalmed. If so, that would apparently make toxicological tests far more difficult or impossible.As for a murder motive, try: upsetting the voting balance of the US Supreme Court. Try: a push to appoint a new Justice now, thus ensuring the appointee s political persuasion, regardless of the outcome of the 2016 Presidential election.Continue this story at No More Fake NewsREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22663,Reopen the Kurt Cobain Case? [POLL],"21st Century Wire asks The tragic death of Kurt Cobain has mystified the public for more than two decades and over that time, many questionable forensic elements have come to light surrounding the singer s sudden end.We re asking our readers, should law enforcement Reopen the Kurt Cobain Case? READ MORE KURT COBAIN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Cobain Files",0
22664,"‘Zero Knowledge’ Systems Not Hostile to Data Privacy, says Snowden","21st Century Wire says It s been almost two years since the cloud storage provider Dropbox appointed former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to its board. A move Edward Snowden, at the time, called  hostile  for data privacy. Snowden s comments on the matter first appeared in a video interview conducted by the Guardian, and were published in a July 17, 2014 article: Dropbox is a targeted you know wannabe PRISM partner,  he told the Guardian. They just put   Condoleezza Rice on their board  who is probably the most anti-privacy official you can imagine. She s one of the ones who oversaw Stellar Wind and thought it was a great idea. So they re very hostile to privacy. PRISM: The NSA s data collection surveillance program that every citizen should know about. PRISM and Stellar Wind were both approved and implemented during President George W. Bush s administration.  (Image: (c) Adam Hart-Davis)Dropbox and other popular cloud storage providers hold the encryption keys to hand over to the NSA should a request for your data be approved.Snowden endorses zero knowledge  systems. In layman s terms, this means that cloud storage providers NOT hostile to data privacy don t just encrypt your data, but actually host your data without their ability to access it   ever. They have zero knowledge of the contents of your data. It s a big distinction, but one easily missed by a public inundated with confusing doublespeak on data privacy.Snowden adds that s the only way they can prove to the customers that they can be trusted with their information, and makes specific reference to one cloud company, SpiderOak, as a provider of zero knowledge systems. READ MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sci-Tech FilesSEE ALSO: 21st Century Wire NSA Files",0
22665,FBI Arrest Cliven Bundy at Portland Airport – Charged with Federal Conspiracy,"Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireCliven Bundy, the Nevada rancher at the center of the federal standoff in Bunkerville in 2014, was arrested by FBI agents at around 10pm Wednesday evening as he touched down at Portland International Airport. Bundy, 74 yrs old, of Bunkerville, Nevada, was taken to Oregon s Multnomah County detention center and charged with  conspiracy to interfere with a federal officer    the same federal felony charge made two weeks ago against of his two sons, Ammon and Ryan Bundy.According to Oregon Live, Cliven Bundy,  also faces weapons charges,  dating back to the original standoff in April 2014.READ THE FULL FEDERAL COMPLAINT AGAINST CLIVEN BUNDY HERE. Police Mug Shot: Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy was arrested in Portland last night.Bundy s dramatic arrest came as he was planning to meet up with staunch Bundy supporter, Nevada Assemblywoman Michele Fiore, for a Q & A press conference in Portland scheduled for early Thursday morning, presumably to advocate for the Bundy sons and others currently under federal incarceration, and to help mediate a peaceful resolution for the remaining 4 occupiers still held-up at the Malheur Wildlife Refuge outside of Burns, Oregon.The timeline of these events is particularly interesting. Before Cliven Bundy touched down in Portland, Fiore (photo, left) had already arrived in town, but was immediately confronted with a breaking situation on Wednesday afternoon, where reports indicate that there were likely dozens of heavily armed federal tactical and state SWAT members positioned at various points around the perimeter of the occupied federal refuge office building. On Wednesday evening, law enforcement appeared to have decided to make their move to end the occupation by re-taking the protest site and remove its occupants. Fiore then headed to Burns while engaged in a 4 hour-long phone call with the protesters live-streamed on YouTube with nearly 60,000 listeners on the call.Clearly, the FBI had plenty of foreknowledge of Cliven Bundy and Michele Fiore s potentially explosive media spectacle scheduled for this morning. FBI agents appear to have preempted this national (and global) press event by Bundy and Fiore, quickly moving on the protest, and then taking Cliven Bundy out of the equation, or  off the street , as it were. This chain of events over the last 24 hours indicates that the federal government had made decisive moves at key moments   in order to temporarily control the media and political narratives, and by extension, the course of events which have followed. That reality was echoed by Portland attorney, Mike Arnold, currently representing Ammon Bundy, who said earlier today: It s terribly unfortunate the timing of his arrest, given all the progress Assemblywoman Fiore made this evening. In addition to Fiore and Cliven Bundy arriving in Oregon this week, Franklin Graham, son of evangelist Billy Graham, posted on Facebook that he had been talking with the four holdouts for a week,  at their request and at the request of the FBI , and was said to be heading for Burns to witness a peaceful resolution. Early on Thursday, Graham stated the following:  I am on my way there  Please keep them, law enforcement officials, and all involved in your prayers, that everyone will be safe. Presently, federal forces are still at the gates of the refuge, with occupiers still inside. According to the Oregonian, the remaining occupiers are 27-year-old David Fry, the man running the refuge protest YouTube livestream, along with married couple Sean and Sandy Anderson, and one other man known by the name of Jeff Banta. It s not completely clear if all the occupants are armed, and there have been some mixed messages over the last two weeks as to what their exact intentions were, and what concessions were possible through negotiations.UPDATE: 4 holdouts all in FBI custody as occupation endsIn an overwhelming show of force, the FBI have surrounded the small one story detached Malheur office building with MRAP armored vehicles and other assets, including multiple surveillance drones positioned overhead. It s not known exactly how many federal agents are in position at the refuge and the surrounding area, but based on similar events, the number could be at least 300, not including state and other law enforcement agents.At the end of January, a team of federal and state agents shot and killed the protest s spokesman, Arizona rancher, Robert  Lavoy  Finicum, in what can only be described as a well-organize, federal and state ambush, involving dozens of vehicles and armed agents (including snipers) positioned along an isolated rural stretch of  Oregon highway 395. The mainstream media are still disingenuously referring to the event as a  traffic stop incident    in what appears to be a well-coordinated PR effort to minimize any accusations of over-reach on the part of the federal agencies.The left-wing arm of the media, and a virtual army of anti-Bundy activists online will certainly be celebrating this latest development as a  government victory .With the iconic face of the public lands issue, Cliven Bundy, now in custody, this will either stir the burgeoning  Constitutionalist  movement, or it will further demoralize it.Cliven Bundy is expected to appear in a Portland federal court this afternoon.Watch this space.READ MORE OREGON STANDOFF NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Oregon Files",0
22666,"BOILER ROOM – EP #43 – Cloppers, OR Osmosis, MK Ultra & Voltron","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Jay Dyer and Jamie Hanshaw joining from the studio of Jays Analysis, Daniel Spaulding from Soul of the East, 21Wire contributor Randy J and Boiler Room Presidential Candidate select: Stewart Howe. In this broadcast listeners will be hearing us go around the BOILER ROOM on a veritable feast of topics including mind control aspects, revelation of the method and social engineering encapsulated in topics like  Cloppers or Clopsexuals,  MK Ultra: it s history and role in popular film and television, some breaking news on the Oregon standoff at the Malheur Wildlife Refuge and Daniel Spaulding joins late in the show for some clowning of the reality TV style that is presented via the mainstream media as US presidential election process. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!   ACR player below   Show goes live at 6 PM PST Reference Links:",0
22667,"Will American Law Enforcement Lie, Cheat and Forge Police Reports? Answer: Yes.","21st Century Wire says The issue of honest policing and institutional corruption within law enforcement has been exercised over and over, with every high-profile controversy. Certainly, 2015 had its fair share of these kind of incidents.The issue of institutional corruption still goes unattended however, as media seem to prefer the obsession of spinning every story in terms of race, or class, rather than seriously looking at the problem of devolving so much power and blind authority that are by their very nature   often corrupt.Where is the DOJ, and where is the President weighing-in? Where are the race mobs? Is this story not sexy enough for the media?This latest story should be a warning to everyone about what would likely be systemic in the fully-functioning police state which Washington DC is currently attempting to construct under the noses of its citizens  Matt Kessler GuardianSince 26-year-old Ricky Ball was shot and killed by police in October, the black community in Columbus, Mississippi, has grappled with questions that don t have clear answers.Why did police shoot Ball that night? Why did a string of police officials resign in the months that followed? And why did police claim Ball stole a gun from a police officer s home only after his death?Attempts to obtain police documents about the case have raised a new question: why did police release two different versions of events from the shooting?Documents obtained by the Guardian show police altered a document labeled  uniform incident report  in Ball s death. An initial version published by the Commercial Dispatch said an officer  tased  Ball before he fled. A new version of the incident report released to the Guardian does not include any mention of Taser use. One of these two reports is not true Continue this story at the GuardianREAD MORE POLICE STATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Police State Files",0
22668,3.57 Degrees: Kevin Bacon’s Cultural Mantle Shattered By Zuckerberg,"21st Century Wire says Unless you have been living under a rock for the last 20 years, you would have heard about the cultural meme known as the  Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon , Hollywood s own lowbrow revision derived from John Guare s famous 1990 play about the  Six Degrees of Separation .So popular was Bacon s cultural quirk, that the Gods of Google even launched a web tool called the  Baconator  where users can plug in the name of anyone in order to measure how many degrees of separation there are between you and them.  If I m about to go to work with someone, I ll check their name on the call sheet, and then I ll go to Google, and you can put in their name plus  bacon number,  and that will tell you how many degrees of separation there are. It ll tell [me] if I worked with them,  said Bacon to TV host James Corden recently.Just as the Baconator was getting going, Kevin was usurped, like everyone and everything else, by the ever-engulfing digital vortex known as Facebook and its hoodie-wearing billionaire co-founder Mark Zuckerberg.Poor Kevin. According to new data published by the social networking behemoth, Facebook people are separated by only 3.57 degrees of separation. Casey Williams from the Huff Post explains,  One caveat about this research, though: It applies only to the 1.59 billion people who are active on Facebook. Given that there are more than 7 billion people on the planet, and that over four billion still lack regular access to the Internet, it s unlikely that the new theory holds for humans at large. The down side of course (although Facebook will never publish its trolling data), is that you are also more closely connected with thousands, if not millions of trolls and their phony, malicious sock-puppet accounts too.Even worse, as 21WIRE discovered late last week   Facebook can and will, without any warning whatsoever   and with ZERO human feedback on their end   block and disable your ability to share information with your peers through its user groups. When asked, the reason given by Facebook was simply,  You re going too fast.  No, we re not kidding  Once again, thank you Mr. Zuckerberg for allowing your robots to kill people s ability to share news and information.When they say  degrees of separation    they really mean separation.READ MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sci-Tech Files",0
22669,Bernie Sanders Could End Up Winning Iowa,"21st Century Wire says Iowa s Democratic Party primary was one of the closest races in history   reported by the media as being decided by only .3% of the vote, with Hillary Clinton supposedly taking that narrow victory. But has Hillary really secured a victory in Iowa?According to National Review, the answer is  no . Beltway correspondent Quinn Hillyer explains: The final count of delegates to the state convention (aside from the seven won by Martin O Malley) was Clinton 699, Sanders 695. But by actual voter decisions, the count was Sanders 695, Clinton 693, and six ties. Sure, Clinton right now goes to the state convention with four more committed delegates than Sanders, but she didn t win her margin via voters, but by a mathematically bizarre series of coin flips. For those with a short-term memory, fours years ago in 2012, the mainstream media called the Iowa primary for then GOP candidate Mitt Romney, only to retract this later when it was discovered that Rick Santorum had actually won the caucus majority. And even then, neither Romney, nor Santorum won the majority of delegates from Iowa going into the national convention. That victory went to party rebel Ron Paul   an uncomfortable fact universally ignored at the time by major U.S. broadcast media outlets. Paul achieved this incredible victory because his campaign organizers understood what the Iowa Caucuses essentially are: a giant, statewide straw poll, by pursuing one of the most aggressive delegate strategies ever. So bad was the GOP fall-out from this event, that the Republican National Convention drafted new bylaws to deal with the  Ron Paul Problem , making sure that no insurgent candidate could ever gain a state foothold without the approval of the GOP party elite.Likewise, if Bernie Sanders has done the necessary groundwork in pursuing a more aggressive county-level delegate strategy on election day, and then follows-up with securing candidate Martin O Malley s at least 5 of the 7  free agent  delegates who will be available to switch their loyalties (due to O Malley dropping out of the race) at the upcoming Iowa State Convention, then Sanders could eventually be Iowa s real delegate winner.21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen spoke to RT International about the Sanders campaign s latest call for a vote recount, as well as other controversial aspects of the 2016 U.S. Presidential Election, including the Donald Trump vs Ted Cruz scandal. Watch  ",0
22670,Plastic Persona: Behind the Scenes of the Ted Cruz Media Machine,"21st Century Wire says Most people accept that a certain amount of political campaigning is staged, and even a little contrived at times.For the most part, the public is fairly unaware of just how fabricated the political images they see on TV really are.Earlier, 21WIRE showed the abysmal scene from GOP candidate Jeb Bush s recent staged town hall meeting. As bad as that Jeb moment was, it almost pales in comparison to what s on offer here After their narrow Iowa GOP caucus victory this week, the Cruz campaign took a cheeky swipe at rival Donald Trump. Cruz communications director Rick Tyler remarked to CNN after the final results were announced,  Reality hit the realty TV star in Iowa, so nobody is talking about him now, so he s trying to regain some attention on Twitter. After watching the following behind-the-scenes video out-takes from the Rafael Edward, or  Ted  Cruz campaign machine, one could easily make the argument that it s Cruz who is putting up the dramatic TV facade, and even using his own family members as political props. Watch  ",0
22671,‘Meet Jeb’ – Going For Your Sympathy Vote,"21st Century Wire says As Republican, Ted Cruz and Democrat, Hillary Clinton both snatched narrow victories at the Iowa Caucuses this week, other big brand names didn t turn out so well.Nonetheless, old John Ellis, or  Jeb  Bush, is still hanging in there going into the upcoming New Hampshire primary. Although Jeb managed to get only 2.8% of the Iowa GOP caucus vote, he still has sufficient funds in his political war chest to carry on. Despite the fact that he appears to be more intelligent and compos mentis than his brother George, he still struggles to gain mass appeal.As campaign moments go, however, this has got to be one of the saddest, most doleful moments we ve seen yet. During one of Jeb s many staged,  Meet Jeb  town hall-style meetings, where segments are filmed in order to extract outtakes for use in an endless series of campaign ads, Jeb finished a good speaking stretch before sheepishly turning to a mostly disinterested audience, quietly begging them to clap for the cameras.You have to see it to believe it. Watch  ",0
22672,"BOILER ROOM – Examination, Exclamation, Excitation, Expatriation – EP #42","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, 21Wire contributor Randy J and Stewart Howe. In this broadcast we re going big time with an extra long overdrive episode, listeners will be hearing us go around the BOILER ROOM on a plethora of topics tonight. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!   Live ACR player below   Show goes live at 6 PM PST Reference Links:",0
22673,Eyewash: CIA Elites Misleading Employees Indicates That Conspiracies Are NOT ‘Ridiculous Fantasy’,"21st Century Wire says The CIA is trying its best to avoid oversight and accountability.Watch a video of this report here: An anonymous ex-CIA officer explains: The classic use of an eyewash is if you have a garden-variety source and all of a sudden he gains access to truly sensitive information, What you might do is have a false communication saying the guy got hit by a bus and died. The large number of people aware of this source suddenly think he is dead. But the continuing reporting on that source and from that source gets put into a very closed compartment that few would know about. In one documented example, CIA officials said that a senior Al-Qaeda member was killed as a result of tribal violence. Yet, in actual fact, the terrorist had been killed by a drone strike.The intent behind this eyewash was to conceal the then-secret CIA drone program in Pakistan.Former CIA inspector general, Fred Hitz, said that deliberately misleading employees is really playing with fire. Steven Aftergood, a government secrecy expert at the Federation of American Scientists, said, When you introduce falsehoods into the communications stream then you can destabilize the whole system of intelligence oversight and compliance with the law. What now needs to be examined is the extent to which this practice still takes places today and who exactly receives the accurate information. Is the true information ever sent to elected officials, or always withheld by this shadow government operating essentially on its own?Interestingly, it is often said by skeptics that any part of the government could never be involved in a monumental conspiracy because too many people would have to know about it, and someone would talk.The exposure of the eyewashing program now crushes this argument, as it reveals to us the extreme extent of compartmentalisation that exists within the modern American government that is capable of hiding the most despicable activities.It is also likely that many other government agencies employ similar tactics, in order to ensure that those at the top stay there and threats to their power can be dealt with quietly. Departments look out for themselves, and particularly their own relevance.Naturally, this intelligence phenomenon extends into the media, as mainstream media outlets always rely on their internal agency  sources  for any  inside information    which could  misleading, or completely false.What might they do, and subsequently try to hide, to ensure they stay relevant?READ MORE ON THE CLANDESTINE CIA: 21st Century Wire CIA Files",0
22674,Activist: ‘This is where you can make the most impact’,"21st Century Wire says If you ve been following the events outside of Burns, Oregon, you ll have seen 99% of the news coverage has been about the presence of  armed militia  and endless rumors of FBI  Waco Siege  plots   and not about the core legal issues surrounding the Hammond family. These stories often start out as local issues, then quickly spin out of control and end up being managed and contested at the Federal level.Sunday Wire host Patrick Henningsen spoke to independent activist Jason Casella from PANDA UNITE and the Solutions Institute about his recent experience at the Oregon Standoff, and also about America s  crisis of liberty , as well as some positive trends in activism today. Casella advocates getting closer to the sources of power and decision making in your local community: You have to make sure that your city council and county commission is acting on behalf of the people, and acting within the restraints of the Constitution, before you can ask somebody in DC, for example, or even at your state level of representatives. This is where you can actually have the most impact. Listen to the full interview with Jason Casella below.LISTEN TO MORE SUNDAY WIRE: Sunday Wire Show Archives",0
22675,Episode #120 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Crisis of Liberty’ with guests Jason Casella and Kim Upton,"Episode #120 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW finally resumes this Sunday Jan. 24, 2016 presented by host Patrick Henningsen with 3 HOURS of power-packed talk radio LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:SUNDAYS   5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12pm PT (US)This week s very special edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is broadcasting LIVE, as host Patrick Henningsen returns this week with another very special show, covering the top news stories internationally. In the first hour we ll look at the latest campaign of fear surrounding the Zika Virus, and also a deeper look this week s dramatic conclusion to the Oregon Standoff. In the second hour we re joined by special guest, independent activist Jason Casella from PANDA UNITE and the Solutions Institute to discuss his recent experience at the Oregon Standoff, and talk about America s  crisis of liberty , as well as some positive trends in activism today. In the third hour we re joined by a very special guest live from Great Britain, personal coach and SGI Buddhist practitioner, Kim Upton, to discuss the state of the world today and whether or not mankind will be able to overcome the challenges that threaten to radically alter our 21st century civilization.Strap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN SOME STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*   // <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt; ",0
22676,FBI Release Oregon Video Footage Depicting Death of Robert Lavoy Finicum – But Questions Remain,"21st Century Wire says..UPDATE 1-29-2016 at 01:30PM ET: Due to public pressure and intense speculation about the events of Tuesday brought on by a YouTube recording of the testimony of key eyewitness Victoria Sharp, the FBI has released the unedited aerial video footage from Tuesday evening s incident which took place along Highway 395. According to the official FBI statement:  We feel that it is necessary to show the whole thing unedited in the interest of transparency.  The FBI video entitled,  Complete, Unedited Video of Joint FBI and OSP Operation 01/26/2016 , does show the victim Lavoy Finicum exiting the truck awkwardly in at least two feet of snow, and he clearly does not  charge towards  the SWAT team, and his hands are clearly held high above his head as he exits his truck when confronted by a SWAT team, before being shot multiple times by marksmen and falling in the snow. Also, the scale and size of this operation is very evident by the footage, and the apprehension of the protesters was not the result of a mere  traffic stop  as it was wrongly characterized in multiple mainstream media reports.The FBI has also titled their release as  unedited  which shows a window of 26 min and 29 seconds, but it would be interesting to see any drone footage prior to where their clip begins, to further determine how long the drone was filming the vehicles of Finicum and Bundy. This is important because it would shed further light the premeditated nature of the confrontation that the media and government  sources  have called a  traffic stop . On its own, this FBI drone footage would appear to support previous government and media claims by CNN, Washington Post and others that the victim was indeed  reaching towards his waistband  which gave federal and state police justification to unleash deadly force. However, it is still not completely clear from this aerial footage whether or not Finicum was holstered (he is said to normally carry a gun on the right hip, but FBI are claiming he had a 9mm gun in his inside left breast pocket), but also whether or not he lowered his arms before, or after he was shot multiple times. For example, if Finicum had his hands in the air and was then was shot in the abdomen first, then any man s natural reaction would be to then lower his hand(s) and clutch the wound. Additionally, if any shots were fired, even in the vicinity, then confusion could have ensued which might have prompted Finicum to reach for his weapon. Either way, it is impossible to make any such a forensic determination without a corresponding audio track  which would help to determine if any shots were fired before Finicum s hand(s) could be seen lowering.  WARNING: The following images depict violence and death which some readers may find disturbing. Watch:Watch the edited version here:  Finicum appears to temporarily lose his balance in the snow at the very moment he looks to be hit by agents.What is clear however from this video is that armed agents did not shoot to disable their suspect, but shot to kill and even had a laser sight trained on him for many minutes after he was downed. Clearly, multiple SWAT shooters could be seen emerging from the woods. After killing Finicum, police then left the victim to bleed to death laying in the snow and did not check on him for at least another 8 minutes.Flash-bang rounds can be seen around the 14:00 mark of the FBI s  unedited  version, and the FBI has said that it fired CS gas and  non lethal rounds  (possibly pepper spray rounds, or rubber bullets) are said to have been fired at the truck while the passengers were inside. This begs the question: with nonlethal rounds already in play   why did multiple SWAT shooters use so many deadly rounds against Finicum when he exited the truck with his hands up?READ MORE OREGON STANDOFF NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Oregon Files",0
22677,Trial By YouTube: Mainstream Media Use Second-hand Oregon Account to Cast Blame on Dead Rancher," Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireThere exists a famous quote often attributed to 1918 US Senator Hiram Warren Johnson, who once said,  The first casualty when war comes is truth.  The same could be said for Waco, or Ruby Ridge   or with the federal government s version of recent events in Burns, Oregon.  What really happened on Highway 395? We re not sure yet, but in the meantime, it seems as if the mainstream media have already decided who is guilty and and who is not.Regarding the Tuesday evening s events at the Oregon Standoff, where federal agents shot and killed rancher Robert  Lavoy  Finicum, a campaign of disinformation appears to be rapidly underway. The following is a prime exhibit of how the mainstream media can spin a story to favor the government version of events.The Washington Post s brash headline reads,  Report: LaVoy Finicum, armed with a handgun, reached for his waistband just before he was shot. In the absence of any actual evidence, or even analysis to support this deceptive headline, instead Washington Post writer Mike Miller attempts to weave together a classic example of yellow journalism.Any speculation or public skepticism could be easily put to rest by the FBI releasing all video footage of the event in question. (Above screen shot: Washington Post)Miller begins his piece establishing Finicum s guilt in his own murder by nature of the fact that Robert  Lavoy  Finicum had been seen previously carrying a gun. Everyone knew that LaVoy Finicum kept a Colt .45 on his hip. That common knowledge could help explain how the occupier in Oregon died. Miller s article then hammers home the federal thesis that any injured or dead protesters  brought it on themselves : The occupiers had ample opportunity to leave peacefully,  FBI Special Agent Greg Bretzing said Wednesday morning.  They brought this on themselves. In other words, according to the FBI, and with the help of the media, dead rancher Lavoy Finicum is guilty in the court of public opinion.Marginalizing the WitnessMiller immediate moves to cast doubt on the testimony of 18 yr old Victoria Sharp, who was a passenger in the truck Finicum was driving, crassly describing the young woman as a  self-described witness . He adds: Another self-described witness disputes that, saying that authorities opened fire before the getaway chase and that Finicum had his hands up when he was shot.  STOIC: Ammon Bundy, Ryan Bundy and Lavoy Finicum at the Wildlife Refuge last week.Instead, Miller relies heavily on a YouTube video recorded and uploaded by a man named Mark McConnell who was not at the scene of the actual shooting (he admits that he was one mile away) when federal agents reportedly killed Finicum. Admittedly, McConnell s testimony, claiming that Finicum had  charged at the officers  is only second-hand, or possibly third-hand, depending on the accuracy of what he is attempting relaying from other passengers riding with in the vehicle with Sharp at the time, Ryan Payne and Shawna Cox.Here, McConnell is, in effect, issuing a proxy statement on behalf of Victoria Sharp s fellow passengers, Shawn Cox and Ryan Payne. This is hardly admissible, as both Cox and Payne are currently in federal custody and are not able to verify the accuracy of McConnell reiteration. And yet, mainstream media outlets are propping-up McConnell s account as if it were somehow factual.Clearly, this is a  nudging  exercise, carefully attempting to minimize and discredit the young female witness Sharp. The Post s Miller makes this blatantly obvious when he subtly inserts that Sharp,  who said she was the 18 year old in the car with Finicum . What?  Who said she was the 18 yr old ? Here is in context: McConnell s account conflicts with statements made by Victoria Sharp, who said she was the 18-year-old in the car with Finicum. One would think that a Washington Post headline journalist would have ample resources to confirm whether or not Sharp was in the truck or not.Why are mainstream media outlets so quick to try and discredit the testimony of Victoria Sharp? Unlike the mainstream media s  go-to  man McConnell, Victoria Sharp is an actual eye witness who saw first-hand the fateful event in question, and described it in detail immediately after the event during a phone interview. What s more amazing is how a newspaper like the Washington Post, presumably with a good reputation for high journalistic standards (one would think so anyway) would grab a recycled, second-hand account which first appeared on the tabloid news website Raw Story.What The Post is attempting to do here is clear: to try and align a secondhand speculative guess by McConnell with a vague  anonymous  statement leaked from the FBI to CNN.Sadly for news consumers, it s not uncommon that networks like CNN will often accept vague anonymous leaks from  sources  in order to construct an official narrative of any event   with absolutely zero accountability from either the government source, or the news network.It s almost as if Miller is writing this piece on behalf of the FBI.At the very least here, the Washington Post is playing a supporting role   acting as an additional PR channel and echo chamber for a claim which neither CNN or the government are required to either confirm or deny. Sources  Say Finicum Was Reaching for His WaistbandRather than question any of the claims fashioned by CNN and its  sources  journalist Mike Miller does the opposite   he tries to reinforce the government narrative.CNN International s report hinges on a  anonymous government source  claiming that Finicum was killed by federal agents because he was  reaching towards his waistband.  Miller writes: In the moments before he was shot by authorities Tuesday afternoon, Finicum led a high-speed getaway attempt. He then reached for his waistband, prompting authorities to open fire, according to a CNN report.The report, which cites anonymous law enforcement officials but has not been confirmed by The Washington Post, is corroborated by a statement from an occupier who said he was traveling with Finicum at the time of the traffic stop. The fact the media have chosen to label this incident as a  traffic stop  indicates an obvious agenda designed to minimize the obvious   that this was a pre-planned, elaborate ambush by the FBI and Oregon State Police.The Washington Post then tries to enhance CNN s phantom report by aligning the government narrative with the second-hand story presented by Mark McConnell, further propping-up the government s version of events:This same unnamed  source  cited by CNN has also told the network that the incident was captured on video by the FBI, but that authorities  have not decided whether or not the release the video. One indication that this anonymous leak to CNN is likely bogus is the fact that the statement says Finicum  reached for his waistband , but chose not to say,  reached for his gun    which offers the government a convenient exit from their previous statement should an unincriminating video ever surface for public viewing. In addition, the fact that the alleged damning video has not already been released could mean that the video footage in question does not support the government innuendo story which has been leaked out via government-media information channels.Any public distrust or skepticism of the federal authorities would immediately be dispelled by speed release of all video footage (with dozens of agents and surveillance, there should have been more than one video feed taken, including body and gun sight cameras) of the event. Whether or not, and how fast this will happen remains to be seen.Two Versions of EventsWhat s abundantly clear after listening to both McConnell and Sharp s conflicting testimonies, is that McConnell s statement  is quite obviously unreliable and full of self-contradictions and caveats, while Sharp s is clear and concise.The following is the testimony of Victoria Sharp, recorded in the immediate aftermath of the shooting on Oregon highway 395:  Anyone looking at this story can see clearly that protesters  vehicles were traveling to a pre-arranged community event in the nearby small town of John Day   an event supported by neighboring Grant County Sheriff Glenn Palmer. Palmer was sympathetic to the Bundy s protest and publicly called for the release of the Hammond family whom he believes were wrongfully imprisoned. Oregon Live reported the Palmer was there at the FBI roadblock on Highway 395 alongside a large contingent of armed Federal Agents. If true, this would indicates that Palmer had prior knowledge federal ambush, but more importantly, that he clearly ceded his own legal and Consitutional authority as the county s chief law enforcement official over to the FBI s special agent in charge Greg Bretzing. Absent of any public statement from Palmer on the matter, onlookers can only speculate about this situation.IMPORTANT NOTE (UPDATE 1-30-16): According to this recent report by Pedro Quintana from Central Oregon local affiliate News Channel 21, Sheriff Palmer was not at the federal roadblock and had no prior knowledge of the FBI ambush of the Bundy convoy. According to the chat session relayed in Pedro Quintana s report, Palmer was asked in an online chat,  Did you witness Lavoy shooting, or no? , to which Palmer replies,  NO  The shooting from what I hear was close to 4 and I heard of it at about 5:45pm.  News 21continued: Palmer responded he had no knowledge of anything about the plans or who was coming to the public meeting. He went on to say that the  FBI and Oregon State Police know me, they shared nothing with me and they know I wouldn t have allowed it. Earlier mainstream media reports that Palmer was present at the FBI roadblock would lead Bundy supporters to believe that Palmer had betrayed the Bundys and Lavoy Finicum. One the main sources, if not the main source of the original Sheriff Palmer controversy appears to be none other than Oregon Live staff writer Les Zaitz who has slipped-in this key piece of line into his report which which says: They said they didn t know how long the roadblock would be place. Grant County Sheriff Glenn Palmer was there.  Not surprisingly, this has set-off a virtual backlash online against the Grant County Sheriff, as evidenced by the following screen shot of Google search link found here:  Is this a case of media dirty tricks by Oregon Live? Certainly, Oregon Live s coverage of Burns events has been skewed from the beginning, and have been running character assassination pieces against Malheur occupiers in a effort to discredit the protest. Sheriff Palmer is clearly on record as being sympathetic to the Hammond Ranch protest and had recently opened up a constructive dialogue with the Bundys and occupiers from Malheur Wildlife Refuge. If Pedro Quintana s News 21 report is indeed accurate, then one might conclude that Oregon Live put out a piece of disinformation, likely designed to further divide the protest movement and create dissension in militia and activist ranks. However, until Sheriff Glenn Palmer comes out and issues clear statement declaring where he was   and where he wasn t, then people will continue to speculate what really happened. (END OF UPDATE)NOTE: See more in depth and legal analysis on Sheriff Palmer and the FBI s operation at Free Capitalist.Amazingly, The Post s writer Mike Miller goes on to all but admit a premeditated ambush of the protester s vehicles on Highway 395, and yet, will not call it what it was   an ambush: According to the CNN report, the FBI and Oregon State Police had been watching occupiers come and go from the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge near Burns for days before they spotted a rare opportunity to nab the militant movement s leaders all at once: Finicum, Ammon Bundy, Ryan Bundy and a handful of others climbed into two trucks and drove from the refuge to a meeting in John Day, Ore., two hours north. Authorities chose a cold, deserted stretch of highway to attempt a traffic stop. One vehicle complied with orders and pulled over, but the other  allegedly driven by Finicum  sped off at high speed, according to the report. It should be noted (although never by the Washington Post or CNN) that the protest s leader, Ammon Bundy, had met with FBI negotiators that morning continuing an open dialogue that had been going on for weeks. This, plus the fact that Sheriff Palmer had invited Bundy and his fellow protesters to the community event in John Day, demonstrated that both the Federal government and the local Sheriff had acted in bad faith by drawing all of the main protesters out to the town of John Day, along a pre-planned route, before staging such an ambush with overwhelming force just hours later. The fact that a man is dead definitely underlines the seriousness of their course of action   which appears to be a case of deception on the part of authorities.Similarly, right after the event most mainstream media were calling the event a  shoot-out , even though it was obvious that no shots were fired by vehicle passengers. Granted, such deceptive language by media is nothing new, but it s still further indication that there was a deliberate attempt to skew the narrative in favor of law enforcement s official version of events.UPDATE 1-28-2016 at 11:30PM ET: Due to public pressure and intense speculation about the events of Tuesday evening, and because of the YouTube recording of 18 yr old eye witness Victoria Sharp, the FBI has released the unedited aerial video footage from Tuesday evening s incident which took place along Highway 395 here. According to the official FBI statement:  We feel that it is necessary to show the whole thing unedited in the interest of transparency.  The FBI video entitled,  Complete, Unedited Video of Joint FBI and OSP Operation 01/26/2016 , does show the victim Lavoy Finicum exiting the truck awkwardly in at least two feet of snow, and he clearly does not  charge towards  the SWAT team, and his hands are clearly held high above his head as he exits his truck when confronted by a SWAT team, before being shot multiple times by marksmen and falling in the snow. Also, the scale and size of this operation is very evident by the footage, and the apprehension of the protesters was not the result of a mere  traffic stop  as it was wrongly characterized in multiple mainstream media reports. On its own, this FBI drone footage would appear to support previous government and media claims by CNN, Washington Post and others that the victim was indeed  reaching towards his waistband  which gave federal and state police justification to unleash deadly force. However, it is still not completely clear from this aerial footage whether or not Finicum was holstered (he is said to normally carry a gun on the right hip, but FBI are claiming he had a 9mm gun in his inside left breast pocket), but also whether or not he lowered his arms before, or after he was shot multiple times. For example, if Finicum had his hands in the air and was then was shot in the abdomen first, then any man s natural reaction would be to then lower his hand(s) and clutch the wound. Additionally, if any shots were fired, even in the vicinity, then confusion could have ensued which might have prompted Finicum to reach for his weapon. Either way, it is impossible to make any such a forensic determination without a corresponding audio track  which would help to determine if any shots were fired before Finicum s hand(s) could be seen lowering. WARNING: The following images depict violence and death which some readers may find disturbing. Watch: Finicum appears to temporarily lose his balance in the snow at the very moment he looks to be hit by agents.What is clear however from this video is that armed agents did not shoot to disable their suspect, but shot to kill and even had a laser sight trained on him for many minutes after he was downed. Clearly, multiple SWAT shooters could be seen emerging from the woods. After killing Finicum, police then left the victim to bleed to death laying in the snow, and did not check on him for at least another 8 minutes.Flash-bang rounds can be seen around the 14:00 mark of the FBI s  unedited  version, and the FBI has said that it fired CS gas and  non lethal rounds  (possibly pepper spray rounds, or rubber bullets) are said to have been fired at the truck while the passengers were inside. This begs the question: with nonlethal rounds already in play   why did multiple SWAT shooters use so many deadly rounds against Finicum when he exited the truck with his hands up?See 21WIRE s detailed report of the federal ambush on Highway 395 in Oregon here.READ MORE OREGON STANDOFF  NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Oregon Files",0
22678,REPORT: ‘Federal Government Escalated the Violence in Oregon’," KILLED: Rancher and protest spokesman Robert  Lavoy  Finicum (Image Source: RT International)21st Century Wire says New eye witness testimony indicates that the FBI and other federal agencies were never fired upon, but have shot and killed leading protester, Robert  Lavoy  Finicum, and wounding one other in a elaborate operation that took place along a rural highway near Burns, Oregon.For 26 days since the protest and occupation began at the Malheur Wildlife Refuge outside of Burns, Oregon there were no one was hurt and there were no injuries. That all changed early Tuesday evening when the FBI and Oregon State Police raised the ante, bringing the 4 week standoff to a dramatic ending.As detailed in yesterday s report, according to 18 yr old passenger and eyewitness, Victoria Sharp, dozens of federal vehicles and armed agents had set-up a pre-positioned roadblocks along an isolated stretch of rural Highway 395 before intercepting two vehicles and firing upon one of them, killing rancher and protest spokesman, Robert  Lavoy  Finicum, from Chino Valley, Arizona, and wounding Ryan Bundy of Bunkerville, Nevada.A total of 8 persons were detained, 5 of whom were charged with conspiracy to impede federal officers and are waiting arraignment.21WIRE journalist Patrick Henningsen weighs in on the situation in Oregon and discusses its implications with news anchor Rory Suchet from RT International. Watch: UPDATE 1-28-2016 at 11:30PM ET: Due to public pressure and intense speculation about the events of Tuesday evening, and because of the YouTube recording of 18 yr old eye witness Victoria Sharp, the FBI has released the unedited aerial video footage from Tuesday evening s incident which took place along Highway 395 here. According to the official FBI statement:  We feel that it is necessary to show the whole thing unedited in the interest of transparency.  The FBI video entitled,  Complete, Unedited Video of Joint FBI and OSP Operation 01/26/2016 , does show the victim Lavoy Finicum exiting the truck awkwardly in at least two feet of snow, and he clearly does not  charge towards  the SWAT team, and his hands are clearly held high above his head as he exits his truck when confronted by a SWAT team, before being shot multiple times by marksmen and falling in the snow. Also, the scale and size of this operation is very evident by the footage, and the apprehension of the protesters was not the result of a mere  traffic stop  as it was wrongly characterized in multiple mainstream media reports. On its own, this FBI drone footage would appear to support previous government and media claims by CNN, Washington Post and others that the victim was indeed  reaching towards his waistband  which gave federal and state police justification to unleash deadly force. However, it is still not completely clear from this aerial footage whether or not Finicum was holstered (he is said to normally carry a gun on the right hip, but FBI are claiming he had a 9mm gun in his inside left breast pocket), but also whether or not he lowered his arms before, or after he was shot multiple times. For example, if Finicum had his hands in the air and was then was shot in the abdomen first, then any man s natural reaction would be to then lower his hand(s) and clutch the wound. Additionally, if any shots were fired, even in the vicinity, then confusion could have ensued which might have prompted Finicum to reach for his weapon. Either way, it is impossible to make any such a forensic determination without a corresponding audio track  which would help to determine if any shots were fired before Finicum s hand(s) could be seen lowering.WARNING: The following images depict violence and death which some readers may find disturbing. Watch: SEE MORE OREGON STANDOFF NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Oregon Standoff Files",0
22679,"BOILER ROOM – Oregon Standoff, Cuddle Parties, Guns n’ Posers – EP #41","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, 21Wire mastermind Patrick Henningsen and Stewart Howe. In this broadcast we re going big time with an extra long overdrive episode, listeners will be hearing us go around the BOILER ROOM on a plethora of topics tonight including  cuddle parties,  a Saudi millionaire running free on rape allegations after claiming to have tripped and fell on victim, Hesher bashes Guns  N Roses, the life span of the iPod about to be ended by a resurgence in tape cassette technology, permaculture farming, federal land grabs, and the demonization of the militia. We give a detailed breakdown of the situation unfolding in Oregon with regards to the Ammon Bundy s (and others) arrest and the execution style ambush and murder of Robert Lavoy Finicum. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!   Live ACR player below   Show goes live at 6 PM PST This week s topics: ",0
22680,"Eyewitness Says Feds Ambushed Bundys, 100 Shots Fired at Passengers, Lavoy Finicum Killed With ‘Hands Up’","Patrick Henningsen 21st Century Wire UPDATE: 1-30-2016 Last night, the standoff at Malheur National Wildlife Refuge outside Burns, Oregon took a rather ugly turn which resulted in one man shot dead and another wounded by federal agents.The latest incident took place as two vehicles carrying protesters, led by Ammon Bundy, were en route to a community meeting in the nearby town of John Day in Oregon.According to numerous mainstream media reports and local media outlet Oregon Live,  federal sources  are telling the media that only  3 shots were fired , but a new eye witness testimony by one of the vehicle s passengers tells a very different story.While the mainstream media is still referring to the event as  a shoot-out , according to this latest eye witness account at the scene   no shots were fired by vehicle passengers.According to eyewitness Victoria Sharp, 18 yrs old, from Kansas, who was a passenger in the same truck driven by Arizona rancher Robert  Lavoy  Finicum, along with Ryan Bundy, Ryan Payne and Shawna Cox   dozens of federal vehicles and countless agents were waiting for the group, pre-positioned at a point along the isolated rural Highway 395, before intercepting the group and detaining 8 persons, including brothers Ammon and Ryan Bundy, who were booked into Multnomah County Jail early this morning.Sharp confirmed that the passengers never drew weapons and attempted to get out of their vehicles before federal agents fired  at least 120 shots altogether  at the vehicle carrying her party.RELATED:  Federal Government Escalated the Violence in Oregon Federal agents fired their first shots at passenger and militia leader, Ryan Payne, as he attempted to make contact with the agents by sticking his head and hands out of the window, at which point Payne got back inside the vehicle.Payne then exited the truck and was detained before driver Finicum advanced the vehicle further down the road before sliding into a snow bank on the side of the road.A second vehicle, a Jeep with passengers including Ammon Bundy, had already been stopped by authorities, with its all passengers taken into custody with no one harmed.A third vehicle driving approximately one mile ahead at the front of the convoy, carrying Sharp s mother and young siblings, was allowed to pass through the police roadblocks without incident. Finicum then attempted to drive around the next federal road block, but lost control of the vehicle before careening into snow piled on the road s hard shoulder.After crashing into the snow bank on the side of the highway, the driver, 54 yr old Arizona resident, Lavoy Finicum (photo, above), then exited the vehicle, visibly upset and with his hands in the air, before being gunned down by federal agents. Finicum was walking with his hands in the air, daring federal agents,  Just shoot me! Just shoot me    at which point the agents shot him dead. The witness testimony indicates that his hands were still in the air.Numerous  red dots  from lasers could be seen pointed on the passengers by federal marksmen, in what was described by this witness as an  ambush  by federal authorities. Sharps said,  I had 20 lasers on me when I got out of the car. She also confirmed that Ryan Bundy was shot and wounded in the arm by federal agents was shot while still inside the truck.Federal forces then followed-up by firing CS tear gas rounds around the vehicle, apparently in an attempt to further disable the remaining passengers.At least 40 federal vehicles, as well as many armed federal agents including some seen emerging from the surrounding forest along the highway, should leave little doubt as to the scale and nature of the operation.Listen to Ms. Sharp s harrowing testimony here: IMPORTANT NOTE (UPDATE 1-30-16): According to this recent report by Pedro Quintana from Central Oregon local affiliate News Channel 21, Sheriff Palmer was not at the federal roadblock and had no prior knowledge of the FBI ambush of the Bundy convoy. According to the chat session relayed in Pedro Quintana s report, Palmer was asked in an online chat,  Did you witness Lavoy shooting, or no? , to which Palmer replies,  NO  The shooting from what I hear was close to 4 and I heard of it at about 5:45pm.  News 21continued: Palmer responded he had no knowledge of anything about the plans or who was coming to the public meeting. He went on to say that the  FBI and Oregon State Police know me, they shared nothing with me and they know I wouldn t have allowed it. Earlier mainstream media reports that Palmer was present at the FBI roadblock would lead Bundy supporters to believe that Palmer had betrayed the Bundys and Lavoy Finicum. One the main sources, if not the main source of the original Sheriff Palmer controversy appears to be none other than Oregon Live staff writer Les Zaitz who has slipped-in this key piece of line into his report which which says: They said they didn t know how long the roadblock would be place. Grant County Sheriff Glenn Palmer was there.  Not surprisingly, this has set-off a virtual backlash online against the Grant County Sheriff, as evidenced by the following screen shot of Google search link found here:  Is this a case of media dirty tricks by Oregon Live? Certainly, Oregon Live s coverage of Burns events has been skewed from the beginning, and have been running character assassination pieces against Malheur occupiers in a effort to discredit the protest. Sheriff Palmer is clearly on record as being sympathetic to the Hammond Ranch protest and had recently opened up a constructive dialogue with the Bundys and occupiers from Malheur Wildlife Refuge. If Pedro Quintana s News 21 report is indeed accurate, then one might conclude that Oregon Live put out a piece of disinformation, likely designed to further divide the protest movement and create dissension in militia and activist ranks. However, until Sheriff Glenn Palmer comes out and issues clear statement declaring where he was   and where he wasn t, then people will continue to speculate what really happened. (END OF UPDATE)Conflicting AccountsReporter Les Zaitz from Oregon Live, a key source of mainstream media information from the Refuge protest, did not give prominence to Victoria Sharp s account in his article, but instead chose to lead with and highlight the secondhand account of the other vehicle s passenger Mark McConnell who claimed that unarmed victim Lavoy Finicum  charged at law enforcement  before being shot. Zaitz s article even admits that McConnell s vehicle was at least 200 yards behind the truck driven by Finicum.Incredibly, Oregonian Zaitz appears to favor McConnell s account on the basis that his account has  matched accounts from law enforcement sources.  McConnell issued his version of events after being released from law enforcement custody, where he spoke for 2 hours with federal agents.Tabloid news site Raw Story also ran with a similar narrative with a deceptive headline that read  Eyewitnesses knock down conspiracy theories about LaVoy Finicum , referring to secondhand accounts by McConnell and colleague, Melvin Lee.As it turns out, Mark McConnell did not actually see the shooting, and instead had  pieced together  his account, as evidenced by his own statement later posted online: going off of what Shawna Cox and Ryan Payne were saying, which were in the vehicle, um, Visually, I seen the truck take off, you know, now any time someone takes off in a vehicle away from law enforcement after they exercise a stop, it s typically considered an act of aggression and foolish. Payne said while they were sitting there and they were clearing my vehicle that him and LeVoy had a heated discussion but he took off they had to chase him, and from what Shawna Cox was saying  from inside of his truck that when he exited the vehicle  he charged after law enforcement . What I do know to be true, from what Payne said and what Shawna said taken pieces here and pieces there and from what I witnessed, um, I didn t see the shooting, um, he was not on his knees, he was not, none of that non sense, that was a miscommunication on somebody else s part but he went after em, he charged em. Here, McConnell is, in effect, issuing a proxy statement on behalf of Victoria Sharp s fellow passengers, Shawn Cox and Ryan Payne. This is hardly admissible, as both Cox and Payne are currently in federal custody and are not able to verify the accuracy of McConnell reiteration. And yet, mainstream media outlets are propping-up McConnell s account, while minimizing Sharp s.After speculating about the shooting, McConnell then says,   I didn t see it, and I m not going to speculate on it. McConnell is said to have been driving in the rear vehicle with Ammon Bundy and his private security, Brian Cavalier.SEE ALSO: Activists or Terrorist? The Truth About the Oregon StandoffUPDATE 1-28-2016: On Wednesday evening, CNN International released a report based on an  anonymous government source  claiming that Finicum was killed by federal agents because he was  reaching towards his waistband.  The Washington Post then re-spun the story, and rather incredibly   is relying on the very same secondhand story presented by Mark McConnell, in a desperate attempt to prop-up the government s version of events: In the moments before he was shot by authorities Tuesday afternoon, Finicum led a high-speed getaway attempt. He then reached for his waistband, prompting authorities to open fire, according to a CNN report.The report, which cites anonymous law enforcement officials but has not been confirmed by The Washington Post, is corroborated by a statement from an occupier who said he was traveling with Finicum at the time of the traffic stop. The fact the media have chosen to label this incident as a  traffic stop  indicates an obvious agenda designed to minimize the obvious   that this was a pre-planned, elaborate ambush by the FBI and Oregon State Police.This same unnamed  source  cited by CNN is also told the network that the incident was indeed captured on video by the FBI, but that authorities  have not decided whether or not the release the video.  (see more breaking updates on this development below)See a full breakdown CNN, Washington Post and the government narrative here.Federal EscalationThis shocking turn of events comes just days after Oregon governor Kate Brown issued what some might consider to be a veiled threat to the protesters and militia, saying that the federal government  must move quickly to end the occupation and hold all of the wrongdoers accountable. Reports last week indicated that the governor had personally written the White House and President Obama, which specifically addressed Attorney General Loretta Lynch and FBI director James Comey, in which Brown expressed her outrage that Harney County and the state of Oregon was not being recognized for its  collaborative achievements , but rather for  outsiders seeking to exploit and manipulate a local matter for their own agenda. According to the FBI s press release, arrested individuals include:Ammon Edward Bundy, 40, of Emmett, Idaho Ryan C. Bundy, 43, of Bunkerville, Nevada Brian Cavalier, 44, of Bunkerville, Nevada Shawna Cox, 59, of Kanab, Utah Ryan Waylen Payne, 32, of Anaconda, Montana Joseph Donald O Shaughnessy, 45, of Cottonwood, ArizonaAfter the federal operation on Highway 395, in a separate incident back at the Wildlife Refuge, YouTube and internet radio personality, Peter Santilli, 50, of Cincinnati, Ohio, approached the venue and walked towards federal agents before being taken into custody.BREAKING: Booking photos of Ammon Bundy, 7 others after arrest near Burns. https://t.co/AcqRyP4pd5 #KOIN6News pic.twitter.com/un82wepf95  Brent Weisberg (@BrentKOIN) January 27, 2016Those still in detention are scheduled to be arraigned at 1:30 p.m. Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Portland.According to reports, FBI agents in Phoenix also  made a probable cause arrest of Jon Eric Ritzheimer, age 32, on a federal charge related to the armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Harney County, Oregon. Jon Ritzheimer, another controversial YouTube personality and former US Marine, appears to have left the Malheur Refuge right before the federal operation to apprehend the protesters, when he returned to his home in Peoria, Arizona.Back at the Refuge protest site, the FBI are said to be negotiating with remaining 8 to 10 occupiers inside, with reports that most women and minors have already left the site.Three weeks ago, Finicum, who become the protest s media spokesperson, made a prophetic statement on camera saying that,  There are things more important than your life, and freedom is one of them.  Watch:UPDATE 1-28-2016: Any public distrust or skepticism of the federal authorities would immediately be dispelled by speed release of all video footage (with dozens of agents and surveillance, there should have been more than one video feed taken, including body and gun sight cameras) of the event. Whether or not, and how fast this will happen remains to be seen.UPDATE 1-29-2016 at 01:30PM ET: Due to public pressure and intense speculation about the events of Tuesday evening, and also because of the YouTube recording of eye witness 18 yr old Victoria Sharp, the FBI has released the unedited aerial video footage from Tuesday evening s incident which took place along Highway 395 here. According to the official FBI statement:  We feel that it is necessary to show the whole thing unedited in the interest of transparency.  The FBI video entitled,  Complete, Unedited Video of Joint FBI and OSP Operation 01/26/2016 , does show the victim Lavoy Finicum exiting the truck awkwardly in at least two feet of snow, and he clearly does not  charge towards  the SWAT team, and his hands are clearly held high above his head as he exits his truck when confronted by a SWAT team, before being shot multiple times by marksmen and falling in the snow. Also, the scale and size of this operation is very evident by the footage, and the apprehension of the protesters was not the result of a mere  traffic stop  as erroneously characterized in multiple mainstream media reports. On its own, this FBI drone footage would appear to support previous government and media claims by CNN, Washington Post and others that the victim was indeed  reaching towards his waistband  which gave federal and state police justification to unleash deadly force. However, it is still not completely clear from this aerial footage whether or not Finicum was holstered (he is said to normally carry a gun on the right hip, but FBI are claiming he had a 9mm gun in his inside left breast pocket), but also whether or not he lowered his arms before, or after he was shot multiple times. For example, if Finicum had his hands in the air and was then was shot in the abdomen first, then any man s natural reaction would be to then lower his hand(s) and clutch the wound. Additionally, if any shots were fired, even in the vicinity, then confusion could have ensued which might have prompted Finicum to reach for his weapon. Either way, it is impossible to make any such a forensic determination without a corresponding audio track  which would help to determine if any shots were fired before Finicum s hand(s) could be seen lowering. WARNING: Images depict violence which some viewers may find disturbing. Watch here: READ MORE OREGON STANDOFF NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Oregon Standoff Files",0
22681,Episode #119 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘You Know the Drill’ with guests Robert Singer and Jay Dyer,"Episode #119 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW finally resumes this Sunday Jan. 24, 2016 presented by host Patrick Henningsen with 3 HOURS of power-packed talk radio LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:SUNDAYS   5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12pm PT (US)This week s very special edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is broadcasting LIVE, as host Patrick Henningsen returns this week with another very special show, covering the top news stories internationally. In the first hour we ll look at the latest incarnation of the Litvinenko murder mystery, the upcoming Iowa Caucuses, new reports of MH370 wreckage found in Thailand, as well as the stand-off in Burns, Oregon. In the second hour we re joined by special guest, independent researcher and investigator, Robert Singer, to discuss some new information in the San Bernardino Shooting story. In the third hour we re joined by writer and social commentator Jay Dyer to talk about the wider effects of Mass Shootings in America with including  political manipulation and the implications of social engineering.Strap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN SOME STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*   // <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt; ",0
22682,‘There’ll be boots on the ground’: US making noises about ‘doing more’ in Syria and Iraq,"21st Century Wire says Various parties in Washington are quietly laying down the rhetorical tarmac for an increased US military operation in Syria.Recent remarks by US Secretary of Defense Ash Carter (see report below) in Davos appear to dovetail with similar words yesterday from US Vice President Joe Biden who stated,  We are prepared to have a military solution for this operation, and taking out Daesh (ISIS). The following was reported by Press TV yesterday, but as yet, we cannot corroborate the story: The United States denies its special operations troops have taken over an airfield in northeastern Syria, near the country s border with Iraq and Turkey. A spokesman of the United States Central Command (CENTCOM) said Friday that the military  denied that US forces have taken control of any airfield in Syria . However, a spokesperson for the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) told Al Jazeera earlier this week that the US special operations forces had taken over the airfield near the city of Rmeilan in Syria s Hasakah province to support Kurdish fighters against the Daesh (ISIL) Takfiri group. Regardless, don t think for one second that the Pentagon doesn t already have some boots on the ground inside Syria  DELTA FORCE: According to a report at Friends of Syria, US Delta Force units are already on the ground in southern Syria near Jordanian border (Image Source: South Front)RTSecretary of Defense Ash Carter has reiterated US plans to increase its military presence in the campaign to retake Mosul and Raqqa from Islamic State, but urged other members of its coalition   like Turkey   to contribute more to the war effort. We re looking for opportunities to do more, and there will be boots on the ground   I want to be clear about that   but it s a strategic question, whether you are enabling local forces to take and hold, rather than trying to substitute for them,  Carter told CNBC from the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland. I don t think we or anybody else can substitute for them, but there s a lot we can do to enable them, including being on the ground with them. US to increase number of troops in Iraq; Carter discusses 'accelerating' ISIS campaign https://t.co/cub1ZQ50Vi pic.twitter.com/FZBqbeBk3M  RT (@RT_com) January 21, 2016There are currently about 3,600 US military staff in Iraq, in training and military support roles, with US officials announcing earlier this week that  hundreds, not thousands  more will be on their way shortly, though Carter himself vowed on Thursday that the numbers would  increase greatly as the momentum of the effort increases. The reason for the uptick is the planned offensive against Raqqa, Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) headquarters in Syria, and Mosul, Iraq s second biggest city also overrun by IS Continue this story at RT READ MORE PENTAGON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Pentagon Files",0
22683,Boston Brakes? How to Hack a New Car With Your iPhone or Android,"21st Century Wire says For those who still refuse to entertain any Michael Hastings  Boston Breaks  conspiracy theories, this latest story offers yet more proof that hacking a vehicle is not only possible   it s relatively easy to do. Everyone has seen or heard those annoying ads on TV and radio, for those new  smart  monitoring devices that insurance companies are trying hard to convince you to install in your car. They tell us,  If you are a safe driver, then we ll be sure to pass on premium discounts to safe drivers. To even the most mild skeptic, this little invention reeks of Big Brother tech.According to crafty insurance moguls, their revolutionary  smart  plug-in device connects to your car s computer port which is normally located just beneath the steering wheel. They claim that it only records drivers when they accelerate, brake and steer. They claim that this data will reveal how erratic a driver you are, which in turn will determine your road risk actuary   and how much you will have to pay for auto insurance. SMART? Munic Box plug-in technology allows an access portal into your car s computer functions.Most  smart  people realize that this smart device will not save you money, as much as it will give insurance companies like Progressive an easy metric by which to raise your rates, not lower them.If that isn t bad enough, now cyber researchers in America have shown how hackers can send a simple text message to manipulate your car s functions   even interfere your car s brakes.The hack was performed by engineering students Karl Koscher and Ian Foster from the University of California, San Diego, remotely hijacked a lovely cherry Corvette through a smart device used by auto insurer Metromile.  Watch   The team of researchers presented their findings at the Usenix computer conference in Washington, D.C. Mobile Devices did not respond to CNNMoney requests for comment. However, Stefan Savage, the college engineering professor that oversaw the research project, said that the device maker has since issued a software update.   Do you agree with us that there is nothing  smart  about this technology?Let us know your thoughts in the comment section below  READ MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sci-Tech Files",0
22684,Oregon Governor Says Feds ‘Must Act’ Against Protesters and Armed Groups in Burns,"21st Century Wire says So far, after nearly 20 days of protests near Burns, Oregon, there s been no one hurt or injured, but it seems the state s chief executive is keen to change that result.According to reports today, Oregon Governor Kate Brown told a news conference hat federal officials,  must move quickly to end the occupation and hold all of the wrongdoers accountable. The governor does not appear at all concerned with the Hammond family s plight, nor with any of this story s core issues like legal minimum sentencing, jury nullification, or private, state and federal land rights   and yet, seems to want an armed confrontation in her state   and not with any of her own state or county law enforcement agents, but by using federal agents instead. PLEADING TO FEDS: Oregon governor Kate Brown.She added,  Residents of Harney County have been overlooked and underserved by federal officials  response thus far. I have conveyed these very grave concerns directly to our leaders at the highest levels of our government: the U.S. Department of Justice and the White House. The Democratic governor also claims that the protest has cost the state over $500,000 over the last 3 weeks.  We ll be asking federal officials to reimburse the state for these costs. It s not clear exactly how she arrived at that figure, but it can t be from calculating Harney County sheriff s deputies overtime pay.Harney County Judge Steve Grasty also voice a desire to see federal agents take a more aggressive approach towards Ammon Bundy and his fellow protesters, saying,  I hope they lock it down. People shouldn t be coming and going. Maybe it s time. READ MORE HAMMOND NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hammond Ranch",0
22685,Ron Paul on Burns Oregon Standoff and Jury Nullification for the Hammond Family,"21st Century Wire says If you ve been following the protest and federal standoff outside of Burns, Oregon, you ll have seen 99% of the news coverage has been about the presence of  armed militia  and endless rumors of FBI  Waco Siege  plots   and not about the core legal issues surrounding the Hammond family.For more in-depth analysis on minimum sentencing laws, jury nullification and property rights, watch the following Liberty Report hosted by Congressman and former presidential candidate Ron Paul is joined by the executive director of the institute for peace and prosperity, Daniel McAdams, along with Jacob Sullum, senior editor from Reason.com  ",0
22686,BOILER ROOM: As the Frogs Slowly Boil – EP #40,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, ACR/21Wire contributor Randy J and Stewart Howe. In this broadcast we re going off the rails and off the cuffs, listeners will be hearing us go around the BOILER ROOM on a myriad of topics tonight including  relief booths  in the city, Sarah Palin s endorsement of Donald Trump, whether or not there is any hope in the political system, reported sexual assaults in Cologne, the Oregon standoff and El Chapo owning Fast and Furious weapons. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!   Live ACR player below   Show goes live at 6 PM PSTThis week s topics: ",0
22687,"Arizona Rancher Protesting in Oregon is Targeted by CPS, Loses Custody of Foster Children","RTOne of the most visible members of the armed militia that took over a wildlife refuge in Oregon says his four foster sons were taken away due to his involvement in the standoff, and he blames the federal government who  must have gotten to the governor. Robert  LaVoy  Finicum and his wife Jeanette have fostered more than 50 boys over the last decade at their ranch near Chino Valley, Arizona. The couple is licensed and has a care contract with the Catholic Charities Community Services. Many of the children came from mental hospitals, drug rehabs and group homes for emotionally distressed youth, he told Oregon Public Broadcasting (OPB). IMAGE: Robert  LaVoy  Finicum. My ranch has been a great tool for these boys,  Finicum said.  It has done a lot of good. He traveled to Oregon to take part in the takeover of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge at the beginning of January, leaving Jeanette to care for the four boys. But now the Finicums have no more fosters to care for.A social worker began removing the last four of the family s foster kids on January 4, the fourth day of the Oregon standoff. The last left five days later, he said. They didn t go out at the same time,  Finicum said.  One was there for a year, one of the boys was there six months, another eight months, and a month. I don t know where they ended up. He blamed the kids  removals on pressure from the feds. They were ripped from my wife,  Finicum said.  We are very successful [foster parents]. Our track records are good, it s been a good relationship. [Federal authorities] must have gotten to the governor, who told the state to get them out of there. Continue this story at RTREAD MORE HAMMOND RANCH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hammond Ranch Files",0
22688,Seven Iranians freed in the prisoner swap have not returned to Iran,"21st Century Wire says This week, the historic international Iranian Nuclear Deal was punctuated by a two-way prisoner swap between Washington and Tehran, but it didn t end quite the way everyone expected. On the Iranian side, one of the U.S. citizens who was detained in Iran, Nosratollah Khosravi-Roodsari, has stayed in Iran, but on the U.S. side   all 7 of the Iranians held in U.S. prisons DID NOT show up to their flight to Geneva for the prisoner exchange   with at least 3 electing to stay in the U.S  TEHRAN SIDE: In Iran, 5 U.S. prisoners were released, with 4 of them making their way to Germany via Switzerland.Will Robinson Daily MailNone of the Iranians freed in the prisoner swap have returned home and could still be in the United States, it has been reported.The seven former inmates, who were released as part of a deal with the Islamic republic, did not show up to get a flight to Geneva, Switzerland, where the exchange was set to take place on Sunday.Three of the Iranians have decided to stay in the United States, ABC reported, with some moving in with their families. However it is not known where the other four are.Three of the Americans who had been detained in Iran   Washington Post journalist Jason Rezaian, former U.S. Marine Amir Hekmati and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini   left Tehran at around 7am the same day, but weren t met by their counterparts in Switzerland Continue this story at the Mail OnlineREAD MORE IRAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Iran Files",0
22689,#Hashtag Hell & The Fake Left," By Dady Chery and Gilbert MercierAll writers with a desire to rattle people out of their torpor occasionally wonder if it is worthwhile to continue to try to raise their voices over the din of lies and distractions.More and more for us, such thoughts are occasioned, not by the mainstream, which predictably treats all the pronouncements from the powerful as being newsworthy, but by the fake left, which lobotomizes most of whom it touches. The increasing sophistication of this group and its rate of expansion are astounding. Its purpose is to annihilate and replace the real left, and it is making great strides in this regard.The real left includes those who, like Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. (MLK), came to realize that quantum leaps are the way to proceed, rather than tiny incremental change. The real left does not curry favor or approval from those in power; it challenges the social status quo and respects the inherent right of an injured and indignant population to rebel against authority. It is not for rent or for sale, and it does not cave in to power. Martin Luther King March (Image Source: Wikicommons)By contrast, the motivations of the fake left are money and fame: the preservation of their place in their ivory towers, together with all the trimmings of an upper middle class or wealthy lifestyle. For them, the path is smoothed and the wheels of the machine are oiled for lucrative book deals, speaking tours, radio and television interviews, and articles that are infinitely reverberated through approved sites in the Internet. Their spokespeople channel political ideas toward electoral cycles and transform revolutionary musings into banalities, paralysis, and futile actions. They attack the public s thought process itself and engender an attention-deficit disorder. Ideas are not pursued, shared, honed, and acted upon but instead displaced by fleeting slogans like  hope and change,  or  feel the Bern. Alternatively, the ideas are muddled, branded and labeled with names like  shock doctrine,   disaster capitalism,  or  climate capitalism,  so that they may be put away and no longer examined. An important function of the fake left is to diffuse legitimate, spontaneous defense. Righteous anger is made to give way to confusion, and the impetus to revolt is transformed into the futility of virtual actions. Slogans are used as vaccines to prevent the contagion of dissent. Thoughts, not quite fully formed and the beginning of spontaneous actions, like blockage of bridges and highways, quickly dissipate. They are aborted into quick visual scans of an image or rapidly associated with a few words, like  black lives matter,  and then shared on social media. Today, Thomas Paine s Common Sense would not kindle a revolution; instead it would be quoted, posted, pinned, and tweeted. The fake left is a decoy: a hunter s trap to break the leg of any possible revolution. One of the fake left s godfathers is the multibillionaire George Soros, who obviously believes that wealth equals wisdom and has come up with a clever model to launder his vast financial gains into global political influence. Soros has developed an extremely diversified portfolio of intellectual properties and non-governmental organizations (NGO) in more than 37 countries. Artists throughout the world who present their people as victims, and promote passivity and despair, are rewarded with support and prestigious prizes. Supported organizations like Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International are accused not only of selectively collecting data on human rights abuses but also of exploiting some of those data to pressure countries into policy changes that are unrelated to human rights. Independent  journalism is a major focus of Soros  Open Society Foundation, which was founded in 1993, soon after the collapse of the Soviet Union and right before the explosion of the Internet. When US-friendly corrupt governments, and US-sponsored institutions like USAID and the United Nations are exposed by the real left, Soros-sponsored think tanks and news organizations like the Center for Economic and Policy Research (CEPR) spring into action and become the voice of reason, demanding that these organizations self-reform. Countless others, also related to the Open Society Foundation, echo and amplify their message. Dismantlement and profound systemic change are never on the agenda. In most of the world, and especially the US, elections are staged, with the primary goal being to let off steam from targeted sectors of the population. A secondary goal is to make a rigged political process appear believable and give the impression of a free exchange of ideas. The candidates are presented as caricatures that trigger an emotional identification in specific groups of people. In the US in 2016, the mean, misogynist and racist ugly American stereotype is served well by Donald Trump for the right. On the other side, the reincarnated Occupy leftist champion of social justice is played by Bernie Sanders. Nonetheless it is Hillary Clinton s turn to win. Trump and Sanders serve to keep the elections in the news and to make Clinton the only supposed pragmatic choice. The ambition of Sanders to beat Hillary Clinton is questionable in light of the fact that he did not run for the presidency in 2012, although the issues were the same, and he could have benefited then from the energy of Occupy. Sander s platform is a reactivation of the Occupy themes. Occupy, however, is not what it used to be. Indeed it is a perfect example of something from the real left that was hijacked. It began as a leaderless anti-capitalist movement called US Day of Rage, but soon it acquired leaders like Chris Hedges, and its most radical elements, like the Black Bloc anarchists, were vilified and excluded. The fake left poaches the narrative of the real left so as to kill it. Outright plagiarism and abundant appropriations and rewrites are hallmarks of the fake left.  Since it lacks a heartfelt leftist rhetoric, it must continually borrow one, ironically, to excoriate it so as to present a superficial version of it. Any critical examination will show that the self-proclaimed firebrands of the left have, for decades, never moved the revolutionary dial an iota. If books like Noam Chomsky s Occupy or Naomi Klein s Shock Doctrine, or Chris Hedges and Joe Sacco s Days of Destruction, Days of Revolt had been genuine, they would have brought people to the barricades in the streets, and there would surely have been attempts to suppress them. Instead the books have been celebrated and glorified by the media establishment, because these pseudo-radical manifestos have not brought action but paralysis.The latest offering by Naomi Klein, This Changes Everything, will, by design, change absolutely nothing at all, except the balance of her bank account. TOAST OF THE LEFT: Author Naomi Klein.Those few of us who are genuinely trying to change the course of events sometimes wonder how we can compete against this powerful new machine that appropriates our message, twists it, and then blasts a degraded version of it through countless bullhorns. Doesn t the public realize that wealth and fame are not the normal trappings of revolutionaries? Don t people know that revolution is never easy, and that if it appears to be, it is not real? If words like earth, nature, life, democracy, dissent, protest, love, and revolution are allowed to lose their weight, our voices will go the way of the song of the extinct Dodo bird. It is imperative that these words be reappropriated and reinfused with meaning.Revolutionary talk cannot be permitted to become an exercise in futile venting or a validation of passivity; to mean anything at all, it must be enacted in community.Dady Chery is the author of We Have Dared to Be Free, and Gilbert Mercier is the author of The Orwellian Empire. This article was originally published at New Junkie PostREAD MORE 2016 ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22690,Astroturfing: Journalist Reveals Brainwashing Tactic Uses to Manipulate Public Opinion,"Vic Bishop Waking TimesOur reality is carefully constructed by powerful corporate, political and special interest sources in order to covertly sway public opinion. Blatant lies are often televised regarding terrorism, food, war, health, etc. They are fashioned to sway public opinion and condition viewers to accept what have become destructive societal norms.The practice of manipulating and controlling public opinion with distorted media messages has become so common that there is a whole industry formed around this. The entire role of this brainwashing industry is to figure out how to spin information to journalists, similar to the lobbying of government. It is never really clear just how much truth the journalists receive because the news industry has become complacent. The messages that it presents are shaped by corporate powers who often spend millions on advertising with the six conglomerates that own 90% of the media:General Electric (GE), News-Corp, Disney, Viacom, Time Warner, and CBS. Yet, these corporations function under many different brands, such as FOX, ABC, CNN, Comcast, Wall Street Journal, etc, giving people the perception of choice   As Tavistock s researchers showed, it was important that the victims of mass brainwashing not be aware that their environment was being controlled; there should thus be a vast number of sources for information, whose messages could be varied slightly, so as to mask the sense of external control. ~ Specialist of mass brainwashing, L. WolfeNew Brainwashing Tactic Called AstroturfWith alternative media on the rise, the propaganda machine continues to expand. Below is a video of Sharyl Attkisson, investigative reporter with CBS, during which she explains how  astroturf,  or fake grassroots movements, are used to spin information not only to influence journalists but to sway public opinion. Astroturf is a perversion of grassroots. Astroturf is when political, corporate or other special interests disguise themselves and publish blogs, start facebook and twitter accounts, publish ads, letters to the editor, or simply post comments online, to try to fool you into thinking an independent or grassroots movement is speaking. ~ Sharyl Attkisson, Investigative ReporterHow do you separate fact from fiction? Sharyl Attkisson finishes her talk with some insights on how to identify signs of propaganda and astroturfing  These methods are used to give people the impression that there is widespread support for an agenda, when, in reality, one may not exist. Astroturf tactics are also used to discredit or criticize those that disagree with certain agendas, using stereotypical names such as conspiracy theorist or quack. When in fact when someone dares to reveal the truth or questions the  official  story, it should spark a deeper curiosity and encourage further scrutiny of the information.This article (Journalist Reveals Tactics Brainwashing Industry Uses to Manipulate the Public) was originally created and published by Waking Times and is published here under a Creative Commons license with attribution to Vic Bishop and WakingTimes.com. It may be re-posted freely with proper attribution, author bio, and this copyright statement. READ MORE MSM PROPAGANDA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Watch Files",0
22691,The New American Century: An Era of Fraud,"Paul Craig RobertsIn the last years of the 20th century fraud entered US foreign policy in a new way.  On false pretenses Washington dismantled Yugoslavia and Serbia in order to advance an undeclared agenda. In the 21st century this fraud multiplied many times. Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia, and Libya were destroyed, and Iran and Syria would also have been destroyed if the President of Russia had not prevented it.  Washington is also behind the current destruction of Yemen, and Washington has enabled and financed the Israeli destruction of Palestine.  Additionally, Washington operated militarily within Pakistan without declaring war, murdering many women, children, and village elders under the guise of  combating terrorism.  Washington s war crimes rival those of any country in history.I have documented these crimes in my columns and books (Clarity Press). Anyone who still believes in the purity of Washington s foreign policy is a lost soul  Russia and China now have a strategic alliance that is too strong for Washington. Russia and China will prevent Washington from further encroachments on their security and national interests. Those countries important to Russia and China will be protected by the alliance.  As the world wakes up and sees the evil that the West represents, more countries will seek the protection of Russia and China.America is also failing on the economic front.  My columns and my book, The Failure of Laissez Faire Capitalism, which has been published in English, Chinese, Korean, Czech, and German, have shown how Washington has stood aside, indeed cheering it on, while the short-term profit interests of management, shareholders, and Wall Street eviscerated the American economy, sending manufacturing jobs, business know-how, and technology, along with professional tradeable skill jobs, to China, India, and other countries, leaving America with such a hollowed out economy that the median family income has been falling for years. Today 50% of 25 year-old Americans are living with their parents or grandparents because they cannot find employment sufficient to sustain an independent existance.This brutal fact is covered up by the presstitute US media, a source of fantasy stories of America s economic recovery.The facts of our existence are so different from what is reported that I am astonished. As a former professor of economics, Wall Street Journal editor and Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy, I am astonished at the corruption that rules in the financial sector, the Treasury, the financial regulatory agencies, and the Federal Reserve.  In my day, there would have been indictments and prison sentences of bankers and high government officials.In America today there are no free financial markets.  All the markets are rigged by the Federal Reserve and the Treasury. The regulatory agencies, controlled by those the agencies are supposed to regulate, turn a blind eye, and even if they did not, they are helpless to enforce any law, because private interests are more powerful than the law.Even the government s statistical agencies have been corrupted. Inflation measures have been concocted in order to understate inflation. This lie not only saves Washington from paying Social Security cost-of-living adjustments and frees the money for more wars, but also by understating inflation, the government can create real GDP growth by counting inflation as real growth, just as the government creates 5% unemployment by not counting any discouraged workers who have looked for jobs until they can no longer afford the cost of looking and give up.  The official unemployment rate is 5%, but no one can find a job.  How can the unemployment rate be 5% when half of 25-year olds are living with relatives because they cannot afford an independent existence?  As John Williams (shadowfacts) reports, the unemployment rate that includes those Americans who have given up looking for a job because there are no jobs to be found is 23%.The Federal Reserve, a tool of a small handful of banks, has succeeded in creating the illusion of an economic recovery since June, 2009, by printing trillions of dollars that found their way not into the economy but into the prices of financial assets.  Artificially booming stock and bond markets are the presstitute financial media s  proof  of a booming economy.The handful of learned people that America has left, and it is only a small handful, understand that there has been no recovery from the previous recession and that a new downturn is upon us.  John Williams has pointed out that US industrial production, when properly adjusted for inflation, has never recovered its 2008 level, much less its 2000 peak, and has again turned down.The American consumer is exhausted, overwhelmed by debt and lack of income growth. The entire economic policy of America is focused on saving a handful of NY banks, not on saving the American economy.Economists and other Wall Street shills will dismiss the decline in industrial production as America is now a service economy. Economists pretend that these are high-tech services of the New Economy, but in fact waitresses, bartenders, part time retail clerks, and ambulatory health care services have replaced manufacturing and engineering jobs at a fraction of the pay, thus collapsing effective aggregate demand in the US. On occasions when neoliberal economists recognize problems, they blame them on China.It is unclear that the US economy can be revived. To revive the US economy would require the re-regulation of the financial system and the recall of the jobs and US GDP that offshoring gave to foreign countries. It would require, as Michael Hudson demonstrates in his new book, Killing the Host, a revolution in tax policy that would prevent the financial sector from extracting economic surplus and capitalizing it in debt obligations paying interest to the financial sector.The US government, controlled as it is by corrupt economic interests, would never permit policies that impinged on executive bonuses and Wall Street profits.  Today US capitalism makes its money by selling out the American economy and the people dependent upon it.In  freedom and democracy  America, the government and the economy serve interests totally removed from the interests of the American people. The sellout of the American people is protected by a huge canopy of propaganda provided by free market economists and financial presstitutes paid to lie for their living.When America fails, so will Washington s vassal states in Europe, Canada, Australia, and Japan.  Unless Washington destroys the world in nuclear war, the world will be remade, and the corrupt and dissolute West will be an insignificant part of the new world.Dr. Paul Craig Roberts was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy and associate editor of the Wall Street Journal. He was columnist for Business Week, Scripps Howard News Service, and Creators Syndicate. He has had many university appointments. His internet columns have attracted a worldwide following. Roberts  latest books are The Failure of Laissez Faire Capitalism and Economic Dissolution of the West, How America Was Lost, and The Neoconservative Threat to World Order. READ MORE NWO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NWO Files",0
22692,Hillary Clinton: ‘Israel First’ (and no peace for Middle East),"Robert Fantina CounterpunchAlthough the United States is still ten months from its next exercise in electoral futility, most polls do not indicate what former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is most anxious to see: a runaway victory for her candidacy. It is a good sign that, despite the fact that she has no real contrasting opponent on the Democratic side, the coronation she expected isn t going to happen.One might say that this writer focuses too much on Mrs. Clinton s adoration of Israel. But by looking at her comments about that apartheid nation, one gets a clear view of some broader, very troubling perspectives that Mrs. Clinton seems to hold.On January 6, an opinion piece appeared in The Jewish Journal, written by Mrs. Clinton. It is a fawning, maudlin essay, typical of the writing of anyone seeking national political office in the U.S. who knows they must pay homage to their Israeli lord and master. A few points from this essay tell much about Mrs. Clinton. I m especially concerned about the new wave of violence inside Israel itself   brutal stabbings, shootings, and vehicle attacks that seek to sow fear among the innocent. The number of Palestinians killed in the West Bank alone by settler and IOF (Israel Occupation Force) terrorists is at a ten-year high. Why is Mrs. Clinton not  especially concerned  about the continuing wave of violence against Palestinians, in an area that even the U.S. says Israel occupies illegally? Do not these vicious attacks  seek to sow fear among the innocent ? Only a two-state solution negotiated between the parties can provide Palestinians independence, sovereignty, and dignity, and provide Israelis the secure and recognized borders of a democratic Jewish state. Why, oh why, does Mrs. Clinton continue to make this ridiculous statement? The borders of the Jewish state are recognized by most of the world, including the United Nations, and consist of those determined prior to 1967. There is nothing to negotiate. Does Mrs. Clinton disdain international law? It appears that she feels Israel, like the U.S. in its international dealings, is, indeed, above the law. BIBI FIRST: Hillary Clinton will never tell Israel  no .And this writer must point out, once again, that negotiations, which have proceeded on and off for twenty years or so, can only be effective when each side wants something the other has, that it can only obtain by surrendering something it has. Israel wants all of Palestine, and takes it, piece by piece, with complete impunity. Why should Palestine agree to pointless negotiations?Mrs. Clinton refers to the  secure and recognized  borders of a Jewish state, but does not seem to consider the  secure and recognized  borders of a Palestinian state. We must continue to fight against global efforts to delegitimize Israel. The Boycott, Divestment, and Sanctions movement, known as BDS, is the latest front in this battle. BDS demonizes Israeli scientists and intellectuals even young students and compares Israel to South African apartheid.  That s wrong and this campaign should end. The most significant efforts to delegitimize Israel are made by Israel itself. Its racist society, wherein Israeli Jews have more rights than anyone else in Israel; its apartheid system of segregation; its complete disdain for the human rights of the Palestinians; the racist, murderous statements made by government officials all further delegitimize the country, and demonize it, and rightly so. Israel is often compared to South African apartheid, and the comparison is valid.And it is not just in the context of Palestine and Israel that Mrs. Clinton demonstrates either gross ignorance, or gross dishonesty. Her essay also contained these pearls of wisdom: We must work with our friends and partners to deny ISIS territory in the Middle East, dismantle the global infrastructure of terror, and toughen our defenses at home.  We can t just contain ISIS   we must defeat ISIS. Is that really the U.S. s goal? Garikai Chengu, a researcher at Harvard University, suggested in September of 2014 that ISIS  is made-in-the-USA, an instrument of terror designed to divide and conquer the oil-rich Middle East and to counter Iran s growing influence in the region. In a June, 2015 column in The Guardian, Associate Editor Seumas Milne said this:  [T]he U.S. and its allies weren t only supporting and arming an opposition they knew to be dominated by extreme sectarian groups; they were prepared to countenance the creation of some sort of  Islamic state    despite the  grave danger  to Iraq s unity   as a Sunni buffer to weaken Syria. Continue this article at Counterpunch READ MORE 2016 ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 Files",0
22693,McPain: John McCain Furious That Iran Treated US Sailors Well,"21st Century Wire says As 21WIRE reported earlier this week, the unlikely  mishap  of two US Naval vessels straying into Iranian waters   just hours before the President s State of the Union speech, followed by the usual parade of arch-neocons coming on TV in real time to declare the incident as  an act of aggression  by Iran against the United States   is no mere coincidence.24 hours after the incident, the Iranians returned all 11 US sailors, unharmed and in good spirits. The only remaining casualty from this event was an incident of a common condition in Washington known as  Pre-Traumatic Stress Disorder    suffered by a certain US Senator was mortified by the uneventful outcome which followed Daniel McAdams Ron Paul Institute  The two US Navy riverine command boats intercepted in Iranian territorial waters yesterday were sent on their way along with the crew of 10 US sailors after brief detention on Iranian soil.According to news reports, the well-armed warships either suffered mechanical or navigational difficulties which caused them to enter Iranian territory (although it may well have been a game of cat-and-mouse to test the Iranian response). The US sailors were apparently treated well, enjoyed what appeared a decent meal in relaxed surroundings, and in the end apologized for the mistake and praised their treatment by the Iranians. Thanks to President Obama s policy shift on Iran toward engagement and away from isolationism, Secretary of State John Kerry was able to telephone his Iranian counterpart Mohammad Zarif and quickly defuse what just months ago would have been a far more serious situation.This should be a good-news story about the value of diplomacy and reducing tensions with adversaries, but Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) was having none of it. That Kerry expressed his appreciation to the Iranians for swiftly releasing the American sailors only showed the Obama Administration s  craven desire to preserve the dangerous Iranian nuclear deal at all costs evidently knows no limit,  said McCain in a press release.McCain was furious that  Obama administration officials seem to be falling over themselves to offer praise for Iran s graciousness  and was outraged that the Iranians dared interfere with the actions of US military vessels operating in Iranian waters.In the world of John McCain, only the United States has the right to national sovereignty. The US military has the right to act anywhere and everywhere and the rest of the world dare not raise a question.According to McCain,  sovereign immune naval vessels are exempt from detention, boarding, or search. Their crews are not subject to detention or arrest. Imagine the tune McCain would have been singing if a well-armed Iranian naval vessel had been spotted in US territorial waters off the coast of New York. Would he have so rigorously condemned any US interference in the actions of Iran s sovereign naval vessels?Leave it to some clever Twitterers to post an example of the difference between US and Iranian detention.Copyright   2016 by RonPaul Institute. Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted, provided full credit and a live link are given.READ MORE JOHN MCCAIN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire McPain Files",0
22694,"JUSTICE? Yahoo Settles E-mail Privacy Class-action: $4M for Lawyers, $0 for Users","21st Century Wire says It s a familiar theme. Whenever there is a dispute or a change of law, and two tribes go to war, there is normally only one real winner after the tribulation  the lawyers. Ars TechnicaIn late 2013, Yahoo was hit with six lawsuits over its practice of using automated scans of e-mail to produce targeted ads. The cases, which were consolidated in federal court, all argued that the privacy rights of non-Yahoo users, who  did not consent to Yahoo s interception and scanning of their emails,  were being violated by a multi-billion dollar company.Now, lawyers representing the plaintiffs are singing a different tune. Last week, they asked US District Judge Lucy Koh to accept a proposed settlement (PDF). Under the proposal, the massive class of non-Yahoo users won t get any payment, but the class lawyers at Girard Gibbs and Kaplan Fox intend to ask for up to $4 million in fees. (The ultimate amount of fees will be up to the judge, but Yahoo has agreed not to oppose any fee request up to $4 million.)While users won t get any payment, Yahoo will change how it handles user e-mails but it isn t the change that the plaintiffs attorneys were originally asking for. Yahoo won t stop scanning e-mails. Instead, the company has agreed to make a technical change to when it scans e-mails. In the settlement (PDF), Yahoo has agreed that e-mail content will be  only sent to servers for analysis for advertising purposes after a Yahoo Mail user can access the email in his or her inbox. The settlement deal looks pretty similar to what Yahoo had argued it did in the first place Continue this story at Ars TechnicaREAD MORE NSA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NSA Files",0
22695,Sunnistan: US and Allied ‘Safe Zone’ Plan to Take Territorial Booty in Northern Syria,"Patrick Henningsen  21st Century WireRemember when the Obama Administration told the world how it hoped to identify 5,000 reliable non-jihadist  moderate  rebels hanging out in Turkey and Jordan, who might want to fight for Washington in Syria? After all the drama over its infamous  train and equip  program to create their own Arab army in Syria, they want to give it another try.This week, Pentagon officials announced their new plan to train up to 7,000 more  moderate  fighters, but this time the project would take place inside Syria (and to hell with international law).We re told that this was requested by Ankara, and with all NATO allies singing the same hymn   claiming that this new effort will help in securing Turkey s porous border with Syria, or so the story goes. Washington s political cover for this is fashioned from the popular post-Paris theme: to protect civilized Europe from invading hordes and the terrorists who hide among them, as stated in the Wall Street Journal: The program would address part of the tense and long-running dialogue between Washington and Ankara over sealing the border, which Western governments have long complained is an avenue for extremists to leave Syria and travel internationally, The timing of this announcement seemed uncanny against the backdrop of an unlikely ISIS  suicide bomb  terrorist attack, in Turkey, of all places, where the victims just happened to be 14 German tourists, feeding perfectly into Europe s new binary fear set of terrorism and immigration. Shades of GLADIO, undoubtedly (but you won t see western journalists entertaining such conspiracy theories).Our friends at Nation Builders Inc are banking on the global public suffering from Syria fatigue, but now is the time to really pay attention. The west s real agenda for the region is starting to unfold Despite all of US-led Coalition s scandals, lies, epic failures, false flags and official conspiracy theories, the mainstream narrative on Syria persists. It s on our TV screens and in our newspapers constantly   from Los Angeles to London, from Paris to Riyadh, every politician and pundit seems to have an opinion about,  what to do with Syria?  Everyone, except the Syria people  themselves, who like the people of Iraq, Libya, Afghanistan, Yemen and ever other country that s found itself under the cleaver of western interests   are never afforded any say in their own destiny. As is tradition in Washington, London and Paris, the only Syrian voices which count are the ones who have been hand-picked by western technocrats and approved by the Saudi royal family to form their ever-changing  recognized  government-in-exile, the Syrian National Council. Currently, that could be Riad Hijab,  George Sabra or Khaled Khoja. Next week, it could be three others, depending on who has fallen in, or out of favor with Washington or Riyadh.To anyone who was listening close enough early on in the conflict, you would have heard determined members of the western-backed  Syrian Opposition  admitting how they would,  make a deal with the devil if that s what it takes to win power.  Four years later, we now see that is exactly what happened, but whether you believe that this  devil is US-led Coalition, or terrorist armies fighting groups (or both) might be cause for debate. Others will argue over which is the bigger devil   is it the Wahabist-Salafist terrorist brigades like al Nusra Front and Islamic State, or is it the West and its GCC partners?The unfortunate reality is that these two devils are not mutually exclusive. The West and its partners not only created this  terror  crisis, but did so with the intent of unveiling a grand  solution  to the problem.Plans A-ZThe terrorist enclave in Syria is designed for purpose   to implant a hostile metastasis right in the middle of the very territory which neocolonial powers plan to tear away from the barely sovereign nations of Iraq and Syria.Since 2011, the western-led cartel has deployed various levels of international subterfuge in Syria, starting with Plan A: the Arab Spring method   igniting a popular street uprising that might capture the world s attention for 15 minutes   enough to generate some high-quality evocative imagery and a social media storm to carry memes of liberty around the globe, inspiring the people on the streets (and on Twitter) to demand  change . Their cries for freedom would then be backed up by the US State Department, along with its functionaries at Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International America, and other Open Society Institute-funded NGOs and  human rights  organizations. Obviously, this did not work. Next, Plan B: the political opposition suddenly transcended into an armed, paramilitary opposition, followed by brutal violence and killing on both sides. The US and its allies wasted no time, pledging weapons, training, cash and logistical support to the armed opposition. The west set up its own parallel government for Syria abroad, but it failed to gain any traction with the Syria people. Then came Plan C: this  opposition  would be quickly overrun and absorbed into a massive array of mostly foreign jihadi and mercenary soldiers of misfortune and other assorted terrorists. This fed into an already established  War on Terror  western narrative. Now the west had a familiar entry point into the fight. The Washington-London-Paris-Tel-Aviv-Riyadh-Doha-Ankara Axis hoped that these terrorists would do the job of overthrowing the government of Bashar al Assad in Damascus, and collapse the country into a spirally pit of sectarian and tribal chaos. Who could blame them? After all, it worked in Libya in late 2011.Fast forward to 2016, having failed to overthrow Assad and implode the nation-state of Syria, the men and women of Nation Builders Inc and their muscles in Brussels (NATO), are quickly moving to Plan D: take territory. That s not to say plans A through D weren t always in the schematics   they certainly were, and further back than many people would dare to speculate.We now know from Wikileaks cables that this operation goes back to at least 2006, but in reality, it s probably much earlier than that. Taking the long view of history and the audacious building, and rebuilding, of a Euro-centric empire in the Middle East, one could say the process began the day the Sykes-Picot Agreement was signed in 1916. Concealed between those post-colonial lines drawn exactly 100 years ago, was the latent potential for the very conflicts and uncivil wars we are seeing today. If those borders are redrawn once again, you can be certain that they will be drawn by the very same powers involved a century ago. Whatever the arrangement, it will be to weaken, not strengthen the region, and certainly not strengthen any of the present nation states in the region, especially Syria. Proprietary powers will want any new states to be stuck in a perpetual state of neocolonial dependency, with an emphasis on financial and security dependency.Mice and Men21WIRE was one of the first news sources to warn about Washington s initial impulse back in 2014 when it began calling for a  No Fly Zone  in Northern Syria. It was clear that a problem, reaction, solution dialectic was in play, with ISIS being the object of the public s reaction. That plan might have come to fruition in the fall of 2015, but a funny thing happened on the way to the UN General Assembly in New York City. Later that week, Russia announced that it would be inserting itself, and its Air Force, into the Syrian quagmire, and with that, thwarted any master plan for a US-Turkey (NATO) controlled No Fly Zone along the Turkish-Syrian border. Suffice to say, that Russia already knew NATO s next move and acted accordingly, and with purpose.When asked two days ago about the prospect of the Washington DC latest brainchild, Train and Equip 2.0, this time inside Syria, here were my initial thoughts: We now know why, and it has more to do with what s beneath the sand than what s on top.As any good pirate will tell you   if you want to claim your share of the booty, you have to do your share of the killing. The Truth About  Train and Equip The previous  train and equip  program ended with Washington s military brass paraded in front of the Senate Armed Services Committee, before being roundly lambasted for failing to train even a handful of  moderate rebels , this after being awarded $500 million by the US taxpayer to get er done. When originally announced amid much fanfare, the public were told that the US government, in conjunction with the CIA, would be arming and training  moderate  militants in Turkey, Jordan or at a base in Saudi Arabia   before sending them to fight inside Syria. Washington claims that these new trainees were meant to fight ISIS, and not the Syrian government forces, but judging by the unwavering  regime change  rhetoric from the west, it would be highly naive to think that all this was strictly for ISIS.Nine months into the train and equip project, US Army Gen. Lloyd Austin III, acknowledged in Sept. 2015 that they had only managed to get  four or five  on the battlefield by then. Not one member of the media challenged this statement, probably because most were happy with the answer given   one which gave any hawkish critics of the Obama administration the pound of flesh they wanted and served to only intensify more calls before the new year for US  boots on the ground  in Syria. Doves loved it because it seemed to prove that backing proxies doesn t work, and that the best solution was to call it quits. For the sanguine mainstream media, it served-up that all-too familiar government narrative, of a  cock-up, not a cover-up.  This is the media s natural default position. In other words,  Well, it didn t work out, but that s nothing new with our incompetent government. Nothing to see here, move along.  To ask how the money disappeared, or really inquire into how it costs $500 million to train only five men   apparently was way too much work for the media. Not one  journalist  stopped to ask, if only 5 fighters were trained and dispatched, then what happened to the half a billion dollars?The real answer to that question should be self-evident to anyone studying reports on the ground in Syria, and is way too uncomfortable for the US media to stomach   that the US  train and equip  program provided the necessary official cover to allow the prosecution of a dirty war under the table. It wasn t a failure like fall guy Gen. Lloyd Austin will have you believe, it was a success.Judging by the proliferation of heavy weaponry and other lethal arms that have made it into the hands of al Qaeda in Syria (al Nusra Front), ISIS, Jaysh al Islam and others   it s clear that Uncle Sam s generous donation of $500 million has definitely been used to equip, if not train, those  rebels  in Syria.Middle East commentator and analyst Sharmine Narwani explains the West s perennial dilemma when trying to identify who their  moderates  are in Syria: For years, Washington has insisted there are armed  moderate  groups in Syria, but have gone to great lengths to avoid naming these  moderates.  Why? Because if moderates were named and identified, the US would have to be very, very certain that no past, present or future  atrocity video  would surface to prove otherwise. And the US could not guarantee this with any of the groups they have armed, trained or financed in Syria over the past five years. The next  train and equip  round will be more focused, and will be used to secure the following  The map above is from July 2015, but still represents the current military chessboard in Syria.Safe Zone =  Sunnistan Somehow it feels like 1998 all over again, with bad memories of the KLA in Kosovo, imported jihadist fighters in Bosnia, and NATO lording over a newly balkanized region.When you hear US officials like John McCain or clueless Republican presidential candidates like Marco Rubio or Carly Fiorina, all crowing for a  Safe Zone  in northern Syria, this is what they are referring to (see map above). Their  safe zone  just so happens to be in the exact same area where ISIS is currently holding court. It s a  safe zone  alright, but not for refugees and  Syrians fleeing the evil Bashar al Assad    rather, the  safe zone  will be for an array of  rebel  and terrorist fighters, part of a defacto Sunni state-lette in waiting.So the US-led Coalition s  safe zone  is the very Caliphate that Americans are decrying.For anyone requiring proof that such a grand chessboard is in play in Syria, they need look no further than a set of US airstrikes that took place before Christmas. On December 6, 2015,  US fighter bombers struck a Syrian military base located in the village of Ayyash in Deir Ezzor Province, east of Raqqa, which killed 3 Syrian Arab Army (SAA) soldiers and wounded additional others. Naturally, the Pentagon swiftly denied that any such attack took place. What happened after this incident was extremely telling, as explained by global affairs analyst Mike Whitney from Counterpunch Magazine: It s also worth noting, that according to South Front military analysis, the US bombing raid coincided with a  a full-scale ISIS offensive on the villages of Ayyash and Bgelia.  In other words, the US attack provided sufficient air-cover for ISIS terrorists to carry out their ground operations. Was that part of the plan or was it merely a coincidence? So the US air force was coordinating with ISIS boots on the ground, to achieve a common military objective. But it didn t end there. Less than 24 hours after the attack, US warplanes bombed the village of Al-Khan in north-eastern Syria killing 26 Syrian civilians including at least four women and seven children and four women. The message the US military is sending with these lethal attacks is that it wants to control the air-space over east Syria where it plans to remove ISIS and establish a de facto Sunni state consistent with its scheme to break Syria and Iraq into smaller cantons governed by local warlords, Islamic fanatics, and US puppets. Also taking place at the same moment on Dec 6th, was Turkey s quiet little invasion into northern Iraq, sending hundreds of troops and at least 20 tanks into territory north of Mosul, right between the Kurds and ISIS. It should be noted that this illegal incursion by NATO member Turkey was not approved by the Iraqi government in Baghdad, and Iraqi PM Haider al-Abadi called for Turkey to  immediately withdraw its troops.  Judging by Washington s silence on the matter, it s obvious that the US gave Turkey its full blessing. Here, Zero Hedge astutely points out the obvious: Most importantly of all, right on what Al-Araby al-Jadeed claims is the smuggling route for illegal ISIS crude into Turkey from Iraq.  Not surprisingly, Turkey s sudden move also came at the same time that Russia began to publicly expose Turkey s clandestine role in facilitating the ISIS oil trade, as well as launching airstrikes to destroy ISIS oil convoys moving from Syria into Turkey. And then Turkish leader Recep Tayyip Erdo an (photo, left) places his military assets at the very location where stolen ISIS oil makes its way from Iraq into Turkey? Hardly a coincidence.Make no mistake, both ends of NATO s military axle, the United States and Turkey, along with their Saudi-backed boots on the ground in ISIS and al Nusra   have each made critical strategic moves in unison, and with a specific military purpose each time, nudging towards securing territory. Once each key piece is finally in position, all that is required is a new  crisis , either in the region, or in Europe, or in America   to allow the Axis powers to move in quickly and take what is needed to implement the next phase of the game, whether that s creating a Kurdish canton, or a Sunni state-lette. Such moves will rarely be covered by the western international media.To be perfectly clear, the terms  Sunni  and  Shia  are the favored sectarian lexicon used by Nation Builders Inc and its international partners in Riyadh and Tel Aviv. My intention here is not to reduce the Muslim world down to this paradigm, but the architects of instability will use these terms, over and over   in their attempt to both marginalize and dehumanized Muslims for their own selfish ends.What s the  safe zone  for? As the US-led Coalition steps up its 18 month-long Punch  n Judy air operation to supplant ISIS from Raqqa, those western-backed jihadis will later require a safe corridor to flee but still remain connected to their Turkish supply lines. Washington s  safe zone  would also provide a much-needed safe haven for  rebels  who have been sent packing by the Syrian government from towns like Homs and others, as part of a painstaking disarming and reconciliation process between the Assad government and  opposition  rebels who are willing to participate in the program. Once the NATO-GCC Axis has established a mini protectorate inside of Syria, this will provide everything ISIS, al Nusra, Ahrar al-Sham, Turkmens et all will need; a secure launching pad for incursions further inside Syria   which will certainly guarantee a longer, protracted conflict in Syria   and beyond.This little Sunni wedge is also conveniently located next to a large rebel-terrorist contingent in Syria s northwestern Idlib governorate (province). Syria s border with Turkey has been porous from the beginning of the conflict, so the proposed  safe zone  will allow Turkey to maintain this status quo   where it has been continuously allowing the free-flow of weapons, rebels and terrorist fighters alike, along with oil, narcotics and human trafficking   to move freely through its southern border with Syria.If  regime  change  rhetoric is anything to go by, along with turning a blind eye to NATO member Turkey s role in facilitating supply lines and safe passage for al Qaeda and ISIS, then Washington s agenda is fairly transparent here. If they can establish a  internationally recognized  safe zone and a No-Fly Zone on top of it, central planners believe they will have the platform they need to eventually destroy Damascus, install their own western puppet, and then carve up Syria and northern Iraq accordingly. ISIS RAT-LINES: Black market oil has been a key component to carrying on both conflicts in Syria, and Iraq.For the architects of instability in Washington, one crucial benefit of carving out Sunni territory in both northern and eastern Syria is that available oil will help fund all of their paramilitary and terrorist needs   making it sustainable. To guarantee this uninterrupted income stream from black market oil which is presently making its way out of Syria and into Turkey and via Kurdistan, help is required from the Kurdish Regional Government (KRG) and other stakeholders, including the British-Turkish firm Genel Energy, just one firm who is providing the end-run to market for illicit ISIS oil. Ditto for a key mover and shaker in Raqqa s new Rockefeller class, Bilal Erdogan, the son of Turkish president, who according to numerous recent reports has already amassed a small fortune from the lucrative oil-for-terror trade.This is a problem, but one which Washington, London and Paris are not overly concerned with, much less upset about. Iraqi, Kurdish and Turkish opposition officials have accused Turkish governments and the KRG of deliberately allowing some of these smuggling operations to take place.Even as provisional state-lettes and cantons are conjured around it, there is no guarantee that Greater Kurdistan will ever see the light of day if Nation Builders Inc having anything to say bout it. The promise of Greater Kurdistan is as important to neocolonialists, than the reality of a Greater Kurdistan. Turkey also has its own interests and ambitions, and a Greater Kurdistan is not compatible with them. Iraq is not crazy about the idea either, because of obvious financial and energy resource reasons. So they remain in limb indefinitely, even as smaller quasi-Kurdish entities sprout up around the KRG. Turkey has its own ongoing  Kurdish problem  within Turkish borders, so Ankara will naturally view any expressions of Kurdish autonomy around it as a threat and potential inspiration for international Kurdish solidarity. Ruling over the Kurds means keeping them divided, and playing them off against their neighbors.There are those within the Turkish establishment who believe there are old scores still unsettled   in reclaiming Turk territory in both Syria and Iraq.SEE ALSO: SPECIAL REPORT: ISIS Oil? Follow the Money (Back to Europe)Here is where Sunnistan proper can emerge, coming into its own once set pieces are in place in Iraq and across Kurdistan, as Mike Whitney explained: So it looks like an agreement has been struck between Turkey, the KRG and the United States to seize parts of northern Iraq and eastern Syria to create a de facto Sunni state that will be jointly-controlled by Ankara and Washington.  It also looks like Obama has agreed to use dodgy jihadi-proxies (aka Terrorists) to work alongside US Special Forces to carry out future military operations.  So while the effort to remove Assad has been temporarily put on the backburner, the determination to destroy Syria is as strong as ever.  Another dismembered part of old Syria and Iraq which central planners are hoping to hack-off is an area called Rojava (see map above), or  Western Kurdistan . This region in northern Syria, formerly known as Syrian Kurdistan, gained its autonomy in November 2013 as part of the ongoing Rojava Revolution. The Kurdish defense forces here are known as the YPG (People s Defense Units) and are not on friendly footing with neighboring Turkey, for a number of reasons, not least of all because YPG defense forces present resistance to both al Nusra and ISIS encroachments into all three Rojava cantons. For Turkey, this is bad for business. How Rojava will factor into Washington s plans is not clear yet, but it occupies the most strategic squares on the chessboard.Make no mistake, the history s actors are all in for this plan. Do not be fooled by talk of  peace and stability  or humanitarian platitudes from western leaders, the UN, or the fair weather international community.Another indication that these plans have the full backing of the neoconservative illiterati, and Israel too, was PNAC walrus and former US Ambassador to the UN John Bolton s recent article in the establishment s daily journal of political posterity, the New York Times, where he states: Today s reality is that Iraq and Syria as we have known them are gone. The Islamic State has carved out a new entity from the post-Ottoman Empire settlement, mobilizing Sunni opposition to the regime of President Bashar al-Assad and the Iran-dominated government of Iraq. Also emerging, after years of effort, is a de facto independent Kurdistan. Central planners will happily frame this geopolitical scenario within the preferred theme of Sunni vs Shia  sectarian strife  in the region, which just happens to suit the interests and desires of both Saudi Arabia and Israel. Bolton confirms this: If, in this context, defeating the Islamic State means restoring to power Mr. Assad in Syria and Iran s puppets in Iraq, that outcome is neither feasible nor desirable. Rather than striving to recreate the post-World War I map, Washington should recognize the new geopolitics. The best alternative to the Islamic State in northeastern Syria and western Iraq is a new, independent Sunni state. Not so fast Mr. Ambassador. The Islamic State is the Sunni State.So for all intents and purposes, he s calling for the establishment of the Caliphate (funny how this goes right over the heads of  conservatives ). This is just one of many geostrategic moves which will guarantee instability and military conflict in the region for another 100 years, as well as provide a timely entr e through to Azerbaijan and into Iran, and later towards the Eurasian heartland of Dagestan (Russia s emerging energy center and geographic underbelly).In the meantime, expect to be pelted with endless propaganda about starving children in one town or another, changing week to week   with the usual slogans like,  we must act now! , and blaming Bashar al Assad for the suffering of his people. It s already wearing thin.Until the US and its NATO-GCC Axis stops flooding Syria and the region with weapons and terrorist fighters, and continues its policy of toppling secular nation-states   then any attempt at holding peace talks will end up back at square one, and stand as another exercise in futility.If the Syrian conflict has been good for one thing (and that s not to say it has), it s that the scripted western narrative, in all of its variations, has finally hit the wall of truth.***Author Patrick Henningsen is a writer, lecturer and global affairs analyst for international TV and radio. He is also the founder and co-editor of 21stCenturyWire.com.READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22696,How to Blow $700 Million: Al Jazeera America Finally Calls it Quits,"21st Century Wire says Al Jazeera America will go down in history as one of the biggest failures in broadcast media history.Ever since the US and its allies began plotting to overthrow Libya and Syria, Al Jazeera has deteriorated from a promising international news network in 2003   into what it has become in 2016   a full-blown agit prop media shop for the US State Department and the Pentagon. In fact, US Military Central Command (CENTCOM) for the Middle East region is located in Qatar s capital of Doha, conveniently located just down the road from Al Jazeera s headquarters. Nice and cozy.Al Jazeera s role in promoting  regime change  and the destablization of Syria is now recorded history, as are its many shameful exhibitions of media fakery.The Qatari royals tried to expand propaganda operations into North America, but no matter how much money they threw at it (and those royals just love throwing money at things to try and get them to work), no one cared about it, much less watched it. I know this will be a massive disappointment for everyone here who has worked tirelessly for our long-term future. The decision that has been made is in no way because AJAM has done anything but a great job,  reads a company email from CEO Al Anstey, obtained by Politico.Indeed, they tried everything it seems, just short of paying Americans to watch their programs Al Jazeera America to close down https://t.co/EmFjBw9uC1 pic.twitter.com/HDea8ujTPt  Al Jazeera America (@ajam) January 13, 2016In 2012, the Qatari-owned Al Jazeera purchased Current TV from Al Gore for an inflated $500 million. Wait, it gets worse MONEY FOR NOTHING: Gore got fat off the AJAM deal.In addition to the $500 million which Doha blew on buying Gore s lemon, Current TV, the Qataris have spent at least $50 million per year between 2012   2015, along with many millions spent on advertising AJAM on other network slots, online ads, along with billboards and print media promotions. This was the Qataris   easy  ticket on to US cable and satellite networks. Boy, did Gore pull a fast one there.  In total, you would be looking at $700 million for the whole party. At its apex, AJAM would be lucky to pull in 30,000 viewers during prime time   which really amounts to a  nothing  market share.With all that money, and considering the hundreds of staff and  media executives  and producers they employed, it s safe to say that someone(s) did not have a clue what they were doing.What a colossal joke.On the bright side, the Qataris can always blame the collapse in oil prices for their lack of spare cash to fund their propaganda mills.READ MORE MAINSTREAM MEDIA EPIC FAILS AT: 21st Century Wire MSM Watch",0
22697,10 U.S. Navy Sailors Held by Iranian Military – Signs of a Neocon Political Stunt,"21st Century Wire says As 21WIRE predicted in its new year s look ahead, we have a new  hostage  crisis underway.Today, Iranian military forces report that two small riverine U.S. Navy boats were seized in Iranian waters, and are currently being held on Iran s Farsi Island in the Persian Gulf. A total of 10 U.S. Navy personnel, nine men and one woman, have been detained by Iranian authorities. NAVY STRAYED: U.S. Navy patrol boat in the Persian Gulf (Image Source: USNI)According to the Pentagon, the initial narrative is as follows: The sailors were on a training mission around noon ET when their boat experienced mechanical difficulty and drifted into Iranian-claimed waters and were detained by the Iranian Coast Guard, officials added. The story has since been slightly revised by White House spokesman Josh Earnest to follow this narrative:The 2 boats were traveling en route from Kuwait to Bahrain, when they were stopped and detained by the Iranians.According to USNI, search and rescue teams from the Harry S. Truman Strike group were scrambled to aid the crew but stopped short after the crew was taken by the Iranians. We have been in contact with Iran and have received assurances that the crew and the vessels will be returned promptly,  Pentagon spokesman Peter Cook told AP. According to Persian Gulf TV: Farsi Island is one of the Iranian islands in the Persian Gulf, Bushehr province of Iran. There is an IRGC Navy base on this Island. The island has an area of about 0.25 km  and is completely restricted to public, due to top secret governmental activities. According to NBC News, U.S. State Department is in touch with Tehran officials and the Iranians recognize that the U.S. Navy straying off course was a mistake, and that the sailors will be released  within hours.  WAR INC: CNN s Wolf Blitzer wasted no time in ramping-up talk of military tension with Israeli-financed neocon Senator Tom Cotton.Neocon StuntAlready, the U.S. media, including CNN and FOX, are running with the talking point that,  this could not have come at a worse time for President Obama right before tonight s State Of Union speech, when he s trying to prove to the American people that Iran is a country that can be trusted to implement the historic nuclear deal. This latest Naval  controversy  also comes days before the implementation phase of the Iran Nuclear Deal. To say this is a coincidence might be naive.That said, could GOP and Israel-aligned members of the Pentagon or intelligence establishment have helped to engineer today s bizarre  mini-crisis  in order to help weaken U.S.-Iran relations, and by extension, Obama s controversial Iranian Nuclear Deal?This looks likely to be the case, as evidenced by the quick appearance of the Israel Lobby-sponsored, pro-war U.S. Senator Tom Cotton (R), placed by CNN to direct aggressive U.S. military talking points live on air as the story broke today. Cotton (photo, left) immediately called the event  hostile  and blamed Iran for the U.S. boat drifting into Iranian waters, and then blamed the  crisis  on President Obama, who he claims,  has emboldened the Iranian aggression. Cotton then goes on to tell a giant lie, on which his media handler, CNN s Wolf Blitzer, does not even blink, much less challenge Cotton s imaginary statement: The Iranians, who are largely responsible for killing our (American) soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan. Cotton then went on to threaten Iran, saying that: These sailors and both vessels  need to be immediately released. If they are not released, then the Iran (nuclear) deal should not go forward, and military force will be on the table to retaliate for this act of aggression.  Cotton then proceeded to give a veiled (nuclear?) threat to Iran, saying that,  All (military) options should be on the table.  Would Washington s top operatives go so far as to engineer or exacerbate an international crisis such as this   by dispatching the boats off course, knowing full-well that Iran would not harm U.S. personnel, but using the incident to injure a lame duck? The answer is  yes , and they ve done it before In 1979, 52 American diplomats and citizens were held hostage for 444 days in what became known as the Iranian Hostage Crisis, which just happened to take place during a US presidential election cycle, with then president Jimmy Carter (D) running for reelection against challenger Ronald Reagan (R). The crisis, including a horrific failed rescue attempt, was used against Carter in the media. According to reports at the time Reagan campaign operatives had managed to do a backdoor deal with the elements of the new Iranian regime to  hold-off  releasing the hostages until after the election. In the end, Reagan won and took credit for that  victory .Not surprisingly, at the end of his prearranged CNN segment, Cotton invoked the  feckless foreign policy  of Jimmy Carter which  caused  the 1979 Iran Hostage Crisis, and compared that to President Obama s current policy.Of all the U.S. Officials CNN could have brought in on  short notice , they chose Senator Tom Cotton, the most hawkish and closest aligned to Israel. Clearly, this looks like a neocon stunt.Stay tuned for more updates.READ MORE IRAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Iran Files",0
22698,The White House and The Theatrics of ‘Gun Control’,"21st Century Wire says All the world s a stage, and all the men and women merely players: they have their exits and their entrances; and one man in his time plays many parts, his acts being seven ages.    William Shakespeare Theatrics in politics is nothing new, but this latest TV drama was just a little over-the-top, even for this entertainer-and-chief. HIGH DRAMA: Obama s epic tears during his gun control rally on Tuesday.During President Barack Obama s landmark New Year s TV address on  gun control  he grew visibly emotional when invoking  Newtown,  with bountiful tears arriving in good measure.While right-wing commentators were incensed, left-wing media pundits were understandably blown away by his performance, and commented on it like it was a performance. In media terms, it was a very weird moment, to say the least.Of course, no one would dare accuse the President of producing tears on demand, after all   that would be impossible to fake   unless of course you re an extremely talented and trained actor   and who would believe that our President would have received that sort of special coaching which is reserved for professional TV and film actors.The thought of it is simply preposterous, right? After all, this President is surely not an actor  Nonetheless, it was high drama for sure, but there was something about what seemed incredibly staged that morning in the White House s East Room. Anyone who watched it on TV could see how the crowd clapped on cue, and laughed on cue. It was almost like a Democratic Party pep rally   which is not what the East Room is for, but there you go.Watch the scene on Tuesday here: Still, after the usual vitriolic calls to  save lives , Obama called for  Smart Guns  with high-tech biometric, personalized triggers. This seemed to be a bizarre over-simplification, as he compared firearms to iPhones, as was his strange comparison of a bottle of aspirin with a gun. If a child can t open a bottle of aspirin, we should make sure they can t pull a trigger on a gun,  said Obama.Such dumbed-down rhetoric hardly inspires confidence in the President s grasp of the firearms issue and the 2nd Amendment.The only problem with the President s much anticipated Executive Action plan for gun control in America   is that it will not be effective. In fact, nothing he is proposing would have stopped any of the supposed gun deaths constantly being bandied about by the establishment s and media s macabre list of high-profile  mass shootings . So why do it then? Answer: this is an election year, and the Democratic Party is attempting to push the issue of  Guns in America  on to the list of institutionalized, classic American political wedge issues   along with the usual balloons like abortion, immigration and gay marriage.Aside from all this, the President s executive action  is illegal. In the US system of checks and balances, the President cannot write laws   only Congress can. You d think the President, who claims to have taught  constitutional law  at Harvard, would know about checks and balances.The only real tangible result of the Administration s rhetoric on  gun control  and the politicization of  mass shootings  is that gun sales in America are skyrocketing. Shares of gun manufacturers like Smith & Wesson and Sturm Ruger were up on Tuesday morning after Obama s speech.One could easily argue here   that this President has done more to help firearms sales and profits than any other person in history, more than Duck Dynasty, and even more than Charleton Heston.The White House s campaign has less to do with actually reducing gun crime, as it does increasing federal control over the lives of law-abiding Americans. Some critics believe that this new Executive Action on guns is part of a federal nudging strategy that s using federal  mental health  directives and changes in the state HIPAA laws   to deny certain persons, including US veterans, of their 2nd Amendment rights. Make no mistake about it, there is an overall strategy at play here, only it s not being revealed to the public.So, once again, it s all theatre.The government-media complex is going fult-tilt again. Later today, together with its media partner CNN, the White House is co-producing a  Town Hall  TV special live from Virginia, entitled,  GUNS IN AMERICA . The agenda for this program is self explanatory and will be hosted by CNN s top mocking jay, news actor and  former  CIA operative, Anderson Cooper, who a key operative in the mass media brainwashing that TV networks like CNN do on a daily basis   promoting fear at home, and selling illegal wars abroad. OPERATION MOCKINGBIRD: Political-media operative Anderson Cooper.No doubt this political campaign program will feature all of the usual suspects from America s highest rated, high-profile  mass shootings  events including Sandy Hook, Roanoke, Isla Vista, Aurora, Lafayette, and San Bernardino   to name only a few.In the days before the fall of Rome, as historians have often remarked, the  Crisis of the Republic  was not so much a crisis of the people of Rome, but rather, it was a Crisis of the Ruling Class, and of Rome s Elite Ruling Families. The Republic eventually lost its way and crumbled because of their misrule and institutional corruption. Like Shakespeare, they eventually lost the plot. In the end, of course, the Republic fell because as a system of government, it could not be separated from the individuals who wielded the most power within it. In 1995, Obama s Attorney General, then US Attorney for District of Columbia , Eric Holder, revealed the progressive agenda to subvert the Second Amendment and achieve gun control in America   an agenda which is actually being played out right before our eyes today: . Create Your Own Crisis Barack Obama s former chief of staff and top Democratic Party insider, Rahm Emanuel, coined the mantra for our new government by crisis, saying crassly,  You never let a serious crisis go to waste. And what I mean by that it s an opportunity to do things you think you could not do before.  Today, Thursday January 7th, is a very strange day, with a number of unsavory narratives aligned and assembled by the Mockingbird media. Aside from CNN s big budget political campaign stunt, there are a few other worrying events taking place today:Early this morning, CNN started running is programming for the  one year anniversary  of the infamous GLADIO-style, staged false flag Charlie Hebdo event in Paris. CNN also dispatched many of their top staff to Paris to remind us about the dangers of terrorism, and that we should remain afraid.Also happening today, members of the Bundy family, assorted Militia and public lands activists are presently holed-up at a federal wildlife refuge center outside of Burns, Oregon. There are many people in Washington and throughout the mainstream media establishment, who would like nothing more than to see government forces sweep in and  deal with those people . What that entails is anyone s guess.Certainly, some high-profile  mass shooting , or gun-related incident scheduled for today   would dovetail perfectly with CNN and the White House s joint media messaging and socio-political narrative being rolled out today. Let s hope that does not happen, not today, and not ever READ MORE GUN CONTROL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2nd Amendment Files",0
22699,"Activists or Terrorists? How Media Controls and Dictates ‘The Narrative’ in Burns, Oregon","  Randy Johnson 21st Century WireThe majority of mainstream media reporting surrounding the Burns, Oregon, and Wildlife Refuge occupy protest has ranged from overly simplistic, to outright partisan. This story is a microcosm of media at its most divisive. At its core, the narrative has become reduced to the government versus the militia or the government versus the people depending on one s vantage point. On average, the mainstream media s most neutral narrative is as follows: Father-son duo of the Hammond ranching family started fires, were found guilty, went to jail, and a bunch of  militant  and  anti-government  militia men don t like what the federal government are doing and used the event to take over a federal building in the Malhuer Wildlife refuge. Further to the left, the narrative looks more like: Armed Anti-government gang takes over federal building   Oregon community in crisis  (exact words from one mainstream media news anchor)For most of the American media, that s a good enough explanation. If it fits your political template, then that is all good. Case closed ? Arizona rancher LaVoy Finicum sits watch overnight with media looking on (Image Credit: Capital Blue/AP Photo/Rebecca Boone)News media have become brand shopping. Do you want quality, fun, style, and value? Are you loyal to the name? Pick your poison. Reporting a story often times becomes the selling of a larger agenda, each agenda point with its own out-of-the-box marketing campaign and the corresponding planning that goes with it.The entire development, for major news networks, is much easier to navigate and is less confusing than constantly revising varying degrees of moderation and extremism between allegiance-switching groups in the Middle East.For a  case closed  perspective of the events from the Department of Justice, District of Oregon, after court rulings on the Hammonds in October of 2015, read here and stop.The first line of defense is to know that these events rarely, if ever, spawn up overnight and happen in isolation. For a review and thorough sequence of events, detailing how the situation has escalated to what it is now, read the following from 21WIRE, here.So is the media reporting events or peddling agendas? If they do both, maybe no one can tell the difference.Things are not that easy and navigating through mainstream news media sludge takes work. Certainly, the White House s gun-control marketing campaign this week has cast a convenient shadow over events in Oregon, and in order to force-in outside and unrelated issues, the matter at hand must be reduced to a quick and easy account by the media.One could maintain that Oregon s Malhuer Wildlife Refuge, the Hammonds, and militias have all become components for a guided tour on how to think. The reason for this is because any number of agendas and unrelated topics have been heaped upon the issue ranging from the Presidential race posturing, race itself, Islam, terrorism, gun control, and a host of distractive latch-on issues.Simplify MattersThe contrasting sides are often set-up, or at least alluded to, immediately. This is what public relations operatives and political consultants refer to as  framing . There are plenty of them working in media now, so don t be surprised to see the exact same tactic deployed in politics as is commonplace in today s  media  industry.In today s media barrage, the title alone might suffice. A quick internet search of various article titles on the subject frame everything at a glance:FBI Monitoring Armed Stand Off in Oregon National Wildlife RefugeArmed Group Takes Over Federal Building Following Protest In OregonOregon Armed Protest Leader Says Group Will Defend Occupied BuildingThe narrative is further presented as two sides with contrasting positions. Choose your position, and make your case. Most Americans will have been pre-conditioned to know where they are supposed to stand, and will quickly align accordingly. The framing here is usually a binary dialectic, or two sides only, with no grey area or middle ground. A or B, Republican or Democrat, liberal or conservative, pro-government or anti-government, Jedi or Sith? We all know the drill. Here they are mainstream media style:The Hammonds: Victims of over-reach by a federal government, or rogue ranchers who are above the law with a fondness for starting fires?The Bundy s and outside militias: Lending a hand to fellow ranchers who are too over-matched to fight for themselves, or unwanted instigators on a personal anti-government crusade?The Bureau of Land Management: Caretakers and stewards of land and resources, or the very embodiment of big government imposing its will through a vantage point of official power and authority?Over-simplified, binary arguments almost never present real events. In reality, there are two or more sides to a story or event. This is what most media outlets do not want you to understand, and this is where the  art of the delivery  comes in, by steering the audience to the  right  choice.When reporting on the events in question in Oregon, the mainstream media imply, or outright allege, that protesters and the militia members who converged on the Malhuer Wildlife Refuge intend to draw first contact and start a shootout (as seen later in a CNN clip below). The analysis about a trigger-happy militia is pondered endlessly by mainstream news personalities, despite repeated statements to the contrary by organizers of the militias in question. This is followed by an endless string of pundits and experts expressing their righteous indignation that  the federal government can t let these militants get away with this! , and so on.Activists or Terrorists?Part of the process of  owning  the narrative and shaping public opinion is to define the problem and the people involved with quick and easily identifiable labels. Among other things, this allows the media to avoid doing any real investigation into the core issues, and simply surf the partisan waves.In Burns, Oregon, this never happened. Instead the media have labeled the Hammonds as  arsonists  and the Bundys as  terrorists .The mainstream media have worked diligently to characterize the protest s leader, Ammon Bundy (photo, left), son of now iconic Nevada rancher, Cliven Bundy, as an armed insurgent and a domestic terrorist. This is likely do to the fact that  journalists  are unfamiliar with the fact that Ammon Bundy has stepped into a political role as a public and state lands advocate since 2014   bringing attention to the thousands of ranchers and farmers in the southwestern states facing federal vs state land management issues, and has spoken publicly many times since the Bundy stand-off in 2014. Viewed through this prism, the Hammond protest and occupation of the Malhuer Wildlife Refuge is quite obviously a political event. But that s not how the media are treating this.Today saw one of the lowest points in partisan media. In one of the worst displays of mainstream gutter journalism, led by  Carli Brosseau from Oregon LIVE, who has attempted to senselessly slander the Bundys by digging through all the personal records and finances of the Bundy sons and other protesters, including their businesses loans, personal property records and even traffic violations   in a clear effort to try and slander them in public for matters not related at all to the public lands issue. If only the Oregon LIVE and CNN would apply that same level of effort to investigating the government s role in Hammond case, or for the thousands of other farmers who have been forcibly bankrupted and put out of business over the last two decades.What  guilt-by-association  words better fit today s on edge atmospherics than  terrorists and terrorism ? These are precisely the terms which media began saturating the internet with moments after this event hit the headlines. Various left-wing hashtag campaigns like #YallQaeda and #VanillaISIS were strewn all over Twitter and have been trending ever since. This has provided a soft cushion on which larger media  journalists  and organizations can comfortably bounce around pejorative terms without receiving too much criticism. Here s one choice example: See tweet here.Amazingly, even long-established news organizations, such as the Washington Post, have published articles which question why the militia are not called  terrorists , while Fox Radio ponders whether or not they are  patriots  or  terrorists .The drive for the pejorative label is in full effect. This comes as no surprise, as the mainstream media have been swimming in confusion the last few years, with ever-fluctuating moderation levels of jihadists based upon what group is being backed by the West or its allies at any given moment. However, calling an American citizen or group  terrorist  immediately defines where you stand with regards to protesters or members of the militia.CNN gets right after it, throws down the gauntlet, and calls the militias in question terrorists without hesitation. The video below is a typical example of agenda driven  news reporting  that brings in unrelated issues of race, the Muslim religion, and loosely slapping a terrorist label over what might best be described as breaking and entering. Through their presentation, the event itself slightly matters and the story becomes everything but the event. Instead of an analysis into how the situation evolved, time is spent on painting a good versus bad narrative, which is done simply by applying the terrorist label to the militias. Watch: In reality, the happy mediums between demands, law, authority, and obedience are more calculus, than single digit addition. In other words, it s complicated, and no one hates complications more than media and partisan politicians. Through polarizing the issue, drawing sides, and picking a righteous winner, CNN sides with its apparent partner in Washington and presents the story in such a manner. You can even hear the sadness in the voices as they discuss the possibility that the government might  wait out  the militia instead of coming in with aggressive force and establishing  who is boss.  It might behoove any good journalist or pundit to pause and ask: are the various militias in question really terrorists, and do their acts constitute terrorism?Here is the definition of  domestic terrorism  and the  federal crime of terrorism  as delineated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI):  Domestic terrorism  means activities with the following three characteristics:  Involve acts dangerous to human life that violate federal or state law;  Appear intended (i) to intimidate or coerce a civilian population; (ii) to influence the policy of a government by intimidation or coercion; or (iii) to affect the conduct of a government by mass destruction, assassination. or kidnapping; and  Occur primarily within the territorial jurisdiction of the U.S.18 U.S.C. Sec 2332b defines the term  federal crime of terrorism  as an offense that:  Is calculated to influence or affect the conduct of government by intimidation or coercion, or to retaliate against government conduct; and  Is a violation of one of several listed statutes, including Sec 930(c) (relating to killing or attempted killing during an attack on a federal facility with a dangerous weapon); and Sec 1114 (relating to killing or attempted killing of officers and employees of the U.S.).Granted, America seems to be expanding this definition every year, as evidenced by the above inclusion of  retaliate against government conduct  on the list. This seems to indicate that any protest can be characterized as  terrorism  should the government chose to press there. Those calling these militias  terrorists , seem to be taking only  (ii)  from the above definition of Domestic Terrorism and are  running with it. Again, the FBI states in their own words above that the three characteristics are required. Nowhere does the FBI say, one of the above is terrorism, or some of the above is terrorism. As champions of the law and enforcing it, and assuming  care was taken to review the definitions by many, one would believe that they meant what they wrote and wrote what they meant. The militia is a citizen s right clearly stated in the US Constitution, but perhaps breaking and entering or  unlawfully  occupying is not legal . but terrorism?What about committing the  federal crime of terrorism  from 18 U.S.C. (United States Code) Sec 2332b above? Clearly, the militias are there, openly, with guns and stating they will defend themselves if necessary. Or, are they simply there and carrying fire arms within the law (yes, it is legal to carry a gun in the US)? The definition might appear to be in the eye of the beholder, but from the government s perspective, the definition seems highly elastic.CNN and the Washington Post are telling you whom to side with through their narrative and  terrorist  labels for the militias in question.Depending on how one views the world with regards to the issue, along with their ability to process information presented to them, determines what side they are on, or if they are even on a side. Who has the bigger agenda and the bigger stake, the government, or the militias and ranchers? Is it really about Land Management and/or People Management, or are both inter-related?Let s start with the land itself. As noted in the Congressional Research Service s 2014 document Federal Land Ownership, the United States governs, oversees, owns, or otherwise has authority and jurisdiction over land primarily through the following 5 agencies:The Bureau of Land Management (BLM) The Forestry Service (FS) The Fish and Wild Life Service (FWS) The National Park Service (NPS) The Department of Defense (DoD)Here is what Oregon looked like with regard to the above agencies and some of their sub-departments in 1996, now twenty years ago: Oregon Public Lands 1996. (Image: Wiki Commons)The Federal Land Ownership document, cited above, also notes that the overall public land managed by the BLM has dropped nearly 25 million acres from 1990 to 2013. However, this comes mostly from almost 22 million acres within Alaska alone. Within Oregon, the state in question, the BLM alone has gained almost 550,000 acres to manage from the already color-dense map above, and is set to takeover another 2.5 million acres with the their proposed Owyhee Canyonlands  National Monument    an area larger than Yellowstone National Park   set to be shut-off to the state and placed under BLM control.Part of the larger Department of the Interior (DOI), the Bureau of Land Management s (BLM) Mission Statement is:  To sustain the health, diversity, and productivity of America s public lands for the use and enjoyment of present and future generations.  According to the BLM website, they oversee more than 245 million acres and over 700 million mineral and  sub surface  acres, with a multi-billion dollar budget and about 10,000 employees. The BLM also claims to be one of the few federal agencies that generate revenue, based largely on 4.3 billion dollars of onshore oil and gas development and numerous other  land deals  brokered by the BLM.Hundreds of millions of acres is vast. Most people probably see the need for a diligent and upstanding management of it, to include the natural resources and wildlife found on the land, as well as the resources beneath it. Understanding that a  free for all  of destroying resources combined with a full bore resource grab would be adverse, many would likely contribute to the oversight of it. Being entrusted with such a job could be seen as an honorable undertaking   by citizens  for citizens. But when does stewardship and land management turn into  territorial control  by Washington DC, which invariably leads to an institutional vendetta, or  sending a message , or becomes a means to define boundaries between authorities and their subjects? Undoubtedly, this is what seems to be happening all over the western states, and with small farms being victims, picked off, one by one by a superior force   the federal government.So the federal government in Washington DC is treating State public land as its  territory , when, according to the US Constitution, it is not.Watch as Oregon Congressman Greg Walden (R) delivers an incredibly detailed and impassioned speech on the Capitol floor yesterday, outlining the scale of this problem in his state: Many Constitutional purists and opponents of federal government  over reach  and abuse of power argue that the government doesn t really own the land. By both the letter, and spirit of the law, there is a real Constitutional case to be made there. Unfortunately, it all quickly turns into a debate on power, control, and authority between the federal government and the states, further complicated by who happens to be in positions of authority for each.They point to Article I, Section 8, of the United States Constitution which authorizes Congress to  exercise like Authority over all Places purchased by the Consent of the Legislature of the State in which the Same shall be, for the Erection of Forts, Magazines, Arsenals, dock-yards, and other needful Buildings,  and they throw out the very premise of government land ownership outside of those parameters. The larger issue, beyond the Hammond family in particular, is also centered around jurisdiction   literally. Jurisdiction over land and resources inevitably stem from arrangements involving ownership and control. Who is in charge of what, and to what degree? Whose goals are ultimately being achieved and who is affected are things all citizens would be wise to ask themselves.Are the Hammonds being crushed from above in accordance to what they did and were found guilty of and does the punishment fit?The Oregonian reports: There s nobody in history who has gone to federal prison for burning a few acres of public property,  said Melodi Molt, a Harney County rancher and former president of Oregon CattleWomen.  It s not right.  The Oregon Farm Bureau said the second prison term is  gross government overreach and the public should be outraged.  And then there is what some locals see as a government land grab. The Hammonds in late 2014 agreed to pay the federal government $400,000 to settle a lawsuit seeking to force them to pay more than a $1 million in costs for fighting fires they set. The Hammonds paid $200,000 right away and paid the rest Thursday.  The settlement also required the Hammonds to give the land bureau first chance at buying a particular ranch parcel adjacent to public land if they intended to sell. For some, this was evidence that the government all along was after the Hammond ground to add to its Steens Mountain holdings. The Oregonian continues, stating that the Hammonds originally served jail time starting in 2012 under the Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996 (AEDPA). The father, Dwight Hammond, aged 73, was sentenced to three months and the son, Steve, to one year. A possible 5 year sentence, according to U.S. District Judge Michael Hogan at the Hammonds  original 2012 sentencing, would be unconstitutional and  a sentence which would shock the conscience.  After serving their time, both father and son were dragged back in front of a federal bench and re-sentenced to a full 5 year term   in what many believe was just the latest chapter in a federal vendetta against the family, waged in part by then U.S Attorney for the State of Oregon, Amanda Marshall.A New Yorker article unabashedly calls the AEDPA law,   one of the worst statutes ever passed by Congress [headed by Bob Dole] and signed into law by a President [President Clinton]. The heart of the law is a provision saying that, even when a state court misapplies the Constitution, a defendant cannot necessarily have his day in federal court. So is this the new image of a terrorist breeding ground and rallying point?  (Image: Oregon Live/The Oregonian)  Wild Cards and Other SubterfugeTo be fair, not everyone is happy about the outsiders. Caught in the midst of it all are citizens such as a local resident, Candy Tiller, quoted by Oregon Public Broadcasting, saying,  I m worried that there s a trigger-happy idiot out there  And maybe a law enforcement officer or somebody else makes a move that makes him think they re pulling a gun and he s going to shoot  I don t want that. I don t want that for anybody  This is crazy. This does not fit. These people need to go away.  Locals will always feel the tension best, and no scenario would play to the establishment and mainstream media narrative better than an Waco-style gunfight and siege, also playing out on LIVE television. Based on the current situation report, the federal government would be the one escalating tension by pouring hundreds of assets into the small town and turning the area into a quasi-military occupation, as Washington clearly did with Bundy Ranch in 2014.Whether it s a Greenpeace protest, Occupy Wall Street, or Bundy Ranch, federal agencies have tried and tested methods besides overt force, in order to weaken and ultimately bring down any protest. The first method is disinformation   a  protest leak  about a  split  within the group, or  rumors  about a member of the group wanting to leave. This type of manuever might look something like this: See the tweet here.Next is the  Dirty Tricks  phase, where a third party leaks personal information of the protesters to the mainstream media, in order discredit the protesters and help to break up the group.The other method of disinformation is a  government insider leak  designed to scare off other activists from coming to the event, but also to jar those inside of the protest and their families and as loved ones look on. Whether it is true or not is beside the point. This type of sensational storyline is designed make its way on to the internet and quickly go viral, and might look something like this: FBI preparing for Waco-style raid in Oregon Similarly, during the Bundy Ranch standoff in 2014, a slightly more outlandish story was planted in the alternative media about Eric Holder authorizing a drone strike on Bundy Ranch. Not surprisingly, the story was complete fiction. As wildly unbelievable as that story was, it worked incredibly well for the federal government because the bulk of the militia camped out at the ranch, a group known as Oathkeepers, immediately became frightened, packed up and left.Oathkeepers appear to have released another similar  insider leak  story last week for the Oregon Standoff, about the Pentagon deploying  Delta Force  to take back the Wildlife Refuge, which can be found here.Another example could be found in a Tweet released at the height of the Bundy Ranch stand-off in 2014, claiming that the government had shut down cell phone towers in a  communications black-out  (presumably  preparing to attack ). Though this never actually happened, one could easily view this as an attempt to scare away members of the public from going to the ranch to support the cause:Bundy family reports cell towers near ranch have been shut down, preventing communication & video uploads. #BundyRanch  Paul Joseph Watson (@PrisonPlanet) April 11, 2014If the disinformation fails, the next level of federal subterfuge is usually to embed or  plant  a federal informant(s) or agent provocateur (s) inside of the protest. Typically, this is done very early on in the process, but also becomes much easier once more people pour into the area. With a  patriots unite  call to stand with the militias, as seen in the below video, it s almost impossible for organizers to ever know who could be on-site, or what off-centered  rebel  or individual would simply  just show up , either to make a name for themselves through media coverage, or even worse   by starting some serious trouble between activists or with law enforcement.In terms of discrediting the protest in the court of public opinion, the Hammond Protest could field no one better than tabloid media mascot, like Jon Ritzheimer of Anti-Islam protesting fame.  Ritzheimer quickly become the mainstream media s target of ridicule and used to discredit any of the other protesters. In addition to his armed march on American mosques, Ritzheimer also tried to grab headlines for traveling to Michigan to kidnap, or make a  citizens arrest  as Ritzheimer called it, of the elderly Senator Debbie Stabenow (D)   because she supported the international Iran Nuclear Deal.Here is Ritzheimer recording his own  martyrdom-style video  before heading into the protest: Whether this is by design, or not, the effect is undeniable. This exact scenario has already played out in Burns, Oregon with the mainstream media casting Ritzheimer in the role of flag-waving xenophobe and  militia nut-job , with the added knock-on effect of painting  constitutionalists  as mentally unstable,  militant extremists.  PHOTO: Professional media villain and provocateur Jon Ritzheimer.Another prominent militia personality at the Oregon protest is Blaine Cooper (also known as Stanley Blaine Hicks). Like Ritzheimer, he also acts as a media lightning rod   due to his similar performance in a YouTube video where he rubs bacon on a copy of the Koran before burning and shooting arrows in to it, before calling it,  the most evil, pathetic book on the face of the planet.  Unfortunately, these media distractions only divert the public from real issues being raised by the Hammonds and the Bundys and will ultimately be used to discredit their land rights cause.Once again, more  Patriot Games. As the event unfolds many scenarios could happen. The worst outcome of events in Oregon would be that the Hammond family issue loses the spotlight, and the public lands issue becomes obscured by a media desperate for a anti-gun narrative and obsessed with the ridiculous antics of synthetic YouTube actors attached to event.Only the craziest of megalomaniac government officials, robotic plants, or glory-seeking wackos would really want this to escalate, led by a depraved sensationalized media, and with a public glued to the screen  Farenheit 451 style  with a bag of Cheetos.READ MORE HAMMOND RANCH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hammond Ranch",0
22700,"BOILER ROOM – No Surrender, No Retreat, Heads Will Roll  – EP #38","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6 PM PST | 9 PM EST every Wednesday. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher, & Spore along with Andy Nowicki from Alt Right Blogspot, ACR/21Wire contributor Randy J and Daniel Spaulding from souloftheeast.org. In this first broadcast of 2016 we re going off the rails and off the cuffs, listeners will be hearing us go around the BOILER ROOM on a myriad of topics including the Protest happening in Oregon over the Hammond Ranch incident and the federal abuse of small ranchers and farmers, the usual off-ramp into pop-culture topics, Obama s newest anti-gun executive order and more. If you want to participate, bring something interesting to throw into the boiler Join us in the ALTERNATE CURRENT RADIO chat room.BOILER ROOM IS NOT A POLICTALLY CORRECT ZONE!   Live ACR player below   Show goes live at 6 PM PSTThis week s topics: ",0
22701,Federal Showdown Looms in Oregon After BLM Abuse of Local Ranching Family – Bundys Lead Protest,"21st Century Wire says A new front has just opened up in the long battle between America s small farmers and the US federal government. DOUBLE JEOPARDY: Ranching family members Dwight Hammond (left) and his son Steven Hammond were sentenced twice for the same crime by federal officials.Late last week, approximately 150 people marched to the Harney County, Oregon, Sheriffs office in a peaceful protest of the unlawful jailing of two Oregon ranchers, father, Dwight Hammond, 73, and son, Steven Hammond, 46, over accusations of arson for carrying out prescribed burnings on their family-owned cattle ranch in 2001 and 2006. The family and their supporters accuse the federal Bureau of Land Management (BLM) of carrying out a decades-long pattern of abuse and persecution against the Hammonds in a coordinated effort to drive them out of the family ranching business.The scene in Burns, Oregon, Saturday morning as protestors gather in support of 2 ranchers going to prison. pic.twitter.com/ec6tmdeTik  Les Zaitz (@LesZaitz) January 2, 2016After a protest convened, a large group of supporters, including members of the Bundy family from Bunkerville, Nevada, left the public gathering and headed 50 miles outside of Burns, Oregon, (Burns is  located approximately 4 hours southeast of Portland), to the Malheur Wildlife Refuge Center, run by the BLM. The protesters have stated that their plan is to occupy the federal facility.Malheur National Wildlife building.Because of the venue s remote location, only a few journalists were able to report on the story over the weekend, but that was set to change on today, with dozens of new national media outlets arriving and setting up camp this morning. Law enforcement has already issued warnings for people to stay away, and the Sheriff s office has also informed media to expect  multiple agencies  (state and federal law enforcement) to be there on Monday morning.Below is a video statement (recorded on Jan 1st) from the protest s spokesman, Ammon Bundy, making an impassioned appeal for public support in a campaign for justice and redress of grievances for the Hammond family and also for additional support to help occupy the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge facility. Since the call went out through social media, a number of supporters and militia members from around the country have started to arrive on-site, with many more expected to arrive in the coming days and weeks.Watch: A video update from protesters and militia members as they arrive on location at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge site:  The United States Justice Department has NO jurisdiction or authority within the State of Oregon, County of Harney over this type of ranch management. These lands are not under U.S. treaties or commerce, they are not article 4 territories, and Congress does not have unlimited power. These lands have been admitted into statehood and are part of the great State of Oregon and the citizens of Harney County enjoy the fullness of the protections of the U.S. Constitution. The U.S. Constitution limits United States government.  (see the full letter here) As expected, the media coverage on this story has been extremely partisan, with many left-leaning outlets like CNN already characterizing this story as a  Militia Takeover of Federal Building  by a  anti-government gang with guns , without giving any real background commentary to the protracted legal controversy that had preceded events this week. One local affiliate KOIN6, even used the term  militants  in the headline to describe protesters on site. The following report from Conservative Treehouse, tells an incredible story of corruption and abuse of power by the federal government, its agents and courts, in what can only be described as a federal vendetta against the local family. Here s the Hammond Ranch case timeline The short summary is:  in an effort to draw attention to a ridiculous arrest of a father and son pair of Oregon Ranchers ( Dwight Lincoln Hammond, Jr., 73, and his son, Steven Dwight Hammond, 46,) who are scheduled to begin five year prison sentences (turning themselves in tomorrow January 4th 2016), three brothers from the Cliven Bundy family and approximately 100/150 (and growing) heavily armed militia (former U.S. service members) have taken control of Malheur Wildlife Refuge Headquarters in the wildlife reserve.  They are prepared to stay there indefinitely.Here s the long version: including history, details, links video(s) and explanations: PHOTO: The Hammond FamilyHISTORY: (aa) The Harney Basin (where the Hammond ranch is established) was settled in the 1870 s. The valley was settled by multiple ranchers and was known to have run over 300,000 head of cattle. These ranchers developed a state of the art irrigated system to water the meadows, and it soon became a favorite stopping place for migrating birds on their annual trek north.(ab) In 1908 President Theodore Roosevelt, in a political scheme, create an  Indian reservation  around the Malheur, Mud & Harney Lakes and declared it  as a preserve and breeding ground for native birds . Later this  Indian reservation  (without Indians) became the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge.(a) In 1964 the Hammonds purchased their ranch in the Harney Basin. The purchase included approximately 6000 acres of private property, 4 grazing rights on public land, a small ranch house and 3 water rights. The ranch is around 53 miles South of Burns, Oregon.(a1) By the 1970 s nearly all the ranches adjacent to the Blitzen Valley were purchased by the US Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) and added to the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. The refuge covers over 187,000 acres and stretches over 45 miles long and 37 miles wide. The expansion of the refuge grew and surrounds the Hammond s ranch. Being approached many times by the FWS, the Hammonds refused to sell. Other ranchers also choose not to sell.(a2) During the 1970 s the Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS), in conjunction with the Bureau of Land Management (BLM), took a different approach to get the ranchers to sell. Ranchers were told that,  grazing was detrimental to wildlife and must be reduced . 32 out of 53 permits were revoked and many ranchers were forced to leave. Grazing fees were raised significantly for those who were allowed to remain. Refuge personnel took over the irrigation system claiming it as their own.(a3) By 1980 a conflict was well on its way over water allocations on the adjacent privately owned Silvies Plain. The FWS wanted to acquire the ranch lands on the Silvies Plain to add to their already vast holdings. Refuge personnel intentionally diverted the water to bypass the vast meadowlands, directing the water into the rising Malheur Lakes. Within a few short years the surface area of the lakes doubled. Thirty-one ranches on the Silvies plains were flooded. Homes, corrals, barns and graze-land were washed away and destroyed. The ranchers that once fought to keep the FWS from taking their land, now broke and destroyed, begged the FWS to acquire their useless ranches. In 1989 the waters began to recede and the once thriving privately owned Silvies pains became a proud part of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge claimed by the FWS.(a4) By the 1990 s the Hammonds were one of the very few ranchers that still owned private property adjacent to the refuge. Susie Hammond in an effort to make sense of what was going on began compiling fact about the refuge. In a hidden public record she found a study that was done by the FWS in 1975. The study showed that the  no use  policies of the FWS on the refuge were causing the wildlife to leave the refuge and move to private property. The study showed that the private property adjacent to the Malheur Wildlife Refuge produced 4 times more ducks and geese than the refuge did. It also showed that the migrating birds were 13 times more likely to land on private property than on the refuge. When Susie brought this to the attention of the FWS and refuge personnel, she and her family became the subjects of a long train of abuses and corruptions.(b) In the early 1990 s the Hammonds filed on a livestock water source and obtained a deed for the water right from the State of Oregon. When the Bureau of Land Management (BLM) and US Fish and Wildlife Service (FWS) found out that the Hammonds obtained new water rights near the Malhuer Wildlife Refuge, they were agitated and became belligerent and vindictive towards the Hammonds. The US Fish and Wildlife Service challenged the Hammonds right to the water in an Oregon State Circuit Court. The court found that the Hammonds legally obtained rights to the water in accordance to State law and therefore the use of the water belongs to the Hammonds.*(c) In August 1994 the BLM & FWS illegally began building a fence around the Hammonds water source. Owning the water rights and knowing that their cattle relied on that water source daily, the Hammonds tried to stop the building of the fence. The BLM & FWS called the Harney County Sheriff department and had Dwight Hammond (Father) arrested and charged with  disturbing and interfering with  federal officials or federal contractors (two counts, each a felony). He spent one night in the Deschutes County Jail in Bend, and a second night behind bars in Portland before he was hauled before a federal magistrate and released without bail. A hearing on the charges was postponed and the federal judge never set another date.(d) The FWS also began restricting access to upper pieces of the Hammond s private property. In order to get to the upper part of the Hammond s ranch they had to go on a road that went through the Malhuer Wildlife Refuge. The FWS began barricading the road and threatening the Hammonds if they drove through it. The Hammonds removed the barricades and gates and continued to use their right of access. The road was proven later to be owned by the County of Harney. This further enraged the BLM & FWS.(e) Shortly after the road & water disputes, the BLM & FWS arbitrarily revoked the Hammond s upper grazing permit without any given cause, court proceeding or court ruling. As a traditional  fence out state , Oregon requires no obligation on the part of an owner to keep his or her livestock within a fence or to maintain control over the movement of the livestock. The Hammonds intended to still use their private property for grazing. However, they were informed that a federal judge ruled, in a federal court, that the federal government did not have to observe the Oregon fence out law.  Those laws are for the people, not for them .(f) The Hammonds were forced to either build and maintain miles of fences or be restricted from the use of their private property. Cutting their ranch almost in half, they could not afford to fence the land, so the cattle were removed.(g) The Hammonds experienced many years of financial hardship due to the ranch being diminished. The Hammonds had to sell their ranch and home in order to purchase another property that had enough grass to feed their cattle. This property included two grazing rights on public land. Those were also arbitrarily revoked later.(h) The owner of the Hammond s original ranch passed away from a heart attack and the Hammonds made a trade for the ranch back.(i) In the early fall of 2001, Steven Hammond (son) called the fire department, informing them that he was going to be performing a routine prescribed burn on their ranch. Later that day he started a prescribed fire on their private property. The fire spread to public land and burned 127 acres of grass. The Hammonds put the fire out themselves. There was no communication about the burn from the federal government to the Hammonds at that time. Prescribed fires are a common method that Native Americans and ranchers have used in the area to increase the health & productivity of the land for many centuries.(j) In 2006 a massive lightning storm started multiple fires that joined together inflaming the countryside. To prevent the fire from destroying their winter range and possibly their home, Steven Hammond (son) started a backfire on their private property. The backfire was successful in putting out the lightning fires that had covered thousands of acres within a short period of time. The backfire saved much of the range and vegetation needed to feed the cattle through the winter. Steven s mother, Susan Hammond said:  The backfire worked perfectly, it put out the fire, saved the range and possibly our home .(j1) The next day federal agents went to the Harney County Sheriff s office and filled a police report making accusing Dwight and Steven Hammond of starting the backfire. A few days after the backfire a Range-Con from the Burns District BLM office asked Steven if he would meet him in town (Frenchglen) for coffee. Steven accepted. When leaving he was arrested by Harney County Sheriff Dave Glerup and BLM Ranger Orr. the Sheriff  then ordered him to go to the ranch and bring back his father. Both Dwight and Steven were booked on multiple Oregon State charges. The Harney County District Attorney reviewed the accusation, evidence and charges, and determined that the accusations against Dwight & Steven Hammond did not warrant prosecution and dropped all the charges.(k) In 2011, 5 years after the police report was taken, the U.S. Attorney s Office accused Dwight and Steven Hammond of completely different charges, they accused them of being  Terrorist  under the Federal Antiterrorism Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996. This act carries a minimum sentence of five years in prison and a maximum sentence of death. Dwight & Steven s mug shots were all over the news the next week posing them as  Arsonists . Susan Hammond (Wife & Mother) said:  I would walk down the street or go in a store, people I had known for years would take extreme measures to avoid me .(l) Shortly after the sentencing, Capital Press ran a story about the Hammonds. A person who identified as Greg Allum posted three comments on the article, calling the ranchers  clowns  who endangered firefighters and other people in the area while burning valuable rangeland. Greg Allum, a retired BLM heavy equipment operator, soon called Capital Press to complain that he had not made those comments and request that they be taken down from the website. Capital Press removed the comments. A search of the Internet Protocol address associated with the comments revealed it is owned by the BLM s office in Denver, Colorado. Allum said, he is friends with the Hammonds and was alerted to the comments by neighbors who knew he wouldn t have written them.  I feel bad for them. They lost a lot and they re going to lose more,  Allum said of the ranchers.  They re not terrorists. There s this hatred in the BLM for them, and I don t get it,  The retired BLM employee said. Jody Weil, deputy state director for communications at BLM s Oregon office, indicated to reporters that if one of their agents falsified the comments, they would keep it private and not inform the public.(m) In September 2006, Dwight & Susan Hammond s home was raided. The agents informed the Hammonds that they were looking for evidence that would connect them to the fires. The Hammonds later found out that a boot print and a tire tracks were found near one of the many fires. No matching boots or tires were found in the Hammonds home or on their property. Susan Hammond (Wife) later said;   I have never felt so violated in my life. We are ranchers not criminals . Steven Hammond openly maintains his testimony that he started the backfire to save the winter grass from being destroyed and that the backfire ended up working so well it put out the fire entirely altogether.(n) During the trial proceedings, Federal Court Judge Michael Hogan did not allow time for certain testimonies and evidence into the trail that would have exonerated the Hammonds. Federal prosecuting attorney, Frank Papagni, was given full access for 6 days. He had ample time to use any evidence or testimony that strengthened the demonization of the Hammonds. The Hammonds attorney was only allowed 1 day. Much of the facts about the fires, land and why the Hammonds acted the way they did was not allowed into the proceedings and was not heard by the jury. For example, Judge Hogan did not allow time for the jury to hear or review certified scientific findings that the fires improved the health and productivity of the land. Or, that the Hammonds had been subject to vindictive behavior by multiple federal agencies for years.(o) Federal attorney, Frank Papagni, hunted down a witness that was not mentally capable of being a credible witness. Dusty Hammond (grandson and nephew) testified that Steven told him to start a fire. He was 13 at the time and 24 when he testified (11 years later). At 24 Dusty had been suffering with mental problems for many years. He had estranged his family including his mother. Judge Hogan noted that Dusty s memories as a 13-year-old boy were not clear or credible. He allowed the prosecution to continually use Dusty s testimony anyway. When speaking to the Hammonds about this testimony, they understood that Dusty was manipulated and expressed nothing but love for their troubled grandson.(p) Judge Michael Hogan & Frank Papagni tampered with the jury many times throughout the proceedings, including during the selection process. Hogan & Papagni only allowed people on the jury who did not understand the customs and culture of the ranchers or how the land is used and cared for in the Diamond Valley. All of the jurors had to drive back and forth to Pendleton everyday. Some drove more than two hours each way. By day 8 they were exhausted and expressed desires to be home.On the final day, Judge Hogan kept pushing them to make a verdict. Several times during deliberation, Judge Hogan pushed them to make a decision. Judge Hogan also would not allow the jury to hear what punishment could be imposed upon an individual that has convicted as a terrorist under the 1996 act. The jury, not understanding the customs and cultures of the area, influenced by the prosecutors for 6 straight days, very exhausted, pushed for a verdict by the judge, unaware of the ramification of convicting someone as a terrorist, made a verdict and went home.(q) June 22, 2012, Dwight and Steven were found guilty of starting both the 2001 and the 2006 fires by the jury. However, the federal courts convicted them both as  Terrorist  under the 1996 Antiterrorism Act. Judge Hogan sentenced Dwight (Father) to 3 months in prison and Steven (son) to 12 months in federal prison. They were also stipulated to pay $400,000 to the BLM. Hogan overruling the minimum terrorist sentence, commenting that if the full five years were required it would be a violation of the 8th amendment (cruel and unusual punishment). The day of the sentencing Judge Hogan retired as a federal judge. In his honor the staff served chocolate cake in the courtroom.(r) On January 4, 2013, Dwight and Steven reported to prison. They fulfilled their sentences, (Dwight 3 months, Steven 12 months). Dwight was released in March 2013 and Steven, January 2014.(s) Sometime in June 2014, Rhonda Karges, Field Manager for the BLM, and her husband Chad Karges, Refuge Manager for the Malheur Wildlife Refuge (which surrounds the Hammond ranch), along with attorney Frank Papagni exemplifying further vindictive behavior filed an appeal with the 9th District Federal Court seeking Dwight s and Steven s return to federal prison for the entire 5 years.*(t) In October 2015, the 9th District Court  resentenced  Dwight and Steven, requiring them to return to prison for several more years. Steven (46) has a wife and 3 children. Dwight (74) will leave Susan (74) to be alone after 55 years of marriage. If he survives, he will be 79 when he is released.(u) During the court preceding the Hammonds were forced to grant the BLM first right of refusal. If the Hammonds ever sold their ranch they would have to sell it to the BLM.(v) Dwight and Steven are ordered to report to federal prison again on January 4th, 2016 to begin their re-sentencing. Both their wives will have to manage the ranch for several years without them.To date they have paid $200,000 to the BLM, and the remainder $200,000 must be paid before the end of this year (2015). If the Hammonds cannot pay the fines to the BLM, they will be forced to sell the ranch to the BLM or face further prosecution. (more citations here) See updates at Conservative TreehouseHere is another video update from Ammon Bundy: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22702,A Troubled King: Chicago’s Rahm Emanuel Desperate to Save His 2020 Presidential Run,"21st Century Wire says It s not that far away. Guess who wants to run for president in 2020?Just before the New Year bell rung, the embattled Chicago Mayor Rahm Israel Emanuel (D) was forced to cut short his family vacation in Cuba, and headed back to the windy city after yet another embarrassing police shooting last week which claimed two lives as police responding to a  domestic disturbance  call killed  19-year-old Quintonio LeGrier, an engineering student at Northern Illinois University, and bystander 55-year-old Betti Jones, a grandmother.Last week, 100 people, family and activists, held a vigil for the victims. The Mayor has attempted a sort of mea culpa this time, but the public is not buying it, mainly because this was the second major high-profile police shooting incident to rock city hall in the last month. TROUBLE IN HIS KEEP: The LaQuan McDonald shooting has rattled the  dynasty potential  of Chicago s Rahm Emanuel.Currently serving his second term in office, the 56-year-old mayor is going from one crisis to the next, as tensions continue to simmer after the initial controversy, the killing of 17-year-old Laquan McDonald who was shot 16 times by city police on camera   which prompted angry mobs demanding  The King  step down.There could be a political price to pay for all of this. Not only are #BlackLivesMatter on the rampage over these latest shooting events, but also LeGrier s mother, Janet Cooksey, appeared on national TV last Sunday at a news conference, wearing a T-shirt emblazoned with the face of Mayor Emanuel with the words  Rahm Failed Us. Throughout the debacle, Emmanuel has not given in to the public pressure, even though his approval rating has plummeted 20% since hostilities began. On top of this, Chicago has earned the reputation of  murder capital of America , despite the mayor s staunch liberal policy of  gun-free zones  across the city which some critics credit towards creating a criminal s paradise. The Mayor is already on shaky ground. Only last winter, Emanuel narrowly survived a close run-off election to keep his job in office.All of this has the potential to cast a shadow over Emanuel s political future, which is likely to include a Democratic Party presidential run in 2020. It s reported that Emanuel already has a substantial campaign war chest ready to go, billions of dollars in fact, thanks to some very wealthy backers. If Emanuel does go ahead with the 2020 plan, the driving force behind his campaign will be his Hollywood mogul brother, Ari Emanuel, who will spare no expense in terms of PR, marketing and advertising for his brother s political drive to the White House. Part of the newly found Emanuel family fortune derives from their early investment in the virtual taxi service sensation, Uber, with the Emanuel investment estimated to be valued over $1 billion alone. This is not without controversy however, as it was Mayor Rahm Emanuel s deregulation of Chicago s taxi industry that helped Uber shares to skyrocket in value. Critics are saying that there was a conflict of interest there, but in today s seedy political environment of insider trading and open criminality, it might be hard for any politician to pull rank over that issue. Add to this the potential hundreds of millions more in donations that Emanuel will receive from Jewish property tycoon Sheldon Adelson, and also from Jewish billionaire and Emanuel s fellow anti-gun advocate, Michael Bloomberg   and all in the interests of serving Israel, and you can see how Emanuel could be viewed as a 2020 Democratic front-runner already.The Mayor emerged on to the DC sewer scene as part of the Clinton-Obama Chicago political machine. He s been described by AFP s Victor Thorn as,  More sinister than Karl Rove and potentially deadlier than Dick  Darth Vader  Cheney . Back when Emanuel was Barack Obama s chief of staff in 2008, many commentators remarked on his psychopathic behavior, including his frightening Machiavellian exhibition in a White House meeting where he said the administration s political enemies need to,  Die, die, die! , as he stabbed the table in anger, reportedly using either a pen, or letter opener (regardless, that s a bit scary). Enough to scare the American people considering this is a man who most likely has his eyes on the White House. DUAL LOYALTIES: Rahm Emanuel might have a hard to time putting US interests ahead of Netanyahu s.The other strange bone of contention about Emanuel as a candidate is that he is reportedly a dual citizen (although its believed he gave up his Israeli citizenship at 19 years old) who shares a national identity between the United States and Israel, and actual served in the IDF briefly after college. According to Mondoweiss,  Emanuel left when the Gulf War broke out, in order to volunteer in the IDF. He served in one of Israel s northern bases until the war ended, and upon his return to the US became Clinton s advisor in the White House for almost eight years. Emanuel can often be seen in the presence of Israel leader and Zionist extremist, Bibi Netanyahu, which raises the real prospect of Tel Aviv finally having its very own US president embedded in the White House.The fundamental question here is: when it comes down to the crunch, which country s interest would Emanuel be more loyal towards, the US, or Israel. Contrary to popular Republican belief sets, you cannot wear allegiance to both, because no matter how hard the Israel Lobby tries to portray it   both countries have very radically different national and social interests.If this issue sinks any further down the cesspit of public outrage, expect Emanuel s Hollywood PR machine to go into overdrive.READ MORE ISRAEL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Israel Files",0
22703,YEAR IN REVIEW: 2017 Top Ten Conspiracies,"Patrick Henningsen and Shawn Helton 21st Century WireOnce again, we ve arrived at our New Years Eve wrap-up of some of the most compelling and conspiratorial stories of the year. Like in years past, 2017 presented a polarizing political landscape, further exposing the current establishment paradigm. Unlike the establishment gatekeepers, when we use the word  conspiracy  here, we are talking about a real crime scene. Whether it was the ousting of thousands of western-backed terrorists in Iraq and Syria or a string of  known wolf  attacks amplified by made-to-order media agitprop, or the heavily manufactured Russia-gate narrative relentlessly pushed by mainstream outlets and Deep State actors    it seemed there was no shortage of topsy-turvy stagecraft designed to mislead and confuse the masses at a time when the real world is undergoing some significant geopolitical realignments.As was the case in 2016, there were many high-profile incidents and individual stories which didn t make our annual compendium (but they are worth mentioning)   like the  red herring  laced New Year s Eve mass shooting at Turkey s Reina nightclub that kicked off 2017 in classic Daily Shooter fashion, along with other dubious events like Fort Lauderdale s FBI-known shooter and subsequent CNN media circus. On the political front, it was a banner year for astroturfing starting with  The Resistance  which spent most of the first 3 months of the year demanding Trump s impeachment before he had served 100 days in office. As part of these efforts, we saw Hollywood and the Democratic Party s choreographed women s march backed by political agitator and perennial globalist George Soros, as well as MoveOn.org and other Soros-backed protests which followed Trump s highly controversial immigration ban, as contentious resignations by key members of the Trump White House loomed large. The stage was then set for Antifa s US  riot tour  which culminated the Charlottesville riots in Virginia followed by a series of  social justice  protests over Confederate statues, followed by more extremist left-wing  antifascists  foot-soldiers like  black bloc  throwing molotov cocktails and smashing buildings for kicks. And that only scratches the surface of what transpired in 2017.Other notable stories throughout the year included the Trump administration s decision to announce the creation of an  Arab NATO headquartered in Saudi Arabia, the world s second-largest state sponsored of terror (US being the largest).  That geopolitical gambit then teed up the Trump White House to announce that the US Embassy in Tel Aviv would begin proceedings to move to Jerusalem, a shift which some critics believe is further evidence of an ultra-Zionist agenda encroaching on Israeli-occupied Palestine and the West Bank. On the Asia front, questions emerged over what North Korea actually has in terms of ICBM missiles and a nuclear deterrent, while in the Middle East speculation raged about Saudi Arabia s historic palace purge and sabre rattling in the region. The year then saw the exposure of a giant US-NATO-Saudi weapons trafficking operation using diplomatic flight in order to arm terrorists in Syria and Iraq. 2017 also saw the mainstream media continue to market the media construct known as Bana of Aleppo, expecting the public to believe that an 8 year old girl who could not speak English was running a Twitter account from war-torn (and terrorist-occupied) East Aleppo from the autumn of 2016   all the while waxing poetic about the evil Assad, and the evil Russians and calling for US military intervention in Syria  pure propaganda and a clear case of child exploitation. Interestingly, this outlandish Bana propaganda myth campaign has been shamelessly promoted by the multimillionaire Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling. 2017 also saw a wave of intelligence releases, set in motion by the CIA, who released more than 12 million documents pertaining to covert war programs, psychic research and the Cold War era, further outlining the symbiotic relationship between the agency and American media. This was followed by Wikileaks exposing much of the CIA s cyber hacking capabilities in their  Vault 7  and later in their  Vault 8  publications. Towards the end of the year, a new twist in the downing of MH17 revealed an apparent Netherlands cover-up, as another bizarre Daily Shooter event, the Texas Church shooting, would later disappear from headlines. Around the same time frame, new questions also emerged in the Sandy Hook saga concerning prior knowledge of the FBI, as New York was then stricken by a known wolf truck attacker. In December it was finally announced that after being held in prison for two years without trial, the Fed s Bundy Ranch Standoff case was declared a mistrial. However, most of the year s controversial stories were quickly pushed to the back page, buried underneath an avalanche of ready-to-go Weinstein-inspired sex abuse scandals involving Hollywood s elite punctuated by obligatory hashtag campaigns like #MeToo, before snagging a number of high-profile news media personalities and some of Washington s most coveted swamp dwellers. As an onslaught of new accusations flooded the media, the sordid revelation of a Congressional slush fund used to payoff sexual harassment accusers made headlines. The whole situation conjured DC s Conspiracy of Silence regarding tales of sexual misconduct in days past.All in all, it was another year of  hyper-real  media propaganda, as some stories published by mainstream media led to a cascade of retractions and corrections, and in certain cases, provided an all to convenient mask for other politically charged news throughout much of 2017. Unlike the mainstream media  official  conspiracies (like Russiagate), these ones are actually real  10.  The JFK Files  Over the course of 2017, one of America s most compelling conspiracies was reignited following the release of thousands of intelligence files long-held by the CIA and FBI. In late October, the Trump administration called for the release of the remaining JFK files, citing the JFK Assassination Records Collection Act deadline placed into law in 1992. While the material released was reportedly a mix of new and old, some critics declared that the recently declassified files revealed even more startling evidence related to the assassination of the 35th President of the United States, John F. Kennedy. This prompted larger legacy media establishments to provide a murky retelling of the JFK saga.  Predictably, a week after the releases, one newer CIA memo stated that any links between the CIA and Lee Harvey Oswald, were  unfounded.  In essence, the JFK file releases appear to have been a way for the political powers that be to shut the door on a conspiracy that has an overwhelming amount of information suggesting CIA links not only to Oswald, but many of the characters surrounding the case. In reality though, as newfound interest in the JFK files was reawakened, it cast light on the over five decade old case, reopening the door to coup d tat claims concerning JFK and Cold War era  false flag  terror. In particular, terror created by Operation GLADIO, a CIA-NATO construct, which utilized covert armies to subvert the political interests of various nations through the implementation of a Cold-War era strategy of tension. The further one digs into America s seedy underworld of organized crime, intelligence operations, unlikely coincidences and secretive relationships concerning the mysterious plot to kill Kennedy, a highly intricate web of activity emerges that points to a compelling case beyond almost any other modern-day conspiracy.9. Grenfell Tower Fire & Cover-Up   It was Britain s biggest domestic disaster post WWII, and from the minute this story broke, reports of government and corporate corruption began to surface. This real-life Towering Inferno featured some of the most surreal revelations, including a corrupt government Qango known as TMO (Tenant Management Organisation) who had paid a contractor to install highly flammable petroleum-based  cladding  on the building, supposedly to meet  green sustainability goals  but also to cover-up what wealthy property developers deemed as an eye sore (social housing high rise building), part of London s continuous and rampant  gentrification  property bubble agenda. The controversy did not stop with the fire itself though, as residents and concerned members of the public began to question the abnormally low death count which was being trumpeted by the media and the government agencies. Meanwhile, thousands of residents from Grenfell Tower and the surrounding buildings continued to suffer and mourn the loss of loved ones and friends   leaving in indellible scar on the community   while the government s elite Common Purpose management class continued on with business as usual. Six months on,  the public is still wondering whether anyone will be arrested, or held to account for this unprecedented story of criminal negligence. In one of its most seminal episodes, the SUNDAY WIRE radio show, along with its affiliate the UK Column, drove the investigative agenda early on in this story, with the mainstream media later picking talking points covered by this independent media outlet.8. The Crisis in Yemen   Back in January 2015   while the world was focused on the war in Syria, 21WIRE first raised the alarm over Yemen after it noticed the insatiable war-time president Barack Obama, along with Deep State and Pentagon media outlet CNN began drifting out talking points about Yemen. It wasn t long after that, in March 2015, that Saudi Arabia   with the full military and political backing of the US and UK, began an undeclared war of aggression against Saudi s neighbor Yemen. Nearly three years on, with tens of thousands slaughtered by Saudi airstrikes dropping their newly purchased US and UK munitions (and even enjoying air refueling by the US military) and with the Saudi and US military blockade which is keeping much-needed humanitarian aid from entering the war-ravaged country leading to mass starvation and disease outbreaks like cholera on the peninsula   why isn t the international community calling out the illegal war against Yemen for what it is   genocide? In order to prop-up their fake narrative on Yemen, the US and UK mainstream media conglomerates and their state propaganda directors from intelligence agency information warfare units have concocted a new batch of official disinformation lies and myths used to muddy the waters of this important discussion and ultimately justify their slaughter and arms sales bonanza in Yemen. On balance, what the US, UK and Saudi Arabia have done to Yemen is by orders of magnitude worse than what Nazi Germany did to its neighbors in the initial phase of WWII. Nothing less than a new Nuremberg Trial will be suitable to help correct this act of international barbarism.7. London s GLADIO-style Attacks  On March 22nd, an apparent two-pronged terror attack stretched from London s Westminster Bridge to Parliament Square. In the days leading up to the London attacks, it was revealed that Met Police rehearsed a  terrifyingly realistic drill on the River Thames prior to yet another known wolf act of terror taking place. Adding to the drama, the London attacks occurred exactly one year after the Brussels airport bombings. In addition, the bizarre and unexpected event took place during a massive uptick of Western allied involvement in the Syrian conflict and in less than 24 hours, London authorities revealed that the British-born attacker named Khalid Masood, (after media outlets erroneously reported the wrong suspect) was already well-known to MI5 and had worked in Saudi Arabia sometime between 2005-2008. Shortly after the attack, it was revealed that eye-witnesses reported seeing multiple assailants at the crime scene, this was something that directly contradicted the official story. In fact, in those reports, it was suggested that at least two individuals participated in the large-scale attack in one of the most heavily surveilled parts of London. This aspect of the case was quickly buried by major media outlets, echoing other high-profile cases involving  known wolf  terrorists. In recent years, there s been a pattern of multiple suspects often witnessed or said to be involved in other terror-related events. This proved to be the case in the aftermath of the Nice, France truck attack, as well as the Brussels airport bombing in 2016. Rather incredibly or unbelievably, London s acting Police Commissioner Craig Mackey, just so happened to be at the scene to  witness  the Parliament Square attack on Pc Keith Palmer. All in all, the latest symbolically charged  ISIS-approved  attack on the verge of spring, appeared to be an effort to polarize the perception of Western viewers with yet another round of wartime propaganda, while also providing a media smoke screen for recent US military action in Syria. By early summer, just after the Manchester arena bombing, London once again became a target of a purported multi-pronged terror event right on the heels of the UK s hotly contested 2017 general election. Afterwards, a number of questions were raised following the London Bridge attacks, just as there were following the Parliament Square, Westminster Bridge attacks and the Manchester Arena attack. It s important to note the common thread between each suspicious event, and the recent UK attacks are no exception   there s now indisputable evidence linking MI5 and MI6 British security services to various  known wolves  prior to carrying out the terror crimes mentioned above. The precarious relationship between security and terror is an ongoing pattern seen after almost every major terror attack on Western soil. Throughout 2017, the London attacks seemed to increase racial and ethnic tensions in the West, while also pushing the public into accepting a more direct military intervention in Syria, and new police state measures and surveillance powers in the UK   prompting us to ask, who benefited the most from the London Attacks? We d say the answer to that question is pretty obvious now 6. Manchester s  Known Wolf  Arena Attack  Another day, another conspiratorial crime. In this case, the public was witness to yet another known wolf  terror attack allegedly carried out by an  ISIS-inspired  individual who, as with numerous other cases, was under the gaze of MI5. The man named in the Manchester bombing attack, Salman Abedi, was also tied to a terror group supported by NATO in Libya during the operation to oust Muammar el-Qaddafi in 2011. The Manchester arena attack proved to be more than just blowback from security operations gone awry, it provided further evidence of complicity on behalf of the West in the  War On Terror  era. While some researchers and analysts were a buzz with the numerological synchronicities associated with the Manchester attack, others noted some very real political circumstances and significant timelines surrounding this apparent mass-tragedy in Manchester. The event just happened to arrive on the heels of a monolithic arms deals with Saudi Arabia worth $110 billion dollars that will total $350 billion over the next 10 years, and only shortly after the Manchester attack, there were US-led coalition airstrikes supposedly targeting ISIS in both Syria and Iraq   that killed 121 civilians in the process. The strikes led to increased tension, placing external pressure on the Russian-led Astana Peace Agreement in Syria, while continuing to benefit the strategic movements of ISIS in Syria. The really damning link however, was exposed by one major UK Government eyesore after the Manchester attacks: the revelation that a community of  outlawed  Libyan Islamic Fighting Group (LIFG) terrorists were in fact living in close proximity to the Manchester attacker Abedi, and directly connected to Abedi himself. This was a deeply troubling development for a public unaware of the nearby danger, as British security services and officials allowed this  thriving  group of fighters to reside in the UK seemingly without consequence or disclosure of their previous activities   until the Manchester attack. So naturally, when it was revealed that Ramadan Abedi (the father of the purported Manchester suicide bomber) was also a member of the UK government-backed Libyan Islamic Fighting Group (LIFG) and was believed to have been a part of LIFG during the NATO-backed regime change operation in Libya in 2011   it only raised more questions concerning the attack. It s worth noting, Libya s militant governor of Tripoli, Abdel Hakim Belhadj, was also a part of the Mujahideen fighters closely linked to Bin Laden who became known as al-Qaeda. In fact, Belhadj returned to his home country [in 1995] as head of the Libyan Islamic Fighting Group, an underground paramilitary organisation dedicated to Gaddafi s downfall. Over the years, Belhadj was incarcerated and turned loose back into the field after being rendered by the CIA and British security services. As of 2015, despite the Manchester attack links to LIFG, the group is still on the US State Department s Delisted Foreign Terrorist Organizations. In the days after the attack, authorities released CCTV imagery apparently depicting the Manchester attacker Abedi, in what appeared to be a way to dramatize the bombing through emotionally charged imagery, as the media obscured other facts and connections observed in the aftermath of the attack itself. The Manchester attack was similar to other high-profile incidents used to distort public opinion in the wake of media styled mass-tragedies.5.  The Las Vegas Mass Shooting   October 1st marked the return of the Great American Mass Shooting   a real record-breaker, complete with a shocking mile-long crime scene that stretched from the Las Vegas Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino to the nearby Route 91 Festival, where thousands of concertgoers suddenly became a target. Although America had seen a host of smaller, less sensationalized mass shootings throughout the course of 2017, including the bizarre Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting and the strange Programmed to Kill Texas Church shooting, the high-profile Las Vegas calamity resuscitated the trauma inducing imagery so prevalent in the post-9/11 War On Terror era. This made-for-TV event was designed for media shock and awe, like  the 9/11 of Mass Shootings.  Over the past several years, 21WIRE has chronicled many bizarre shootings and mass casualty incidents that have rippled across America and Europe. These events have become a new kind of ritualized  crimescape  moving well beyond  security  concerns, but now accompanied by a complete range of  socio-political mainstream media talking points including race, religion,  gun reform ,  social media concerns  and domestic extremism   while concurrently obscuring and obfuscating the forensic reality of the crimes themselves. We re told that this tragic shooting attack was carried out by a classic  lone gunman    one individual without a criminal past (or nay past, as far as we could tell)  but there proved to be much more to the story. Adding to this  hyper-real  incident, the main suspect in the Las Vegas tragedy was also revealed to be a multi-millionaire  players club  member, 64 year-old Stephen Paddock. With no motive and no criminal history, Las Vegas police were tasked with uncovering details of a crime overseen by billionaire bosses at MGM Resorts International and the FBI. As authorities failed to uncover a clear motive for the crime, police scanner audio, along with eye-witness testimony suggested that multiple shooters may have been at the scene, although this aspect was downplayed by mainstream media. This was quickly followed by several official  revisions  in the timeline of the shooting and even the crime scene itself, as evidenced by this disastrous press conference which failed to yield any new information in the case. The star-witness of the shooting, Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos, also vanished and was declared  missing  right before a major media interview, only to resurface much later on the oddest of media venues,  The Ellen DeGeneres Show,  giving media gatekeepers the chance to run interference for DeGeneres s slot machine business partners at MGM. Along the way, bizarre media performances by Paddock s brother, Eric Paddock, only prompted more questions and deepened the mystery surrounding this surreal case. While the public waited for MGM to release CCTV footage of the alleged shooter Paddock, not one tape materialized, except for an older tape from 2011. Staged photos of the Mandalay Bay crime scene led to other forensic questions concerning the weaponry used, compounding other acoustic anomalies already noted. Other confusing elements of the case included the missing hard drive from Paddock s laptop, another brother s arrest, the wiring of $100,000 to his live-in girlfriend s (Marilou Danley) home country, the Philippines, Paddock s previous employment at the predecessor company of Lockheed Martin, a reported break-in at one of his homes after the shooting, the absurd insertion of an  ISIS-inspired  motive (which a number of dubious click-bait media outlets ran with), and later seeing a back drop of active shooter related drills and government activity, along with details suggesting Paddock may not have been alone and much more. In the search for answers in America s largest-ever mass shooting, months later, we still have yet to see any CCTV footage of the alleged killer or his whereabouts leading up to the tragedy, as he moved in and around Las Vegas. Imagine that: no CCTV footage. While some have attempted to make sense of the Las Vegas shooting tragedy, there are reports of a major push to revamp security in the hospitality industry through the use of gunfire detection systems, X-ray, body scanners and facial recognition in the wake of this confusing, if not partly manufactured event. The popular media concept of a lone wolf killer in today s world has reprogrammed the public mind in the very same way that the serial killer phenomenon did decades ago. This new fear-based saga has ushered in a string of improbable Hollywood-style scenarios, inducing a frozen apathy across the masses. Rather than looking deeply at crime scene forensics or pouring over piles of collected data, these Daily Shooter crimes hold the public psyche hostage  until the next unexplained mass tragedy. Until the next episode 4. Syria s Sarin Gas False Flag  In less than 24 hours after the highly dubious alleged chemical attack on April 4th (reported to be Sarin gas by Western media) in Khan Shaykhun in the Idlib province of Syria, wide-scale unsubstantiated condemnation laid blame at the doorstep of the Syrian government and Russia following the release of video footage that had yet to be forensically scrutinized. In fact, the mainstream media flooded the airwaves with a bevy of circumstantial and speculative evidence   a far cry from actual hard evidence. Leaders in Washington and Western media outlets once again set the stage for wider military intervention in Syria. Days after the release of a forensically unproven chemical attack out of Khan Shaykhun, US President Donald Trump ordered a military strike on the Syrian government s Shayrat Air Base in response to the alleged chemical attack in Idlib. Trump s missile strike won him instant praise from the Pentagon media oracle CNN, as well as giddy celebrations by war-mongering neocons in the US. Perhaps the most telling aspect of  Syria s most recent mass casualty terror tragedy, was the suspicious involvement of the US-UK-NATO-Gulf state backed NGO known as the White Helmets  a group who once again was witnessed in wartime imagery that was not only full of anomalies but a production designed to evoke an emotional response rather than one based in rationality. Since their inception in late 2013, the White Helmets have largely conducted their so-called rescue operations in rebel-terrorist held areas in Syria, while producing an unprecedented amount of western-oriented war propaganda for nations deeply invested in arming and backing rebel-terrorists vying for regime change in Syria. Nearly two weeks after the alleged sarin gas attack, Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) Professor Theodore Postol directly disputed claims concerning the official US report regarding the alleged chemical weapons attack out of Khan Shaykhun in the  rebel-held  terrorist-occupied Idlib province of Syria. Postol s initial analysis, along with its addendum, appeared to echo what MIT research affiliate and former US Congressional staffer Subrata Ghoshroy observed in the aftermath of the Syrian chemical incident in East Ghouta, Damascus in 2013. In addition, other award-winning American journalists like Seymour Hersh and Gareth Porter also exposed the  sarin attack  narrative as a fabrication promulgated by a corrupt OPCW   but their reports were muted by mainstream gatekeepers. Both apparent attacks in Damascus and Idlib, were claimed through the presentation of dubious video imagery and suspicious photographs as a main source of evidence. Despite the absence of any real forensic investigation, the western media proclaimed  certainty  over images and videos largely supplied by the dubious  NGO  known as the  White Helmets.  It would later be revealed that on April 4th, the Syrian Air Force had also struck a warehouse in Idlib where chemical weapons were said to have been produced and stockpiled by US-backed militants. What was most disturbing, was that many in US-UK leadership seemed desperate for the public to buy into any WMD claims without concrete proof and in the process, they deliberately pushed heavily propagandized imagery presented on social media as proof of the as yet forensically unproven sarin gas attack. In essence, the whole event became a wag the dog moment ensnaring not only the White House, but many leaders in the UK as well.3. White Helmets Fraud   The White Helmets. Who are they, who created them, who funds them, and which master do they serve in Syria? In the US and in Europe, these fundamental questions routinely go unanswered by the western mainstream media organizations and government officials. Since first appearing on the western media scene in late 2013, the UK and US government-funded pseudo  NGO  known as the White Helmets has achieved cult-like status as their pictures adorn the front pages of newspapers and CNN breaking news segments about Syria. For the last 4 years, their principle function has been to produce a steady stream of  anti-Assad regime  and anti-Russian propaganda tailored for western audiences. Since 2015, 21WIRE led the way in asking these important questions, and in 2017 the overwhelming pressure of mounting evidence of the White Helmet fraud eventually led to various shoddy academics in the US and in the UK mainstream media outlets attacking 21WIRE and its writers for challenging the official White Helmets narrative   and for exposign how the UK government has been channeling hundreds of millions of pounds into terrorist-occupied areas of Syria under the thin guise building  civil society  (US and UK trojan horse) organizations in Syria. Establishment attacks included one mainstream media outlet promoting the White Helmets, The Guardian newspaper in the UK. According to The Guardian anyone who dared to question their official government-sanctioned narrative were  conspiracy theorists  and somehow part of a secret  Russian-backed propaganda campaign.  Despite mountains of evidence including various fake rescue videos, colluding in acts of murder and extreme violence and evidence which clearly depicts the dodgy  search and rescue  groups  members as dual members in armed al Qaeda terrorist affiliates operating in  rebel-held  opposition areas of Syria   western mainstream media are still determined to play dumb on this issue, which only goes to prove just how ignorant mainstream gatekeepers are as to the realities on the ground in Syria, or worse   how controlled are mainstream editors  desks by the western intelligence apparatus. Either way, Toto has already drawn the Wizard s curtain all the way back   and it s only a question of time before western media apologists and clueless politicians retreat into full  no comment  mode on this issue.2. The Russia-Gate PsyOp   It s been 18 months since the Democratic Party and the US mainstream media launched its  Russia-gate  narrative, claiming that Moscow had hacked the DNC, John Podesta and somehow influenced the result of the US 2016 Presidential Election. 18 months later, there s still no evidence to substantiate this mainstream conspiracy theory   making Russiagate easily the biggest fake news story of the year. What s most telling about this  official  conspiracy theory (as it turns out, it s the mainstream that peddles the grandest conspiracy theories) is that its proponents have to resort to publishing repeated lies and wild exaggerations in order to maintain the pillars supporting their narrative. So desperate were the New York Times to tie Trump to Russia that it even claimed that  the Russians  where creating Facebook pages about puppies in order to  confuse and mislead  vulnerable American voters. New York Times also had to retract their central lie which claimed that 17 US Intelligence agencies had all agreed that the Russians meddled in the 2016 presidential election   but still we hear legions of mindless  journalists  and shaky politicians like Adam Schiff (who, not surprisingly is also promoting the White Helmets) repeating that same old canard. As part of Washington s new McCarthyite red scare reboot, the US government labeled Russian international media network RT, and RT America as  foreign agents    forcing the channel and its journalists to register with the US government under old outdated pre-WWII espionage legislation. Other fake claims by US media include  Kremlin bots  deployed on Facebook to mess with the fragile minds of potential voters on social media, and CNN s all-time classic: an  Exclusive!  no less   claiming that the Russians somehow infiltrated the computer game Pokemon Go in order to  sow confusion among Americans.  Honestly, we couldn t make it up if we tried. What s beyond ironic is that the same media who has been constantly crying  fake news!  as their prime talking point to explain how Trump beat Clinton   has been dutifully recycling their own fake news narrative for over a year now. This one will surely go down in history as the biggest political hoax of all-time   and all of the mainstream media outlets who helped promulgate this myth should also go down with it. Sadly, too many mentally-challenged lawmakers in the US, UK and Europe are actually basing their foreign policies of this mainstream fake news myth   which is all too convenient for an ever-inflating the US defense budget, NATO s breakneck expansion eastward, and also for Brussels  new roll-out of its EU Army  1.  Fake News 2.0    2017 was the year of fake news. Last year, we crowned Fake News 1.0 as our top conspiracy, but this past year has seen it ascend to an entirely new level. From the beginning, this faux crisis had a clear set of political objectives. The first was to provide a scapegoat for Hillary Clinton s catastrophic imploding presidential run, and secondly, to try and prop-up the establishment s official conspiracy theory that somehow the Russians were spreading  fake news  across social media and alternative media websites   in order to help Donald Trump win the election. On this front, many of us are indebted to Trump for branding CNN with the meme that keeps sticking, as the President hit CNN s bumbling White House correspondent Jim Acosta, with Trump pointing to Acosta and saying,  You are fake news!  live on national TV. If was a glorious moment for sure. Newspapers like the Washington Post performed a key role for the US Deep State by pushing-out fictional news features like the one claiming 200 of the leading alternative media websites were part of some Kremlin-orchestrated network of websites carrying out  active measures  (a defunct Cold War term) propaganda against the American people. The Post even presented a bogus anonymous construct, a website called  PropOrNot  in order to try and make their conspiracy theory look official. Around the same time, a radical progressive academic from Merrimack College in Massachusetts published a  fake news list    a database and virtual  blacklist  designed to defame and slander any independent media outlets who happened to veer from the party line and challenge the policies of Hillary Clinton and Obama. Dr. Zimdars heavily politicized  list  was promoted by  the LA Times which, like the fraudulent story published in The Post, claimed that hundreds of alternative media websites were producing  fake news  and  conspiracy  stories and therefore were unreliable as information sources. It wasn t long before the establishment began referencing these politicized lists, holding them up as  proof  of some crisis in what the liberal intelligensia proudly dubbed a  post-truth  world. Despite the establishment s insistence on pushing this faux crisis, an increasing number of smart news consumers came to realize that for at least the last century and half, the establishment s tightly-controlled information syndicate has been able to manufacture its own consensus reality through the use of their own  official  fake news. By channeling public opinion in this way, the mainstream press has helped facilitate a number of engineered outcomes   including war. Perhaps the most dangerous aspect of the fake news  circus, is that Silicon Valley monopolies like Google and Facebook have taken it upon themselves to manipulate their online platforms in such a way that they are choosing which websites and news sources will be  de-ranked  and effectively hidden from the view of most users, and, in the case of Facebook   censoring real information presented by independent, non mainstream journalists, but allowing political operatives to abuse their problematic  communitarian  information policing system to strike off  offensive  content. As a result a number of leading alternative commentators have been banned from Facebook for completely illegitimate reasons. Finally, we can reveal the  2.0  aspect of the establishment s  fake news  faux crisis   a false pretext to unleash a wide-ranging program of internet censorship   and it s already begun. Reasonable people should be under no illusions: Google Inc, Facebook and global monopolies like them it are the closest thing to a classic fascist-corporatist behemoth you will find in the world today. Both Google and Facebook are both actively colluding with big government and other mainstream media partners, and are guilty of  stealth censoring  through either their A.I. filtering algorithms, or through flagged websites on a database used to de-rank leading independent and anti-war sites like 21st Century Wire, Anti-War.com, Consortium News, Global Research and countless others. Furthermore, Facebook is now on record as admitting to colluding with both the US and Israeli governments to delete  undesirable  accounts. This is a corporation which is now actively and opening violating US laws, which is engaging in criminal activity by any other definition. These are not the only threats posed by these corporate fascists. The very same corporate digital barons have also been busy colluding with politicians in order to repeal Net Neutrality   as part of the elites  final end-run to marginalize and ultimately crush all independent and dissenting voices online who threaten the primacy of mainstream groupthink, and who could get broader traction among the population if the playing field was truly a level one. Not only is this illegal under antitrust laws, but it represents a brutal form of fascism. It s now clearer than ever that Silicon Valley executives and government bureaucrats cannot be trusted to manage the most important public utility of the new century   the information super highway.So if the mainstream press can no longer be trusted, then who can you trust for objectivity and accuracy? Again, we have to ask the question: who s watching the watchers? Answer: We are.HAPPY NEW YEAR.SEE PREVIOUS TOP TEN CONSPIRACIES: 2016 Top Ten Conspiracies2015 Top Ten Conspiracies2014 Top Ten ConspiraciesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22704,‘Classified’ Emails from Hillary Clinton and Huma Abedin found on Anthony Weiner’s Laptop,"Looking back on the 2016 Presidential election, there was a non-stop chorus on denials by Hillary Clinton, her campaign surrogates, and the mainstream media   that had not allowed any classified emails to float around her home-brew server, or onto the family of her close aids.As it turns out, Hillary Clinton was lying. A new batch of emails released by the US State Department clearly show that Anthony Weiner, convicted sex criminal and husband of Clinton s chief aid Huma Abedin, had kept classified emails pertaining to official US State Department business during Hillary Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State   kept on the same laptop which Weiner used to target an underage girl and where he also kept child pornography.Among the released emails were exchanges which clearly show Hillary Clinton conspiracy with authoritarian Saudi Arabia to  stop Wikileaks. The reopening of this old Clinton gaping wound is another devastating blow for the mainstream media and the Democratic Party s  resistance  movement, whose mission is to remove Donald Trump for office.RT International reports At least five of the 2,800 emails stored on a laptop belonging to former Democratic congressman Anthony Weiner were marked  confidential  and involved delicate talks with Middle Eastern leaders and Hillary Clinton s top aide.On Friday, the State Department released a batch of around 2,800 work-related documents from the email account of Huma Abedin, who served as the deputy chief of staff to former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.At least five of the emails found on Abedin s ex-husband s laptop were heavily redacted and marked classified and at  confidential  level, the third more sensitive class the US government uses below  secret  and  top secret. The State Department applies the confidential classification level to information that  the unauthorized disclosure of which reasonably could be expected to cause damage to the national security,  according to the Government Publishing Office.While the documents were not marked as classified before they were released, some of the information recovered in the emails was considered classified. It is illegal for civilians to posses or read classified documents without a security clearance.The confidential emails, which date from 2010 to 2012, concern discussions with Middle Eastern leaders.Dishonest: despite being caught multiple times, Hillary Clinton is still in denial about mishandling classified material.One of the emails has the subject  Egyptian MFA on Hamas-PLO talks,  referring to the Palestine Liberation Organization. The email is mostly redacted, only mentioning that it is a  further update on Hamas-PA talks,  referring to the Palestinian Authority.Another four-page email contains a completely redacted  call sheet  to prepare Clinton for an upcoming call with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.A call sheet in another 2010 email includes notes to guide Clinton through a call she would make to Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud al-Faisal. The purpose of the call was to inform Saud about an impending WikiLeaks disclosure. This appears to be the result of an illegal act in which a fully cleared intelligence officer stole information and gave it to a website. The person responsible will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law,  the call sheet instructed Clinton to say.Clinton was warning the Saudis the leak could contain information related to  private conversations with your government on Iraq, Iran, and Afghanistan,  and asked the Saudi s to help the US prevent WikiLeaks from  undermining our mutual interests. During a congressional hearing in 2016, former FBI Director James Comey said Abedin regularly forwarded emails to Weiner for him to  print out for her so she could deliver them to the secretary of state. The emails were released in response to a 2015 lawsuit filed by conservative watchdog group Judicial Watch against the State Department after it failed to respond to a Freedom of Information request (FOIA) seeking:  All emails of official State Department business received or sent by former Deputy Chief of Staff Huma Abedin from January 1, 2009 through February 1, 2013 using a non- state.gov  email address. In a statement issued Friday, Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton called the release a  major victory,  adding that it was no surprise there were classified documents on Weiner s computer. It will be in keeping with our past experience that Abedin s emails on Weiner s laptop will include classified and other sensitive materials,  Fitton said in a statement.  That these government docs were on Anthony Weiner s laptop dramatically illustrates the need for the Justice Department to finally do a serious investigation of Hillary Clinton s and Huma Abedin s obvious violations of law. The emails were discovered on Weiner s laptop during an FBI investigation into allegations that he engaged in  sexting  with a 15-year-old girl. In September, Weiner was sentenced to 21 months in prison after he pleaded guilty to sending obscene material to a minor.The discovery of the emails led Comey to announce that the FBI was reopening an investigation into Clinton s use of a private email server 11 days before the 2016 presidential election. Clinton said the announcement contributed to her loss to Donald Trump See more at RTLast year, in effort to shore-up Clinton s crumbling reputation for being truthful to the public, her campaign published a bizarre 4,000-word  fact sheet  on the Clinton campaign website.As it turned out, Clinton s  fact sheet  was riddled with numerous false statements and other half-truths, including a lie that the FBI was conducting a security review   when it was in fact conducting an investigation, and that she never sent or received classified information on her email account.This latest Weiner revelation is just another devastating blow to an already damaged political brand.Could Clinton mount a 2020 run?It s highly unlikely.READ MORE HILLARY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Clinton FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22705,How Trump is Accelerating the Decline of US Global Influence,"It should also be said that the current US Administration is merely finishing the job which started under three consecutive two-term presidents; Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, and Barack Obama   something to bear in mind as Trump ends his first year in office.This new year, let us not forget who re-ignited the Middle East crisis, with the consecutive sackings of Libya and Syria The ""Moderate Rebel"" terrorists in Syria certainly miss you Barack, you were so generous to all of them.  Patrick Henningsen (@21WIRE) December 29, 2017While  Make America Great Again  might be the political campaign de jour at home, these next four years are likely to coincide with an overall decline in US influence in the world.Mehr News reports During the past decades after World WarII and disintegration of the former Soviet Union and the end of the Cold War, the world has been dominated by the US in terms of politics, military and economy. But the rising of new world powers at the end of the 20th century and beginning of 21st century has challenged the US global domination. Washington s challenges with the new multipolar world order in recent years has resulted in the decline of US influence in the world, which is expected to be accelerated  withTrump s term in White House.Recognizing Al-Quds (Jerusalem) as Israeli regime s capital by Trump created lots of negative reaction and resulted in a resolution by the UN General Assembly despite the US threats   is a clear example of declining US global influence.Decline of US domination over world trade and financial regimesAfter the end of World WarII until 1960, the US held 40 percent of the world economy but after the rise of new economic powers like China, Japan and EU, in 2013 the US just held 25 percent of the world economy. Considering the recent decisions made by Trump to withdraw from TPP and NAFTA and tensions with EU, more decline is expected in near future.The Dollar dominated global financial, trade and banking regimes until the beginning of 21th century. The first blow to the dollar global stand was inflicted in 1999 when euro appeared as official currency of the EU. In recent years rise of Chinese renminbi has inflicted more blows to the dollar global stand, so that in 2015 only 50 to 60 percent of  world trades and transactions were done in dollar, according to EU central bank.During the past years, US sanctions against some countries like Russia, Iran and White House pressure on other countries to avoid transaction with these sanctioned countries, has resulted in some agreements between states to do their business in their own national currencies instead of dollar like the agreements between Iran, Russia, Turkey and China. Continuation of such agreements and trend will definitely lead to further decline of dollar global stand in future.Decline of the US strategic importance in terms of politics and militaryTrump s serious pressure on NATO   the most important strategic achievement of the US till now   with member states to pay more for the costs of the alliance, has inflicted serious damages to the solidarity of the member states and has created many doubts   so that some US old European allies are seriously after formation of a European Army.US inability to solve South Korea s missile and nuclear program issues despite Trump s rhetoric and bluffs, US inability to materialize its regional policy and plans in the Middle East to change the map of the region to the benefit of its own strategic interest and Israel s due to close cooperation of Iran, Russia, Turkey, Iraq and Syria   all these US failures and its wrong policies which have even forced some of its old regional allies like Turkey to recalibrate its relation and cooperation with White House in the region   shows the US limitations and incapability resulting in increasing decline of Washington s influence.Also the US inability to settle the issues in east of Ukraine and Crimea as its European allies expected has been a serious blow to its strategic stand among the Washington s European allies, and even worse nowadays as some of the Europeans consider US measures in east Europe as a blackmailing to gain the energy market of the EuropeDuring the last one year in office, Trump s moves to withdraw from Paris Climate Change accord, TPP, his wrong approach toward the nuclear deal with Iran (JCPOA), his insatiable immigration policy which has resulted in significant reduction in the number of foreign students in US for the first time, and finally his partial recognition of Al-Quds as Israeli regime s capital   all have inflicted serious blows to global credibility and influence of the country which cannot be at least mended in short-term.READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22706,US Advising Soldiers to Be ‘Less Masculine’ as Military Tries to Curb Flood of Sexual Harassment Cases,"170619-N-AA175-092..SAN DIEGO (June 19, 2017) Command Master Chief (Ret.) Kathleen Henson, from Midland, Mich.,, center, and USS Makin Island (LHD 8) Sailors cut a cake during the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Month observance. Makin Island is homeported in San Diego. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 2nd Class Eric Zeak   Published at Wikicommons)21st Century Wire says While military forces are fighting one enemy in the theatre of combat, another multi-front culture war is also being fought within their institutions. According to a recent report in Military.com, US military lawyers have begun speaking about how sexual assault cases are flooding the military courts   threatening to break the back of the military s legal system, and perhaps radically alter the institutional culture.After the release of the documentary,  The Invisible War,  the issue of sexual assault in the military has again been thrust into the national spotlight, claiming that 1 in 5 U.S. female veterans have sustained some form of sexual assault.The issue of sexual assault in the US military first rose to national prominence in 1992 with the emergence of the infamous  Tailhook Scandal. One likely reason for this new spike in reported cases could be because each military service branch has recently implemented new  awareness programs  as well as  sexual assault prevention  campaigns   which actively encourage female troops to report anything they might feel constitutes sexual harassment or a constitutes a sexual assault.This also comes at a time where the US military has undergone the gradual process of becoming more  gay friendly  in order to advance  issues of equality  and to cater for its growing ranks of LGBT service men and women.Military.com explains how the new liberal progressive agenda may be adversely affecting operations: Military lawyers said the Pentagon leadership has the right intentions, but these prevention campaigns have flooded military court rooms with so many sexual assault cases, it s made it harder to prosecute guilty sexual predators.Prosecutors lack witnesses or strong evidence in the majority of cases, making it hard to yield a conviction, said Michael Waddington, a military defense lawyer and former judge advocate in the Army. He sees too many cases that involve alcohol and depend on hearsay.The military has the resources to take many sexual assault cases to court, said Philip Cave, a military defense lawyer and retired Navy lawyer. Waddington estimated that ninety percent of the sexual assault cases taken to court-martial would be thrown out in a civilian court because of a lack of evidence.As a result, the military are now trying various other different initiatives to try and cope with a problem which to have spun out of control.RT International reports Promoting empathy and cracking down on hypermasculinity may help the Department of Defense to reduce unwanted sexual behavior and improve combat readiness, a new government report on sexual violence in the military says.Unwanted sexual behaviors   such as sexual harassment, sexual assault, and domestic violence    undermine core values, unit cohesion, combat readiness, and public goodwill, says the report, published this month by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) and signed by Brenda Farrell, director of defense capabilities and management.The report pointed out that  interconnected, inappropriate behaviors  are part of a  continuum of harm  that creates a climate conducive to sexual harassment, assault and violence. The National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) for fiscal year 2017 expanded the definition of sexual harassment in the military beyond sex discrimination, to make it  an adverse behavior on the spectrum of behavior that can contribute to an increase in the incidence of sexual assault.  Both the Pentagon and the separate service branches have yet to update their policies to reflect this new definition, the GAO found.The report also urged the Pentagon to incorporate the guidelines for preventing and dealing with sexual violence developed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).The Pentagon is ignoring risk factors identified by the CDC such as  alcohol and drug use, hypermasculinity, emotionally unsupportive family environments, general tolerance of sexual violence within the community, and societal norms that support male superiority and sexual entitlement,  the report says.NEWPORT, R.I. (Oct. 29, 2010) Gunnery Sgt. Duncan Hurst encourages an officer candidate to properly perform pushups during the first week of the 12-week Officer Candidate School at Naval Station Newport. Hurst is one of 12 Marine Drill Instructors who train the candidates in military bearing, discipline, drill and physical fitness. (U. S. Navy photo by Scott A. Thornbloom/Released). Also ignored by the DoD are protective factors such as  emotional health and connectedness, and empathy and concern for how one s actions affect others. CDC s research has also established that survivors of one form of violence are more likely to be victims of other forms of violence, that survivors of violence are at higher risk for behaving violently, and that people who behave violently are more likely to commit other forms of violence,  the GAO report notes, apparently seeking to make a distinction between violence in authorized military conflict and personal violence.Noting that the DoD instructed the services in 2014 to develop mechanisms for reporting incidents of sexual harassment anonymously, the GAO said that such mechanisms are not yet part of the department-wide sexual violence policies.Additionally, each service branch uses a different database format to record formal complaints of sexual harassment   the Navy uses Excel spreadsheets, for example. While the GAO does not go as far as to recommend a single database, the report does advocate  improving and standardizing data collection  so that the Department of Defense can  further develop its understanding of the connection between unwanted sexual behaviors. Having a single standard across service branches would also be helpful, the GAO report says, noting that the US Marine Corps (USMC) updated its standards of conduct in May. The USMC made the change in response to the  Marines United  scandal, where current and former members posted nude photos of female recruits in a Facebook group, along with disparaging comments. While the Marines now consider posting nude photos of others without consent to be harassment, other service branches do not as of yet.The GAO report comes at a time of renewed interest in sexual harassment in the US. Accusations of improper behavior have forced a number of Hollywood celebrities, media executives and members of Congress to resign or be removed from public life.In 2015, the Obama administration lifted restrictions on having women in combat roles and set a deadline for allowing openly transgender troops to serve. In July this year, President Donald Trump said he would not allow transgender people to serve  in any capacity,  citing  tremendous medical costs and disruption  to the military. The matter is currently being fought over in the courts.So far, only men are required to register for potential draft ( Selective Service ) under US law. Attempts to expand the requirement to women have failed to get enough votes in Congress.See more at RTREAD THE FULL US GOV T G.A.O. REPORT HEREIn addition to new measures meant to mitigate the rise in sexual assault claims, general dictates on gender neutral language are also being rolled out apparently to protect vulnerable minority members of the armed service from being offended or  triggered.  This institutional trend is not limited to the US, as the institutional march of political correctness and its weaponization of gender identity politics is making its way through Great Britain s armed forces too   where phrases such as  mankind ,  chaps  and  sportsmanship  have now been banned.The UK Mail Online says:  The guide suggests the word  chaps  be swapped for the words  people ,  friends ,  folks  or  you all . The phrase  gentleman s agreement  has also be banned. Now, soldiers must use the term  unwritten agreement . Instead of  sportsmanship  members of the force are encouraged to say  fairness .     The two-page guide was compiled by the Joint Equality Diversity and Inclusion unit   which has earned the nickname of Jedi. Many LGBT servicewomen believe the US military is  too male-oriented  (Image: Pinterest).As pc cleric cluture takes over the military s management through the leveraging of radical progressive power-politics, people should be aware that this tactic actually designed to break down existing institutions and rearrange the internal power structure.It s no surprise then why the Russians are resisting Soros-funded political colonization in their country, which Moscow has correctly identified as subterfuge   through the clear exploitation of these culture and gender war battle lines. ImageQuestion: How will the US and UK armed forces be run in 10 years, if this socialized agenda is fully rolled out?READERS PLEASE LEAVE COMMENTS BELOWREAD MORE CULTURAL MARXIST NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Cultural Marxism FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22707,"Dopey Santas, McAfee Hacked, Silicon Valley vs. ACR – Boiler Room EP #141","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Fvnk$oul and Randy J (ACR & 21WIRE contributors) for the hundred and forty first episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs, analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social rejects club.On this episode of Boiler Room the social rejects club meets for the final shebang of 2017. We ll be discussing John McAfee s twitter account being hacked to promote a low value crypto-currency, silicon valley censorship in social media, year end wrap ups and 2018 predictions.Direct Download Episode #141 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22708,The Jerusalem Decision: From Creative Chaos to Effective Turmoil," Dr Can Erimtan 21st Century WireDid Donald J. Trump have any idea about the impact his words would have across the world?!? Did he have any idea that the whole wide world, including the United Nations, would turn against him?On Wednesday, 6 December 2017, in the White House s Diplomatic Reception Room the President of the United States proceeded to make history, or, proceeded to leave his personal mark on the flow of world events as his words set a whole chain of global events in motion: I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. While previous presidents have made this a major campaign promise, they failed to deliver. Today, I am delivering. In his preamble to this potentially explosive and arguably rather disconcerting statement, Trump explained that  [i]n 1995, [under Bill Clinton s watch, that is] Congress adopted the Jerusalem Embassy Act, urging the federal government to relocate the American embassy to Jerusalem and to recognize that that city   and so importantly   is Israel s capital. This act passed Congress by an overwhelming bipartisan majority and was reaffirmed by a unanimous vote of the Senate only six months ago.  In this way, the 45th U.S. President showed himself to have been cut from a completely different cloth indeed, as he uttered words that neither Bill Clinton, nor George W. Bush or, more importantly perhaps, Barack Obama had dared speak.Yes, Trump openly came out and made plain the deep love that dare not speak its name   in spite of the vehemently pro-Israel stance taken by the U.S. ever since the time of President Eisenhower (1953-61) and particularly, ever since the Six Day War (5-10 June 1967), in spite of the ceaseless activities of AIPAC and J Street, no previous incumbent had dared bestow a bona fide U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem as a physical token of the deep and ardent bonds between the New World and the Promised Land. Only, Donald J. Trump had the gall to  deliver,  doing what Clinton had promised yet none of his successors had been able to realise . . . until now, that is.In true Aristotelian fashion Trump took the potentiality that was Jerusalem (known as Al Quds or the Sacred City in the Muslim world) and turned it into an actuality by means of pledging full ambassadorial honours for the ancient city. Following these presidential words, outspoken Israeli voices did not take long to heap praise on the White House. Mark Regev, the erstwhile spokesman for the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in Jerusalem (2004-7) and frequent Israeli apologist appearing on various mainstream media, and currently even active as Israeli Ambassador in London (since 2015) blurted out that he  think[s] this was a just move and a good move for peace. His boss, Bibi or Benjamin Netanyahu (fourth premiership, 2015 present) was equally forthcoming, talking to the press on the same day the U.S. President made his performance in the Diplomatic Reception Room:  Thank you President Trump for today s historic decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital. The Jewish people and the Jewish state will be forever grateful.  The PM in the next instance also echoed his ambassador s words, declaring that  [t]here is no peace that doesn t include Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. The idea that Jerusalem should be at the heart of the Jewish people s  land and nation namely has its roots in the Bible, in 2 Chronicles 6:5-6, to be precise:  Since the day I brought my people out of Egypt, I have not chosen a city in any tribe of Israel to have a temple built so that my Name might be there, nor have I chosen anyone to be ruler over my people Israel. But now I have chosen Jerusalem for my Name to be there, and I have chosen David to rule my people Israel,  as worded in the New International Version. And Bibi knows that too.Bibi even took his words of praise abroad. First to Paris, where he met with President Emmanuel Macron, who had urged his U.S. counterpart to preserve the city s status quo prior to Trump s Diplomatic Reception Room performance (10 December 2017). Bibi disagreed volubly with the Frenchman, characterising as  absurd  anyone not willing to recognise the  millennial connection of the Jewish people to Jerusalem.  Next, even proceeding to refer to God s word that had elevated Jerusalem to its lofty position as site for his temple:  [y]ou can read it in a very fine book   it s called the Bible.  The following day he went to Brussels, where he attended a meeting of EU Foreign Ministers (11 December 2017). The Israeli PM told the gathered EU FM as well as the assembled press corps that Trump s Jerusalem declaration  makes peace possible because recognizing reality is the substance of peace, the foundation of peace. The Invention of the Jewish People and the Position of Jerusalem in IslamThe state of Israel, as a Jewish nation state implanted on Middle Eastern soil in 1948, employs nationalist myth and religious tradition as credible arguments justifying its mere existence. The Israeli journalist and author Daniel Gavron, for example, states that  most Israelis [regard it as] axiomatic that the celebrations for the 3,000th anniversary of the conquest of Jerusalem by King David [in 1995] mark[ed] a real and tangible event,  even though he himself doubts its authenticity. In other words, the Jewish people, as a shorthand for the Israeli citzenry, have apparently already been following the political and ideological leanings currently exhorted by Bibi for quite a while. But, as I explained at length some time ago, the mere mention of the term  nation  or even just  people  is a problematic issue in its own right   the point that I am trying to get across is that  nations  or  people  cannot be perceived as  natural  or even  organic  phenomena, but rather as contrived and constructed social units consisting of individuals who willingly become part of a larger  artificial  whole through the manipulation and management of larger forces and structures   leaders of men and their organisations. It has been nearly ten years now that the historian Schlomo Sand published his groundbreaking text The Invention of the Jewish People, which attempted to popularise the theoretical constructs of writers and thinkers like Benedict Anderson and Ernst Gellner, amongst others, but, as seems blatantly apparent from looking at Bibi s recent proclamations, his message has clearly failed to penetrate the academic bubble, in spite of having topped Israeli bestseller list  for nineteen weeks. With regard to the city of Jerusalem, on the other hand, archeological evidence appears to prove conclusivedly that the  site has been continuously occupied for some 5,000 years,  signalling the urban centre s pre-Jewish roots. But the notion that King David conquered the place to establish the one true god s temple seems rather shaky. Gavron explains that the  biblical account of the capture of the city is the only one we have, and in the opinion of most modern scholars, the Bible is not an entirely reliable historical document.  Still, archeological excavations carried out in the summer of 1993 appear to have produced evidence that a certain David indeed founded a dynastic live in the 10th century BCE   namely, a small  triangular piece of basalt rock . . . subsequently identified as part of a victory pillar erected by the king of Syria and later smashed by an Israelite ruler  carrying an Aramaic inscription talking about a  Beit David ( House  or  Dynasty of David ). But the Jewish  conquest  of Jerusalem did not mark the end of the city s story of military takeover and/or occupation: remaining in ancient times, the Assyrian King Sennacherib laid siege to the city in the year 701 BCE, whereas the Babylonian Nebuchadnezzar captured the city in the seventh year of his reign (598 BCE), but of greater importance is the sack and destruction of the city and its temple at the hands of Titus, son of the Roman Emperor Vespasian (70 CE), in response to the Jews  Great Revolt against Rome that had sprung up in 66 CE. The ultimate outcome of Rome s harsh response was the  Diaspora,  as explained by the American rabbi, lecturer, and author Joseph Telushkin, who estimates that  as many as one million Jews died  as a result, while carrying in its wake the  almost two-thousand-year span of Jewish homelessness and exile.  With the majority of Jews apparently dispersed from the land and city, Jerusalem was eventually conquered by the Caliph Umar (reign 634-44) in the year 638, an event which seems to have taken place following a  peaceful siege, no blood was shed,  in the words of Zia H Shah, a New York-based physician and the Chief Editor of the Muslim Times. The addition of Jerusalem to the Dar al-Islam (or, the abode of Islam) was important. Though the city s name does not appear specifically in the Quran (containing only a reference to  al-Masjid al- Aqsa  or the  Furthest Mosque,  17:1), it is the locus of the Prophet s miraculous Night Journey (or Mi raj). The story, as related in various prophetic traditions (or hadith), tells how the figure of the Prophet travelled from  Makkah to the Furthest Mosque (in Jerusalem), from whence he ascended Heaven, so that Allah might  show him of Our signs. As a result, the Masjid al- Aqsa, arguably built by the Caliph Umar though no historical records exist to this effect, is regarded as the third most sacred mosque in Islam, following the Masjid Al-Haram in Makkah, and Al Masjid An-Nabawi in Madinah.A Pseudo-Ottoman Gambit: Diverting Attention for a PurposeAs a result, Donald Trump s Diplomatic Reception Room stunt far supersedes the thorny Palestinian issue, the life-and-death matter of peace in the Middle East, or even the real estate division between East and West Jerusalem. The English-language pan-Arab television channel Al Jazeera English matter-of-factly point out on its website that  [v]iolence, protests and arrests have followed US President Donald Trump s decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. All across the globe Muslims have taken to the street to voice their disapproval of Trump s latest attempt to act like a real president, a president unlike any of his predecessors:  [r]allies against Trump s decision also took place in the Indian city of Mumbai, the Malaysian capital, Kuala Lumpur, and the Japanese capital, Tokyo.  But also in Turkey   where President Recept Tayyip Erdo an (aka the Prez)  has been at pains for years to appear as a rightful heir to the Ottoman sultans of old   after all, Sultan Selim I (1512-20) took hold of the city of Jerusalem in 1517, remaining part of the Ottoman fold till the onset of the British Mandate (1917-48). On Thursday and Friday, (7-8 December 2017),  spontaneous  meetings took place throughout the whole of the country, from Istanbul over Bursa, Ankara, and Mersin, to Hatay, Gaziantep, Tatvan, Adana, Van, and Kahramanmara . More importantly, the 57-member Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) held a meeting in Istanbul on 13 December 2017, and the Prez employed this platform to portray himself as the ultimate champion of Islam, defying not just the United States of America and Israel, but also the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the nominal Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques. As I have written quite some time ago, the Prez is more than determined to challenge his erstwhile friend and ally King Salman and see himself as the rightful Calip of the world of Islam, in true pseudo-Ottoman fashion.The OIC meeting dutifully released its  Istanbul Declaration on  Freedom for Al Quds' : [a]ppreciating the Republic of Turkey and the Turkish people for hosting the Extraordinary Islamic Summit regarding this important cause of Ummah, especially the call for this Extraordinary Summit made by His Excellency Recep Tayyip Erdo an (image, left), President of the Republic of Turkey . . . We reject and condemn the US Administration s unlawful statement regarding the status of Al Quds . . . Just like the fact that Israel s decision to annex Al Quds and its actions and practices therewith are never accepted, we declare that this statement is identically null and void from the point of view of conscience, justice and history. We invite all members of the UN, the EU and the international community to remain committed to the status of Al Quds and all related UN Resolutions. Rather than accomplishing anything much at all, the extraordinary OIC meeting primarily served to heighten Tayyip  Erdo an s prestige, at home as well as abroad. As such, a cynic would say that Trump s timing was impeccable, as 17/25 December marks the anniversary of the scandal variously known as #AKPgate that erupted in 2013, and that presently was very much on people s minds in Turkey given that the Turkish-Iranian businessman Reza Zarrab (or R za Sarraf, in Turkish) was appearing in court in New York. The court case investigates breaches of the sanctions placed upon Iran and many Turks eagerly followed the proceedings on Twitter. One Istanbul-based writer Kareem Shaheen described the accusations as follows:  [i]n a case that has strained relations between Turkey and the US, Reza Zarrab, a Turkish-Iranian gold trader, described a sprawling money laundering network that allowed Iran access to international markets from 2010 to 2015 in violation of sanctions over its nuclear programme. He told jurors in New York on Thursday [30 November 2017] that [Tayyip] Erdo an, who was prime minister of Turkey at the time, had personally authorised a transaction on behalf of Iran. Zarrab said he had [also] bribed the then Turkish economy minister Zafer  a layan and the former head of the state-owned Halkbank. As a result, given that the Zarrab case all but exacerbated the dire Turco-American relationship, Trump s Jerusalem declaration must have come as a welcome bolt from the blue for Erdogan. The decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel s capital finally absolved the Erdogan from any attempts to salvage the cross-Atlantic relationship, and instead emboldened him to announce publicly that the Republic of Turkey is now the rightful heir to the Ottoman Empire and the only hope left for Muslims across the world, Muslims that have been victimised by years and years of oppressive U.S. foreign policy. And, putting a cherry on top of the proverbial cake of discontent, Erdo an announced on Thursday, 17 December 2017, that he would establish a Turkish Embassy in Jerusalem, representing Ankara in Palestine, to be clear. Speaking to an audience of faithful followers in the city of Karaman, the Prez declared  God willing, the day is close when officially, with God s permission, we will open our embassy there,  in Jerusalem.All the while, the Palestinian people continue to suffer and Israel employs any and every pretext available to stage military assaults on the Gaza strip and crack down on Palestinian protesters But, Trump has done his deed, leaving his indelible mark on the Middle East, while the Prez, in turn, can now rightfully claim that he alone is able to represent the Muslim world on the international arena.*** 21WIRE special contributor Dr. Can Erimtan is an independent scholar who was living in Istanbul for some time, with a wide interest in the politics, history and culture of the Balkans and the Greater Middle East. He attended the VUB in Brussels and did his graduate work at the universities of Essex and Oxford. In Oxford, Erimtan was a member of Lady Margaret Hall and he obtained his doctorate in Modern History in 2002. His publications include the book  Ottomans Looking West?  as well as numerous scholarly articles. In the period 2010-11, he wrote op-eds for Today s Zaman and in the further course of 2011 he also published a number of pieces in H rriyet Daily News. In 2013, he was the Turkey Editor of the  stanbul Gazette. He is on Twitter at @theerimtanangleREAD MORE PALESTINE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Palestine FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22709,A POEM: ‘Twas The Night Before CNN’s Christmas…’,ACR s BOILER ROOM presents a Christmas poem Twas the Night Before CNN s #FakeNews Christmas    By Randy J.. HELP US TO KEEP DOING WHAT WE DO   DONATE NOW TO 21WIRE!SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV,0
22710,Bundy Case Ruled a Mistrial – Will Federal Case Soon Crumble?,"Mark Anderson  21st Century WireThe Greek philosopher Plato was credited with saying,  Justice in the life and conduct of the State is possible only as first it resides in the hearts and souls of the citizens. Well, since longtime Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy, his sons, and his other compatriots have demonstrated they possess a strong sense of principles and justice, perhaps a little justice in the life of the American state is possible which is no small thing in an age of nearly universal tyranny and injustice.This welcome ray of light became apparent in Las Vegas on Dec. 20 when U.S. District Judge Gloria Navarro declared a mistrial in the current high-profile proceedings involving Cliven, his sons Ryan and Ammon, and Ryan Payne.This prompted members of the Bundy family and dozens of their supporters to leave the courthouse on that Tuesday in a state of elation, even with the presence of protesters who, holding signs that read,  Keep your Bundy hands off public lands,  appeared to be paid agitators for billionaire leftist revolutionary George Soros, as one protestor basically admitted.Back in the spring of 2014, the above-named four defendants who ve become emblematic of the plight of Western ranchers resisting heavy-handed federal land controls were accompanied by other Bundy siblings, and by scores of supporters from across the nation, all of whom gathered near Cliven s ranch in Clark County, in southern Nevada, to exercise their First and Second Amendment rights.On that basis, these brave souls, some of whom were armed in an open-carry state, protested the actions of well-armed Bureau of Land Management agents, FBI agents (including SWAT units) and contractors, when these officials showed up, set up shop, and finally moved to impound Cliven s cattle over flimsy allegations of unpaid grazing fees on public lands. The impoundment attempt, on April 12, 2014, was unsuccessful, however.But while the government retreated that day after a lengthy and often tense standoff, a 16-count federal indictment was eventually handed down. Cliven, Ammon and the two Ryans were among nearly 20 initially indicted in this now-legendary federal case, which hasn t gone particularly well for prosecutors ever since the first of several planned trials started in February of 2017.Thus, the government, despite spending millions of dollars, has seen its case steadily deflate to the point where, as of now, the only things that remain, according to a legal observer, are for Judge Navarro to receive briefs from the prosecution and the defense by 5 p.m. Dec. 29 (when a hearing may take place). Those briefs will consist of arguments to enable the judge to decide whether or not to fully dismiss the case.The mistrial happened around 9:30 a.m. Pacific Time Dec. 20, as  Navarro told the jury to  go home . . . it s over,  recounted Roger Roots, a legal expert and author who has observed virtually every trial proceeding firsthand.He said that after Judge Navarro reviews the briefs, an open hearing will be convened at 9 a.m. on Jan. 8, according to the court schedule as of this writing. If she rules for dismissal Jan. 8  without prejudice,  the indictment remains in force and federal prosecutors technically could reset the trial of Cliven and the three others, reportedly on or around Feb. 26. But if she rules for dismissal  with prejudice,  then the indictment is dissolved, according to Roots.Roots said a dissolved indictment would mean the government would have to go to the trouble and expense of convening a new grand jury in order to seek a new indictment which would be  double jeopardy  and therefore a probable constitutional violation.And while Roots said the government conceivably could appeal the mistrial ruling to the Ninth Circuit, at this point he does not believe the government would jump through all the necessary hoops for a new indictment.Notably, what helped make the mistrial a reality was Navarro s findings (reached during hearings on exculpatory evidence that the government has been withholding) that the prosecution had committed several Brady v Maryland violations including not disclosing to the defense the existence of surveillance cameras, including those trained at the Bundy homestead.Also included is not disclosing the fact that concealed snipers were stationed around the area at the time of the 2014 standoff; not disclosing the existence of maps of the snipers  positions; and, among other things, not disclosing threat-assessment reports which include government admissions that Cliven and company are not dangerous people.SEE ALSO: Nevada Residents:  Public Land Belongs to the People, Not DC Notably, family patriarch Cliven, as a matter of principle, stayed in prison despite a recent hearing in which the court allowed him to leave jail under house arrest. He has been jailed since early 2016 and has suffered from health problems.Cliven based his decision on the fact that a few remaining defendants which had included his sons Mel and Dave until they, too, were granted house arrest are still in jail awaiting a final trial that s been scheduled to take place sometime next year. Moreover, Ryan and Ammon Bundy, as well as Ryan Payne, all were recently released under house-arrest rulings, after an equally grueling amount of time behind bars.During a recent on-the-air interview, Cliven s daughter-in-law Briana, who s Mel s wife, told Free Speech Zone host Jim Lambley of KSDZ-FM  The Twister  out of Nebraska that in the almost two years that Cliven has been behind bars, several more grandchildren of his were born. Yet Cliven, despite such a strong emotional attachment to his large family, still chose to remain in jail to honor the others still imprisoned.On a Dec. 20 appearance on the same radio show, Briana added,  Over 3,300 hundred pages of evidence that could ve helped the defense have been withheld and have been turned over to the defense in the last two weeks . . . . It was absolutely intentional and she [Judge Navarro] said she believes it was intentional because of what they withheld. Briana, who understands that even one, let alone several Brady violations, normally would be expected to lead to a full dismissal of the case right away (rather than carrying on with more hearings) added, however, that the Bundy siblings all are wearing electronic ankle bracelets and cannot leave their house-arrest locations before 7 a.m. and must return by 7 p.m., even while they are prohibited from congregating during Christmastime. But we re still winning here,  Briana went on to tell KSDZ host Jim Lambley, while adding that even though a dismissal was hoped-for, rather than a mistrial, the upside is that any further proceedings will provide an opportunity to expose even more evidence that the government has withheld.Lambley replied:  The government is just digging a deeper hole for themselves; the government is the false accuser here, that s all there is to it. Mr. Roots, who s cautiously optimistic about the remainder of this case, said that given the mistrial ruling, the few defendants still behind bars have a dramatically improved chance of never going to trial. Cliven won t go home until this case is all the way over,  Roots remarked, moved by Cliven s ironclad principles.This article was originally published at The Truth HoundREAD MORE BUNDY RANCH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bundy Ranch FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22711,Mainstream Media Fake News: 21st Century Wire Debates American ‘Liberal’ Academic,"This past week saw one of the most colorful debates regarding the CNN and US mainstream media meltdown over the Russia-gate conspiracy.CrossTalk says:  Trust in the mainstream media is at an all-time low. But no one should be surprised and the media has itself to blame. This sad state of affairs is a self-inflicted wound and actually a conscious business model. The media no longer has an interest in reporting news   media today propagates ideology. Host Peter Lavele is CrossTalking with guests Eric Alterman (Senior Fellow at Center for American Progress), Patrick Henningsen (21st Century Wire), and Lionel (Lionel Media).  Watch:. READ MORE CNN FAKE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire CNN FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22712,CLOAKED IN CONSPIRACY: Overview of JFK Files Reopens Door to Coup d’état Claims & Cold War Era False Flag Terror,"Shawn Helton 21st Century WireSince late October, an ongoing release of intelligence files related to the assassination of President John F. Kennedy have reignited decades old conspiracy claims. While the material released is reportedly a mix of new and old, some critics have declared that the recently declassified files reveal even more startling evidence regarding the death of 35th president of the United States.Upon reviewing pivotal historical elements linked to the Kennedy assassination, we re told that the vast majority of CIA and FBI records regarding the JFK files have been released, though many are still pending.Despite claims that newly revealed files contain smoking gun evidence in the enigmatic case, the murder of President John F. Kennedy is perhaps an act that will forever be shrouded in conspiracy and mystery as the controversial case is unlikely to bever e officially reopened during our lifetime.  CLOAKED IN CONSPIRACY    JFK assassination claims have been reignited following the CIA and FBI case record releases. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)NOTE*   While the JFK files have been making their way to The National Archives website since late October, some material released contains names of certain individuals that will remain redacted due to apparent concerns over national security.Although the JFK case is one of America s most compelling conspiracies, it s doubtful that there will ever be complete transparency regarding any information concerning a larger premeditated plot. Among the mountain of theories and credible information concerning the 35th president s assassination, is the likely inclusion of red herrings, false leads, misinformation and media tripwire s that will forever float in the ether of conspiracy realms in an effort to misdirect the public.In the early 1950 s, the CIA ran a cloaked wide-scale program called Operation Mockingbird. The controversial program infiltrated the American news media in order to influence the public, while also disseminating propaganda through various front organizations, magazines and cultural groups.At the start of 2017, more than 12 million declassified documents from the CIA were reportedly published online. While the intelligence docu-dump was believed to have shed additional light on covert war programs, psychic research and the Cold War era, it also contained more evidence confirming the symbiotic relationship between the CIA and American media.  DARK DAY    The JFK motorcade traveling through Dallas on November 22nd, 1963. Later that fateful day, Kennedy was scheduled to give a speech at the Dallas Trade Mart. One month earlier, Kennedy had discussed plans to withdraw troops from Vietnam. (Image Source: businessinsider)Over the course of this article, we ll take a look at one of America s most puzzling crimes, while examining some of the most intriguing aspects related to the recently declassified JFK files Guarding the Hen HouseAlthough the CIA s declassified JFK documents offer a window into a web of clandestine operatives, cloaked mafia figureheads and uncanny politically connections at play throughout the tension inducing Cold War era, one should remain skeptical and cautious, as it s very unlikely that any new release would result in a criminal case against the producers of such a large conspiratorial crime, even if such a plot revealed irrefutable evidence.  TRIALS & TRIBULATIONS    After Jim Garrison s case against Shaw, the DA was found not guilty on charges of bribery in a separate trial regarding illegal pinball gambling. Garrison represented himself in 3-hour much ballyhooed closing statement and was easily acquitted on all charges. (Image Source: nola)Moreover, while it s tempting to take the claims of the US intelligence apparatus at face value, an astute observer should tread lightly when viewing any new disclosures related to the JFK assassination.In fact, the very institutions releasing these files today, were at the heart of a controversial investigation conducted by New Orleans District Attorney, Jim Garrison, whose CIA related conspiracy claims regarding President Kennedy s assassination led to charges against a well-known New Orleans businessman and former WW2 military intelligence officer named Clay Shaw. After having been decorated with several prestigious military merits without ever having seen fire in the battlefield   Shaw quickly rose through the ranks of the military, even joining the counterintelligence squad known as the Special Operations Section.Shaw s military pedigree recalls the prototype for modern  Deep State intelligence programs and the formation of the Office of the Coordinator of Information (COI), an intelligence propaganda agency in 1941 that was succeeded by Office of Strategic Services (OSS), a wartime intelligence apparatus created in 1942 which focused on psychological warfare prior to the formation of the CIA. OSS agents also worked closely with British Security Coordination (BSC). Additionally, the notorious right-wing paramilitary group Organisation arm e secr te (OAS) in France from 1954-1962 had close ties with the CIA through various front organizations connected to the agency.Below is passage concerning the formation of the CIA as illuminated by Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis. Here we see that the inception of the CIA was a direct result of the passing of the National Security Act of 1947, as well as the influence of powerful political US-UK think-tanks coordinating in the background: First, the CIA (preceded by the OSS) was set up as a result of the National Security Act of 1947 [signed] under [Harry S. Truman after the OSS creation by] Franklin D. Roosevelt, springing in part from the Pratt House in New York (future home of the Council on Foreign Relations), itself modelled from the British Secret Intelligence Service.  Likewise, the over-arching institutions that control and run the intelligence agencies in the West, like the Council on Foreign Relations, were modelled on the Oxford Round Table Groups and the Royal Institute for International Affairs. Indeed, the Pratt House s British counterpart was the Chatham House. From America to Europe, the spectre of intelligence operations has loomed large throughout much of the last century and in the suspicious death of JFK, this was never more apparent   CONSPIRATOR?    A brooding Clay Shaw photographed during the JFK assassination trial in 1968. (Image Source: nola)Company Men & SpymastersIn the aftermath of WW2, Shaw was stated to have been officially discharged from military duty. This prompted the published playwright and Chevalier of the Order of the Crown in Belgium (Knight of Malta) to then travel to New Orleans, whereupon he supposedly received support from the entrepreneurial millionaire Theodore Brent, a local businessman known for rail and shipping operations, including the Mississippi Shipping Company, an organization believed to be a CIA intelligence front that allegedly focused on gathering information on Latin America. Incidentally, the former OSS intelligence officer Shaw, held his first post-war position with the Mississippi Shipping Company.In 1943, Brent helped charter the International House with a collection of leaders of commerce, trade and banking insiders. It would become one of two predecessors before the creation of the world s first trade center.In 1947, Shaw became a founder and managing director of International Trade Mart, a New Orleans financial partner housed in a 33-story cross-shaped building that played a large role in international commerce. The  Trade Mart  as it was called, merged with the International House to form the World Trade Center (see left photo) of New Orleans in 1968. Upon the apparent  sponsorship  of the trade center, the group sought to expand trade operations in Basel, Switzerland, a project that was backed by a slew of well-connected financiers that brought to fruition the organization known as Permindex. Over the years, many researchers have examined extremely compelling ties between the CIA and Permindex, as one of the holding company s main backers, a lawyer named Lloyd J. Cobb held a Covert Security Clearance issued by the CIA in October of 1953. In addition, Shaw served on the board of directors at Permindex, as Cobb would later become president of Trade Mart in 1962, providing further evidence of the kind of international reach held by the CIA-linked group of partners. Interestingly, one of the Trade Mart s stated goals would not only be to act as a conduit for foreign trade but the organization would also counter communist propaganda.  This is something that would later fall in line with other CIA-linked operations over that time period.Temple University professor and well-known JFK researcher Joan Mellen, found a number of other links between the CIA and the International Trade Mart that aroused suspicion. Here s a short passage from her book entitled  A Farewell to Justice: Jim Garrison, JFK s Assassination, And the Case That Should Have Changed History: The International Trade Mart was run by CIA operatives, its public relations handled by David G. Baldwin, who would later acknowledge his own  CIA connections.  Baldwin s successor, Jesse Core, was also with the CIA. It was a matter of saving the Agency  shoe leather,  Core would say. The Trade Mart donated money to CIA asset Ed Butler s INCA. Every consulate within its bowels was bugged. Furthermore, not only were Trade Mart and Permindex linked to the CIA   but (see left photo) they were also suspected of ties to organized crime.In March of 1967, according to the Italian newspaper Paese Sera, Permindex was said to have been CIA front for the purposes of political espionage in Europe, including claims that the company took part in an attempted assassination on the French Prime Minister Charles de Gualle alongside the extremist French group OAS in 1961. There were some 30 attempts on de Gaulle s life in the early 1960 s, which many believe was linked to him granting Algeria independence. In 1966, de Gaulle also bucked the established order by withdrawing France from the NATO Military Command Structure. In 1958, after the inception of Permindex, Shaw, along with Cobb and other banking and trade insiders, including David Rockefeller, created a Permindex subsidiary in Rome known as Centro Mondaiale Commerciale (CMC). Permindex/CMC, were later kicked out of Italy due to implications that the CIA front organizations were involved in the subversion of European governments.After Shaw s arrest, Joan Mellen s husband Ralph Schoenman sent the Paese Sera newspaper articles to Garrison from London. The Italian paper according to Mellen, exposed the  CIA s pernicious attempt to influence European electoral politics and thwart the democratic process in more than one country. Adding to that, Mellen explained in her book mentioned above, that the family of former CIA Director of Central Intelligence, Allen Dulles (left photo), had been very  interested  in Permindex.  In 2005, Dr. Daniele Ganser stated that a highly secretive CIA-backed paramilitary army was  born out of the head of Allen Dulles  in his seminal book,  NATO s Secret Armies: Operation Gladio and Terrorism in Western Europe.  According Ganser s research, documents revealed that the CIA s covert armies were used to subvert the political interests of various nations through the implementation of a Cold-War era strategy of tension. As the former Swiss Director of the OSS, Dulles, had a tainted past tied to a program which sought to assimilate Nazi scientists into America after WW2 under the code name Operation Paperclip. A decade later in 1953, Dulles as head of the CIA approved $1 million dollars in the lead up to overthrow the democratically elected Prime Minister Mohammad Mosaddegh in what became known as Operation Ajax (aka the TPAJAX project). One year later, in 1954, he was the mastermind of a Guatemalan coup.In the aftermath of the JFK assassination, Dulles would be appointed as one of a seven member panel on the controversial Warren Commission headed by fellow Freemason Chief Justice Earl Warren. Rather intriguingly, David Talbot s book entitled  The Devil s Chessboard: Allen Dulles, the CIA, and the Rise of America s Secret Government,  recently raised more questions concerning the potential role played by Dulles in the death of Kennedy.During the Dulles era as CIA chief, Shaw s served as an informant in the CIA s Domestic Contacts Service throughout 1948-1956. Given Shaw s extensive military intelligence background, it stands to reason any connection to the CIA would have been extremely significant.Prior to the formation of the top-secret project QKENCHANT in 1952, Shaw was granted a  five-agency  clearance in 1949. According to FOIA documents obtained by the Mary Ferrell Foundation,  Subject [Shaw] was granted a Provisional Security Approval for use under Project QKENCHANT on an unwitting basis on 10 December 1962.  The  Agency project QKENCHANT was allegedly used to grant security approvals to  non-Agency personnel,  along with closely tied entities for the purpose of proposing future projects, activities and the formation of new relationships. Interestingly, project QKENCHANT also used the services of another individual swirling in the JFK assassination stratosphere named E. Howard Hunt. Years later, the former CIA operative and White House aide Hunt, would become a well-known name as he was tagged as one of five Watergate burglars that stained the Nixon administration after breaking into the Democratic National Committee headquarters. The list of additional accomplices included three other apparent anti-communist Cuban exiles, along with G. Gordon Liddy, and James McCord who would also be implicated in the  White House Plumbers  plot.In 2007, although Hunt declined direct participation, he released a 2004 controversial confession that suggested he played a  benchwarmer  role in the plot to kill Kennedy. While Hunt s apparent allegations caused quite a stir, he fingered several suspected plotters such as the anti-Castro Frank Sturgis and Cuban exile leader of Alpha 66, Antonio Veciana, a man who claims to have  inadvertently  witnessed a meeting with the CIA and Lee Harvey Oswald before Kennedy s death.In Michael Benson s  Who s Who in the JFK Assassination: An A to Z Encyclopedia,  according to Garrison, CMC represented the paramilitary right in Europe, along with the  Italian fascists, American CIA and other interests.  Here s a compelling passage from Benson s book that links CMC, Permindex, the CIA and organized crime: According to evidence in the WC [Warren Commission] hearings, Permindex was suspected of funding political assassinations and laundering money for organized crime. Shaw was also on the board of directors for Permindex s sister corporation, Centro Mondaiale Commerciale CMC.Benson s book also cites other well researched claims regarding CMC and the apparent money laundering of their liquid assets. According to a 1958 State Department document, the CMC, the World Trade Center of Rome, was indeed modeled after the CIA-created Trade Mart in New Orleans.More recently, important  groundbreaking  documents associated with the construct of CMC were unearthed in 2016 by the Italian journalist Michele Metta.According to well-known researcher and writer Jim Marrs a tangled web of intelligence operations linked to Permindex and CMC were further described in his book entitled  Cross Fire: The Plot That Killed Kennedy. Below is a revealing passage from the seminal JFK researcher: The Trade Mart was connected with the Centro Mondaiale Commerciale CMC through yet another shadowy firm named Permindex (Permanent Industrial Expositions), also in the business of international expositions. Continuing, Cross Fire exposed other suspicious intelligence links: The Italian media reported that [Ferenc] Nagy was president of Permindex and the board chairman and major stockholder was Major Louis Mortimer Bloomfield a powerful Montreal lawyer who represented the Bronfmans, a Canadian family made wealthy by the liquor industry, as well as serving US intelligence services. Reportedly Bloomfield established Permindex in 1958 as part of the creation of worldwide trade centers connected with CMC. As reported in investigative work by David Goldman and Jeffery Steinberg in 1981, Bloomfield was stated to have been recruited to be part of the British Special Operations Executive (SOE) in 1938. later the Montreal lawyer obtained an official rank in the US Army, OSS intelligence and the FBI s counterespionage  Division Five  unit as confirmed by Marrs. Additionally, Bloomfield held close ties with Master Mason FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover and Tibor Rosenbaum, a head of finance for Israeli intelligence.Further conspiratorial claims would be levied on Rosenbaum s Geneva-based Banque de Credit International (BCI), a Mossad-linked bank that allegedly laundered Permindex money to finance assassination attempts on de Gaulle. BCI was also the predecessor to the scandal plagued Bank of Credit and Commerce International (BCCI) that was later found to be peddling in terror funding, arms deals and prostitution. BCCI would later be implicated in the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee report called The BCCI Affair. In 1974, Rosenbaum himself was said to have owed BCI some $60 million after his business associate Baron Edmond de Rothschild of the Israel Corporation, discovered an apparent an open and shut case of unauthorized conversion of company funds,  that were transferred to the insolvent Inter Credit Trust of Vaduz instead of BCI.  COVERT OPERATOR?    Lee Harvey Oswald seen handing out  Fair Play for Cuba  leaflets outside the International Trade Mart in New Orleans in August of 1963. (Image Source: neworleanspast)The Dallas Plot & The Cuban ProjectIn March of 1967, Garrison, the ex-FBI agent turned DA, indicted Shaw on conspiracy charges related to the assassination of President Kennedy. It would take 22 months before the court proceedings would begin in a trial which lasted 34 days. Aspects of the Shaw trial became popularized following Oliver Stone s much debated and controversial thriller entitled JFK (1991).At the start of the trial in 1969, Garrison s opening statement contended that Shaw, a man believed to have used the alias known as  Clay Bertrand  (also Clem) within the New Orleans socialite scene and gay underground, was also a well-connected former military intelligence officer with no formal background in trade that allegedly participated in a plot to kill the 35th president of the United States. Garrison would further assert that Shaw met with a former US Marine Lee Harvey Oswald and an airline pilot for Eastern Airlines, David Ferrie on several occasions over the summer of 1963, eventually culminated in a meeting at Ferrie s New Orleans apartment where Garrison s star-witness a 25-year-old insurance salesman for Equitable Life Assurance Society named Perry Raymond Russo, apparently overheard the men discussing critical details regarding a JFK assassination plot in September of 1963.Below is screen shot depicting a portion of a NY Times article discussing Russo s testimony of the JFK plot Russo s account of what happened was a major part of the trial and has been one of the most controversial aspects of Garrison s case against Shaw ever since. Over the years, researchers and mainstream critics have debated the credibility of Russo after receiving hypnosis prior to his testimony.JFK case critics believe that due to the combination of the credibility of witnesses called into question, the possibility of planted witnesses and the untimely deaths of some 18 material witnesses, including the controversial death of Ferrie, who was not able to be deposed, Shaw was acquitted in 54 minutes in the only JFK assassination case to make it to trial.A documentary entitled  The JFK Assassination; The Jim Garrison Tapes  discusses many of the  controversial elements of the Shaw trial and its aftermath Interestingly, the demanding trial would include some surprising moments based on witness testimony, as well as the shocking Abraham Zapruder footage which was viewed publicly for the first time before the jury. Moreover, it would later be revealed that the apparent dressmaker Zapruder, had his own links to a CIA front organization as he was stated to have been a member of the Dallas Council on World Affairs. Another fellow member of the council orbiting around the JFK plot, was petroleum engineer George Serguis de Mohrenschildt. Mohrenschildt s ties didn t end there, as he apparently worked out of a CIA-trust building and had befriended Oswald in the summer of 1962. It would later be revealed that Mohrenschildt exchanged letters with Texas oilman and Vice President Lyndon Baines Johnson (LBJ) some seven months before the JFK assassination and that he knew George Bush Sr since 1942. Surely, these high level links to CIA and top-ranking officials tracing back to Oswald were not just a coincidence. The whole episode appears to have been echoed two decades later, as a Bush/Hinckley family nexus was exposed following an attempt to assassinate the 40th President of the United States, Ronald Reagan.While many mainstream accounts support a Fidel Castro theory in the death of Kennedy due to the apparent assassination attempts on his life, its important to note the massive CIA influence in Cuba. According to Cuban-born American historian and writer Servando Gonzalez, Castro himself had ties to the Council on Foreign Relations and was really a form of controlled opposition. Furthermore, when concerning a larger conspiracy revolving around Cuba, one should consider the political backdrop   on one hand there was the possibly designed to fail CIA-backed  Bay of Pigs  invasion which set the stage for Operation Mongoose, a clandestine program overseen by the CIA, the US State Department (DOS) and the Department of Defense (DoD). Mongoose made use of the anti-Castro Oswald-CIA-mafia-linked Ferrie, along with Cuban exiles in order to sabotage the Castro regime. Additionally, waiting in the wings was the top-secret proposal called Operation Northwoods, a particularly subversive false flag program that included plots of hijacked planes, the bombing of a US ship, a virulent communist Cuban terror campaign in US cities and manufacturing the  real or simulated  deaths of Cuban refugees.In April of 1961, US planning for the Cuban Project aka Operation Mongoose began and was to stated to have been led by Air Force General Edward Lansdale, Attorney General Robert F. Kennedy and others. The all-encompassing covert war program (seen in part in the image below) would be set in motion to subvert the Cuban regime by October 1962. Underneath the network of Operation Mongoose, there were 33 proposed plans (including Operation Northwoods) designed specifically to be used as a pretext to invade Cuba.The Northwoods false flag operation drafted by the Joint Chiefs of Staff and signed off on by Chairman Lyman Lemnitzer was ultimately rejected by Kennedy. However, the declassified files related to the operation are still shocking 55 years later, as the program considered creating  funerals for mock victims, for one of the various plots, as well as produce  casualty lists in US newspapers,  in order to  cause a helpful wave of indignation,  as another plot would reveal where  Soviet bloc incendiaries could be found, after a night of cane-burning in Cuba.This was all said to be happening as President Kennedy was stated to have quietly been working to negotiate through  back channels  with Castro. October of 1962 ushered in the  Cuban Missile Crisis a tense escalation during the Cold War that culminated in Soviet nuclear missiles being placed in Cuba to prevent an invasion. During this time, all Mongoose related operations were halted, as US intelligence apparently failed to warn the Kennedy administration of the Soviet military aid.One could contend that the entirety of Mongoose PSYOP used to cast blame on Cuba was a precursor for future nation building projects that have also unfairly manipulated the public in the wake of alleged mass trauma.  PATSY?    Many researchers believe that the alleged lone gunman in the JFK assassination was an intelligence linked operative who used the alias, Alek Hidell.  (Image Source: pinterest)Covert Operators, the Mafia & NATO s False FlagsAs the identity of Oswald has been shrouded in mystery and manipulation, one is reminded of his  Fair Play for Cuba Committee housed at 544 Camp Street in the very same building of Guy Banister, ex-FBI agent turned private investigator, whose office was at 531 Lafayette Street, just around the corner from Oswald s office in the now demolished Newman building. Incidentally, Banister was stated to have been linked to the FBI s Hoover, while maintaining a front investigative firm that included the CIA operative Ferrie, who reportedly had very close ties to one of the country s most powerful mafia bosses, Carlos Marcello of New Orleans. According to a Washington Post article from 1979, the House Select Committee on Assassinations believed that Banister s private detective agency was a cover for his role as go-between for the CIA and the Cuban exiles involved in anti-Castro operations.  Additionally, Banister and Ferrie were reportedly engaged in a gun-running operation for Cuban commandos, as the building became headquarters for anti-Castro groups. A decade after the assassination and Shaw trial, CIA operative William Gaudet claimed to have seen Banister with Oswald in a garage near the Camp Street offices. Banister was also found to have ties to the extremist French group OAS.Interestingly, both Oswald and Ferrie operated offices out of the 544 Camp Street address. This meant that the apparently pro-Castro Oswald group operated directly next to Ferrie s anti-Castro activities. The absurdity of this revelation is still as potent today as it was in the late 1960 s. Furthermore, the Post article mentioned above, explained that  Banister s Camp Street office was surrounded by Cuban-exile organizations, including at one point the Cuban Revolutionary Council, a CIA front group set up by, among others, Antonio de Varona, the Cuban exile leader. Rather intriguingly, the Warren Commission would conclude that no one could connect Oswald to 544 Camp Street. This would directly contradict the FBI s own pre-assassination file which had already conclusively linked Oswald to the well-known Camp Street address.Even though allegedly avowed Marxist Oswald operated the pro-Castro  Fair Play for Cuba Committee, the group was later suspected to be an intelligence  cover  designed to further the pursuits of the anti-Castro movement. This something which fell in line with the  rabidly anti-Communist,  CIA-linked Ferrie, a person with a sordid past and lengthy history of sexual abuse from his time in priesthood as well as aeronautics.It was later publicly acknowledged that Ferrie first met Oswald while instructing a small squadron at Moisant Airport from June to September 1955. This contradicted Ferrie, who denied knowing Oswald after the Kennedy assassination. The 15-year-old Oswald joined Ferrie s squadron on July 27, 1955.  COLLABORATORS?    The Lee Harvey Oswald and David Ferrie seen together with a flight squad at Moisant Airport. (Image source: meandlee)NATO s paramilitary-style stay-behind-armies are stated to have been comprised the CIA-linked Operation GLADIO. The origins of GLADIO have been well documented and the secretive counterintelligence operation has been linked to a wave of right-wing  false flag  terror attacks across Europe throughout the 1950 s into the 1980 s. The anti-communist organizational designs were directly connected to that of the CIA and MI6 in particular, with the US and British special forces reportedly facilitating the training.QUESTION: Did Permindex/CMC, along with NATO intelligence, also play a part in facilitating the efforts of Operation GLADIO?When you consider the time frame of  Stay Behind  operations already in existence since 1952, it seems likely that the CIA would make use of its various front organizations to supply the means to produce such covert operations. This is further bolstered by the fact that in 1956, the same year Permindex became operational in Switzerland, Prime Minister of Hungary Ferenc Nagy, who is documented to have been a CIA asset, had gone to Germany and Switzerland on the heels of the apparently CIA influenced Hungarian Revolution. It s worth noting that Nagy was also said to have served on the board of directors at Permindex.According to noted writer and researcher Dr. Paul Craig Roberts, a former Assistant Secretary of the Treasury for Economic Policy under Ronald Reagan s administration, JFK was unaware of the CIA-NATO terror related activities of Operation GLADIO. Here s a passage from that report by Roberts below: President John F. Kennedy had experienced in the Joint Chiefs of Staff under Chairman Lyman Lemnitzer a high level of insubordination. Lemnitzer showed in White House meetings contempt for the president. When Lemnitzer brought Kennedy the Northwoods Project to shoot down American citizens in the streets of America and to blow American airliners out of the sky in order to place the blame on Castro so that the US could invade and achieve  regime change,  a popular term of the George W. Bush regime, in Cuba, President Kennedy removed Lemnitzer as chairman and sent him to Europe as head of NATO.Kennedy did not know about Operation Gladio, an assassination program in Europe run by NATO and the CIA. Communists were blamed for Operation Gladio s bombings of civilians in train stations in order to erode communist political influence, especially in Italy. Thus, Kennedy s way of getting rid of Lemnitzer put Lemnitzer in charge of this program and gave Lemnitzer a way to get rid of John Kennedy. The article also provides a plausible explanation for the assassination of JFK s brother Robert after he won the Democratic party primary in California in June of 1968. It appears according to Roberts, that RFK might have known about the assassins interwoven into the fabric of the intelligence-crime syndicate shaped and organized by military-linked men, those in high level security operations and those connected to the mafia that played a role in JFK s death. Roberts suggests that RFK was seeking higher office to potentially hold those involved accountable for their crimes against America and his brother, the 35th president of the United States.From this, we can view global operations like GLADIO in addition to the post-9/11  War On Terror  security surge as a form of  power politics  used to aggressively influence the foreign policy of other nations through the use of covert militarization.Lets take a look at some of the records related to the latest CIA and FBI releases in 2017 worth examining in one of the most notorious crimes of the 20th century Below is a screen capture of one CIA document that discussed a dinner sponsored by Oren Fenton Potito, an individual listed as a President of the Eastern Synod of Christian Identity and an organizer of the National States  Rights Party (NSRP), who also happened to be a member of the Klu Klux Klan (KKK). In the now declassified document, Potito acknowledged an association between Lee Harvey Oswald and a man identified as Ruby, formally Rubenstein, otherwise known Jack Ruby. Interestingly, both Oswald and Ruby had ties to the Marcello crime family.Another revelation in the memo below added to already existing expert testimony concerning the probability of multiple shooters on November 22nd, 1963 It s worth noting that both NSRP and the KKK were both heavily infiltrated by the FBI s COINTELPRO program, a counter-intelligence program that was specifically designed to influence, disrupt, coerce and discredit political factions from the inside out. The secretive FBI program infiltrated both left and right-wing political groups across America from 1956-1971. Moreover, the controversial program influenced, radicalized and neutralized political dissidents through the use of divisive tactics such as Bad-Jacketing, a technique which manufactured false evidence, fear and rumors regarding various activists. Since NSRP and the KKK were FBI infiltrated groups, it is much more likely that anyone associated with Potito would have already been well-known to authorities.In essence, the document pictured above provides more evidence that Oswald was in reality a known wolf   one who is still without a clear motive in the crime of which he was accused.In October of 2017, another controversial nugget in the JFK files was a memo written by FBI Director Hoover after Oswald was shot by Ruby. The memo revealed that the head of FBI was concerned that the bureau needed to  convince  the public that Oswald acted alone in the Kennedy assassination. A portion of Hoover s memo read The thing I am concerned about, and so is Mr. Katzenbach, is having something issued so we can convince the public that Oswald is the real assassin. Other intriguing aspects included in the recent releases concerned the informant status of Dallas police officer J.D Tippit and his alleged involvement in the Kennedy assassination as a trigger man. According to the official narrative Tippit was shot by Oswald 45 minutes after Kennedy s homicide, but the newly circulated memo states that Tippit met with Oswald and Ruby at a nightclub a week prior to the shooting.An additional memo released suggested that the UK s Cambridge News received a warning call 25 minutes prior to JFK s death. This information was written in a memo by then FBI Deputy Director James Angleton to Hoover. However, since this story was made public in late October, Cambridge News has denied  that the tip-off ever occurred. Other JFK file details suggest a US plan to create a false flag scenario using Soviet planes to carry out attacks.In Summary There s been a host of characters and Deep State actors that have an uncanny connection surrounding a swirling conspiracy in JFK s death and this article covers only a fraction of the overwhelming intelligence backdrop associated with the case, not to mention the highly suspicious forensic elements involved in the shooting itself. While varying theories in the JFK murder plot have implicated everyone from the CIA to the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), to lurking spymasters, crime bosses and oil barons to pro-Castro Cubans, to Cuban exiles and trade executives   one thing is clear, due to its own compromising alliances, elements within the US government deliberately stonewalled convincing and credible information prudent to the American people regarding the now mythic case.Moreover, the symbolic nature of JFK s violent end, along with the establishment s masking of Oswald s intelligence links to high-ranking officials and other syndicate members perpetually forces the American to people to relive the ritualistic trauma of that dark November day on a time loop without any true resolution.The further one digs into America s seedy underworld of organized crime, intelligence operations, unlikely coincidences and covert relationships concerning the mysterious plot to kill Kennedy, a highly intricate web of activity emerges that points to a compelling case beyond almost any other modern-day conspiracy.*** 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesREAD MORE JFK NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire JFK FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22713,COLLUSION FUSION: DOJ Official’s CIA Wife Was Hired to ‘Research’ Trump,"21st Century Wire says More evidence of collusion has surfaced this week  just not the kind mainstream media has been incessantly reporting for months.Zero Hedge is reporting that Glenn Simpson, co-founder of Fusion GPS, admitted in a court filing this week that his firm paid Nellie Ohr, wife of U.S. Department of Justice official Bruce Ohr, to help dig up dirt in 2016 on then presidential candidate Donald Trump.Mr. Ohr was demoted from his senior post at the DOJ as associate deputy attorney general after it was revealed he met with Simpson and Christopher Steele, a retired British intelligence officer who assembled the now infamous Trump-Russia  dodgy dossier. Read more at Zero Hedge, including details about the DNC s law firm Perkins Coie READ MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire RussiaGate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22714,Mueller Team Uniform? ‘Democratic Donkey Jerseys’ and ‘I’m With Hillary T-Shirts’ says Congressman,"Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appeared before the U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Committee on Wednesday, amid new questions about Anti-Trump text messages sent by FBI employees assigned to special counsel Robert Mueller s Russia investigation. Rosenstein testified that Mueller is running his office  appropriately  and without bias.In a colorful exchange between Congressman Steve Chabot (R-OH) and Rosenstein, Chabot asked the Deputy AG: How with a straight face, can you say that this group of Democrat partisans are unbiased, and will give President Trump a fair shake? After a brief stammer, Rosenstein replied that political affiliation and the issue of bias are different things, and that we should trust the experience Mueller and the Justice Department have in managing investigation teams, adding: We recognize that we have employees with political opinions, and it s our responsibility to make sure those opinions do not influence their actions. To which Chabot argued how can anyone possibly reach that conclusion: I was at first encouraged. It seemed like a serious matter and deserved a serious investigation. And I assumed, as many of us did, that Mr. Mueller would pull together an unbiased team. But, rather than wearing stripes as umpires and referees might wear, I would submit that the Mueller team overwhelmingly, uh, oughta be attired with Democratic donkeys on their jerseys or  I m with Hillary  t-shirts, certainly not with  Let s Make America Great Again and I think that s a shame. Because I think the American people deserve a lot better than the very biased team they re getting under Robert Mueller. And I think it s really sad. Things get awkwardly amusing at the 50 minute mark WATCH: READ MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire RussiaGate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22715,Palestinian Protesters Attack US Embassy in Lebanon,"The US Embassy in Lebanon went on lock-down today after demonstrators gathered outside on Sunday morning, as Pro-Palestinian protesters showed their outrage over U.S. President Donald Trump s provocative decision to recognize illegally occupied Jerusalem as the Zionist entity s capital city. Evetns turned violent after protesters hurled projectiles at police, and also set fires to makeshift barricades erected on the street in front of the US Embassy secure compound, located north of Beirut, Lebanon.Protesters also reportedly burned US, Israeli flags and an effigy of US President Donald Trump.Later, angry protestors manged to pull down a portion of the front metal gates to the US Embassy.Lebanese security forces deployed tear gas and water cannons to try and repel angry mobs.Reuters reports: Late on Saturday Arab foreign ministers meeting in Cairo urged the United States to abandon its decision and said the move would spur violence throughout the region.Israel says that all of Jerusalem is its capital. Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capital of a future independent state.Most countries consider East Jerusalem, which Israel annexed after capturing it in a 1967 war, to be occupied territory and say the status of the city should be left to be decided at future Israeli-Palestinian talks.The government of Lebanon, which hosts about 450,000 Palestinian refugees, has condemned Trump s decision. Lebanese President Michel Aoun last week called the move a threat to regional stability.The powerful Iran-backed Lebanese Shi ite group Hezbollah on Thursday said it backed calls for a new Palestinian uprising against Israel in response to the U.S. decision.Hezbollah leader Sayyed Hassan Nasrallah also called for a protest against the decision in the Hezbollah-controlled southern suburbs of Beirut on Monday. STAY TUNED FOR UPDATESREAD MORE PALESTINE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Palestine FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22716,"Charlie Manson, Serial Killers, LSD, Hippie Culture, Cults and Bitcoin Explosion – Boiler Room EP #138","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Andy Nowicki of the Nameless Podcast,  and Randy J (ACR & 21WIRE contributor) and the rest of the boiler gang for the hundred and thirty eighth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is having a barstool discussion about Charlie Manson, serial killers, LSD, Hippie culture, Cults, Dave McGowan and the Bitcoin value skyrocketing at the end of 2017.Direct Download Episode #138 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22717,"Trump Team Didn’t Just Collude with Israel, Kushner was Acting as Foreign Agent for Tel Aviv","Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireMuch was made this week in the US media about Michael Flynn s recent guilty plea to making false statements to the FBI, as part of Special Counsel Robert Mueller s never-ending  Russia probe.  Beyond the political window dressing however, there s a much bigger and more profound story lingering in the background. Although court documents show Flynn has admitted to giving false statements in reference to his  reaching out  to Russia s ambassador to the US, Sergey Kislyak   the mere act of initiating contact with any foreign official is neither illegal nor is it a violation of ethics. Putting the current Red Scare aside, this would normally be viewed as standard statecraft for members of any incoming US administration. Even if Flynn had promised the Russian Ambassador, as claimed this week by Resistance leader Rep. Elijah E. Cummings of Maryland, that a Trump government would  rip-up sanctions,  such a promise by Flynn would not be unlawful. Anyone can make a promise, we should point out here that neither Flynn, nor Donald Trump would be in any position to make good on such a promise without the blessing of the US Congress and Senate. Just look at what happened when Trump took office. Were any sanctions lifted?That said, after 18 months of fabricating fake news about Russian hacking, Russian meddling and Russian collusion, it s not surprising that the New York Times would get the Flynn story wrong too, and on an even bigger scale than many of their past made-up stories about Trump scandals. Here we have yet another hand-wringing Resistance writer, Harry Litman, claiming that Flynn s testimony will go down in history next to Watergate and Iran-Contra: The repercussions of the plea will be months in the making, but it s not an exaggeration to say that the events to which Mr. Flynn has agreed to testify will take their place in the history books alongside the Watergate and Iran-contra scandals. He might be right, if only the media coverage and the federal hearing would focus on the correct country with whom the Trump team was colluding, which unfortunately was not Russia. Funny how partisan writer Litman did not even mention the word Israel once in his report. Perhaps this is why certain persons in Washington like Adam Schiff, Chuck Schumer, John McCain and others, along with their corrupt media counterparts like CNN, the Washington Post and the New York Times have been incessantly pushing their fictional  Russia did it  narrative for the last 18 months   because Russiagate serves as a convenient overlay for Israelgate.Mehdi Hassan from The Intercept writes:  Why aren t more members of Congress or the media discussing the Trump transition team s pretty brazen collusion with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to undermine both U.S. government policy and international law? Shouldn t that be treated as a major scandal? Thanks to Mueller s ongoing investigation, we now know that prior to President Donald Trump s inauguration, members of his inner circle went to bat on behalf of Israel, and specifically on behalf of illegal Israeli settlements in the occupied Palestinian territories, behind the scenes and in opposition to official U.S. foreign policy. That s the kind of collusion with a foreign state that has gotten a lot of attention with respect to the Kremlin   but colluding with Israel seems to be of far less interest, strangely. Yes, you heard that right. This was at minimum collusion with Israel. But it goes much deeper than that. If this story is accurate, and we have every reason to believe it is (especially by the large silence in the American media, usually a positive indication of media avoidance), this would indicate that the then President-elect s close advisor and son-in-law, Jared Kushner, was clearly acting as a foreign agent   on behalf of the state of Israel. The fact the US media are not taking this story more seriously should serve as a reminder as to how much power the Israeli Lobby wields in the US, not just over politicians, but over mainstream media as well. Granted, this is a very serious charge   which comes with some serious consequences if Kushner would ever be indicted, but the facts clearly demonstrate beyond any reasonable doubt, that then President-elect s son-in-law was using his proximity to the incoming Commander and Chief to execute a series of highly sensitive foreign policy maneuvers at the request of a foreign country.The history of Israeli spying and outright meddling in US affairs is no secret to anyone willing to research it (unofficially a forbidden topic in US mainstream media), but this latest episode with Trump and Kushner is even more disturbing considering this week s controversial East Jerusalem announcement (21WIRE warned about an East Jerusalem provocation 12 months ago).Beyond this, many will argue that the radical fundamentalist Zionist agenda which Kushner is aggressively pursuing on behalf of Tel Aviv is not in the interest of the wider Middle East, nor is it good for America s European partners, and may even contribute to a further destablization of the region   as evidenced by recent violence which has erupted following Trump s provocative move. The result is not necessarily in America s interests, even if it is certainly in Israel s interests.Author Mehdi Hassan continues:Here s what we learned last week when Mueller s team unveiled its plea deal with Trump s former national security adviser, retired Gen. Michael Flynn. In December 2016, the United Nations Security Council was debating a draft resolution that condemned Israeli settlement expansion in the occupied territories as a  flagrant violation under international law  that was  dangerously imperiling the viability  of an independent Palestinian state.The Obama administration had made it clear that the U.S. was planning to abstain on the resolution, while noting that  the settlements have no legal validity  and observing how  the settlement problem has gotten so much worse that it is now putting at risk the   two-state solution.  (Rhetorically, at least, U.S. opposition to Israeli settlements has been a long-standing and bipartisan position for decades: Ronald Reagan called for  a real settlement freeze  in 1982 while George H.W. Bush tried to curb Israeli settlement-building plans by briefly cutting off U.S. loan guarantees to the Jewish state in 1991.)Everyone expected that the upcoming UN vote on illegal Israeli settlements was going to be a divisive issue, but with only weeks before Trump s fast approaching inauguration, Israel had its trojan horse in position. Hassan goes on to explain Tel Aviv s covert mechanism for manipulating the UN vote: On or about December 22, 2016, a very senior member of the Presidential Transition Team directed Flynn to contact officials from foreign governments, including Russia, to learn where each government stood on the resolution and to influence those governments to delay the vote or defeat the resolution,  reads the statement of offense against Flynn, who pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI about his conversations with the Russian ambassador to the U.S.  On or about December 22, 2016, Flynn contacted the Russian Ambassador about the pending vote. Flynn informed the Russian Ambassador about the incoming administration s opposition to the resolution, and requested that Russia vote against or delay the resolution. BFFs: Donald Trump talks to his chief foreign policy advisor, Israeli president Benjamin Netanyahu.So who was this very senior member of Trump s team who sought to execute orders from the office of Israeli President Benjamin Netanyahu? Hassan explains:Who was the  very senior member  of the transition team who  directed  Flynn to do all this? Multiple news outlets have confirmed that it was Jared Kushner, Trump s son-in-law and main point man on the Middle East peace process.  Jared called Flynn and told him you need to get on the phone to every member of the Security Council and tell them to delay the vote,  a Trump transition official revealed to BuzzFeed News on Friday, adding that Kushner told Flynn  this was a top priority for the president. According to BuzzFeed:  After hanging up, Flynn told the entire room [at the Trump transition team HQ] that they d have to start pushing to lobby against the U.N. vote, saying  the president wants this done ASAP.  Flynn s guilty plea, BuzzFeed continued, revealed  for the first time how Trump transition officials solicited Russia s help to head off the UN vote and undermine the Obama administration s policy on Middle East peace before ever setting foot in the White House. Even during the height of the Neocon era, with multiple Israeli loyalists in the cabinet (including some dual passport holders) shaping White House Middle East policy   ultimately into a ditch with Iraq, the level of manipulation wasn t this overt. Trump s decision to reverse successive US administrations  new policy on East Jerusalem is inconceivable, if not for some other x-factor which the PNAC-dominated George W. Bush could not even manage.The facts of the case against Kushner have not been contested, and in fact Kushner has even been gloating out on the speaking circuit, with his doting wife Ivanka proudly advertizing her husband s  accomplishment  on behalf Israel.My husband, Jared Kushner, had a great conversation on the Middle East with Haim Saban today at the Saban Forum. #Saban17https://t.co/BUbGfd1YNr  Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) December 4, 2017 None of this has been contested. In fact, on Sunday, Kushner made a rare public appearance at the Saban Forum in Washington, D.C., to discuss the Trump administration s plans for the Middle East and was welcomed by the forum s sponsor, the Israeli-American billionaire Haim Saban, who said he  personally wanted to thank  Kushner for  taking steps to try and get the United Nations Security Council to not go along with what ended up being an abstention by the U.S.  Kushner s response? The first son-in-law smiled, nodded, and mouthed  thank you  to Saban.Meanwhile, the Israelis have been pretty forthcoming about their own role in all of this, too. On Monday, Ron Dermer, Israel s ambassador to the U.S. and a close friend and ally of Netanyahu, told Politico s Susan Glasser that, in December 2016,  obviously we reached out to [the Trump transition team] in the hope that they would help us,  and  we were hopeful that they would speak  to other governments  in order to prevent this vote from happening. Got that? The Trump transition team   in the form of key Trump advisers Kushner and Flynn   reached out to the Russian government in order to undermine the U.S. government because the Israeli government asked them to. According to these reports, Kushner was using his position in the transition team to act on Israel s behalf   outside of any governmental framework of accountability. If Flynn inadvertently found himself in a Russian trap, it was because Israel and its in-house operative demanded it.If Flynn is guilty of anything, it would be going along with Kushner s Israel First scheme ahead of the United Nations vote. What is odd though, is why the entire US mainstream media is not interested in this part of the story. Even the Never Trump  Resistance  seem to be afraid of taking this narrative on. I guess even the Resistance has its limits. Rather than go for a case where the evidence is sitting right there on a silver salver, instead they will go for the Russian conspiracy theory. Alas, old habits die hard.SEE ALSO: The Genealogy of Trump s U-Turn on PalestineThis series of events is all the more pertinent when considering this week s announcement by President Trump that the US is to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel, and will be moving its embassy from Tel Aviv to East Jerusalem. Many are already calling this  the kiss of death  to the Israel-Palestine peace process. In a predictable succession of events, the Jerusalem provocation was a fait accompli after Trump had announced in October that the US would be withdrawing from support for UNESCO, the UN body which is meant to help maintain the neutrality of Jerusalem as an internationally protected area. The Trump administration justified its resignation from the key UN agency on the grounds that it is  biased against Israel.  But the neutrality of Jerusalem is an essential policy for maintaining peace in a less than ideal situation with Palestine still under a brutal military occupation by an illegitimate and illegal (by international law and successive UN Resolutions) Israeli jackboot.In addition to all this, this past summer the United States announced the establishment of a permanent military installation inside of Israel. What s scary is how many people do not know this has happened.So Trump s  minence grise, the wunderkind, who some people have called the President In-Law, is really Israel s man inside the White House.Landed on his feet:  President In-law  Jared Kushner.So what exactly are Jared Kushner s credentials in international relations and diplomacy that he has been charged with negotiating Middle East affairs for the United States of America? Without sounding too cruel here, it s difficult to find anything to say in his defense. In the end, his only visible qualification is that he s married to the President s daughter, and that s he s  a good friend  of Netanyahu. That s really it.Credit where credit s due though. Aside from marrying into the dynasty, Kushner is also the former owner of a mediocre website, The New York Observer, and has also managed to parlay his family status to help finance a number of high-profile New York City property deals with foreign buyers (no doubt with the help of his father-in-law).Isn t that what Kushner is doing right now   using his inherited clout to help  close friend  Benjamin Netanyahu broker property deals (highly illegal by international law) in the Middle East, only this time with his Uncle Sam acting as the guarantor? It certainly looks that way. The question is, will anyone in the US do anything about it?When this latest episode of hubris by the White House and Israel eventually unravels, the public and the media might then turn on Kushner and Trump, but by then the damage will have already been done.Meanwhile, men like Jake Tapper and Wolf Blitzer will still be chasing those illusive Russian hackers clear into the 2020 election cycle, which is probably a stupid move for the Resistance, but if the last 18 months have taught us anything it s that there isn t much clear thinking going on in that corner of the galaxy.Until then, Netanyahu can feel safe in the knowledge that Israel, not Washington, is currently in control of US foreign policy.One final note to the brave Never-Trump Resistance: if a foreign state actor is blackmailing this President or the White House, it s probably not Russia.*** Author Patrick Henningsen is an American writer and global affairs analyst and founder of independent news and analysis site 21st Century Wire, and is host of the SUNDAY WIRE weekly radio show broadcast globally over the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR). He has written for a number of international publications and has done extensive on-the-ground reporting of the conflict Syria, Iraq and the Middle East.READ MORE ISRAEL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Israel FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22718,CIA’s Pompeo: ‘Assange Shouldn’t Be Confident of Protecting WikiLeaks Sources’,"CIA appointed head Mike Pompeo is now ready to disregard basic press freedoms enshrined in the US Constitution.As the press speculate this week over the imminent exit of Mike Pompeo from Langley to Foggy Bottom, Donald Trump s outgoing CIA head appears to be determined to do as much damage as possible to the US Constitution.This latest reckless power-grab by the CIA is not just about  getting Wikileaks    this is about requiring all media outlets to divulge their sources in the interests of  national security. DCIA Pompeo: WikiLeaks may think they are protecting those who provide them with classified information & other secrets, but they should not be certain of that.#RNDF  CIA (@CIA) December 3, 2017RT International reports CIA Director Mike Pompeo said he won t tolerate secrets purloined by the CIA being stolen from the agency, and warned WikiLeaks to be more careful about protecting its sources.The CIA s official Twitter account tweeted Pompeo s comments about the whistleblowing site from an interview he gave at the Reagan National Defense Forum Saturday.Stealing Secrets I never miss an opportunity when I m with my officers to tell them the last thing we can tolerate is to have a secret that we ve stole re-stolen,  Pompeo told moderator Brett Baier at the Los Angeles event.READ MORE: WikiLeaks publishes #Vault7:  Entire hacking capacity of the CIA It is simply unacceptable. It is our duty to protect them,  he added.  It is our duty to go after those who stole them, and to prosecute them within the bounds of the law in every way that we can. Mike Pompeo leads the Deep State crusade to destroy Assange and Wikileaks.Pompeo s comments come nine months after WikiLeaks began releasing Vault7, a massive trove of classified CIA documents purportedly detailing the agency s hacking capabilities. The documents include reports of the agency s arsenal of malware and tech exploits, as well as its methods of infiltrating smartphones, TVs and laptops.The CIA is believed to have lost control of this arsenal before WikiLeaks obtained it. The hacking capabilities were doing the rounds among government hackers, one of whom provided WikiLeaks with the collection, the whistleblowing site explained. According to WikiLeaks, the Vault7 source wanted to  initiate a public debate about the security, creation, use, proliferation and democratic control of cyberweapons. Some of the biggest revelations in Vault7 were the CIA s ability to mask its hacking exploits to make them appear to be the work of other countries, namely Russia, China and Iran. It has raised questions about security firm Crowdstrike linking the Democratic National Committee email hack to Russian hackers.READ MORE: #Vault7: WikiLeaks reveals  Marble  tool could mask CIA hacks with Russian, Chinese, ArabicWikileaks Sources  I sometimes hear comments from WikiLeaks and Mr Assange thinking that those who have provided him classified information are safe and secure,  Pompeo said.  He ought to be a bit less confident about that, because we re going to go figure out how to protect this information. We owe it to the American people and our officers who dedicated to it. Just to be clear, WikiLeaks is a national security threat in your eyes?  Baier asked Pompeo.  Yes. You can go no further than the release of documents by [Chelsea] Manning to see the risk that it presents to the United States of America,  the CIA chief responded.Pompeo was referring to US Army whistleblower Chelsea Manning, who released hundreds of thousands of documents from the military along with diplomatic cables to WikiLeaks in 2010.While the release revealed the extent of civilian casualties in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, and included reports from Guantanamo Bay and the infamous Collateral Murder video depicting a US helicopter attack killing two Reuters employees and injuring two children, a 2011 Department of Defense report published in June found the disclosure had no significant effect on US interests.Pompeo has emerged as a staunch critic of WikiLeaks since becoming head of the CIA, describing the organization as a  hostile intelligence agency,  and dubbing Assange a  narcissist  and a  fraud. This is a departure from his position when he was a Kansas congressman and was tweeting about the WikiLeaks  DNC email release.Tweet sent by CIA Director Mike Pompeo on 24 July 2016 https://t.co/sTMHw2nvOG pic.twitter.com/Qd0mYRl5QF  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) April 13, 2017The annual RNDF event has been dubbed  the Davos of defense.  Speakers at this year s event include former CIA head Leon Panetta, national security advisor HR McMaster and a number of congressmen and representatives from defense corporations like Lockheed Martin. 21st Century Wire says: Based on his views during the election, and now his views as CIA director   it seems that Mike Pompeo is a hypocrite who loved Wikileaks when it served his own political interests, but now would like to destroy it to protect the interests of the Deep State.SEE MORE WIKILEAKS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Wikileaks FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22719,ABC News Suspend Anchor Brian Ross Over Fake News Report on Trump-Flynn ‘Russian Collusion’,"After 18 months of rampant speculation over Trump and  Russian collusion  and alleged  Russian hacking  in the 2016 election, in a cloud of non-stop, 24/7 fake news being generated by CNN, ABC, NBC, CBS, Washington Post, New York Times, LA Times, as well as notorious MSM fake news outsourcing agencies like The Daily Beast   the Never Trump Resistance has yet to present a single item of evidence to justify their year and a half-long political witch hunt.In this sea of delusion, there are still a number of desperate media persons who are willing to punt on a contrived plot or narrative   hoping that theirs will be  the one  to finally nail the embattled President on grounds for impeachment beyond a reasonable doubt. Already a number of mainstream journalists, including three reporters from CNN, have been fired or let go as networks are now fear legal repercussions from their new normalized practice of lying and inventing plots about the White House and  Russian meddling. This week saw another high-profile casualty, ABC s Chief Investigative Correspondent Brian Ross, as the  resistance  continues to launch blind media attacks on the President.On Saturday, ABC News executives announced that star anchor Ross would be suspended for one month without pay over an alleged  botched   exclusive  implicating former national security adviser Michael Flynn.Clueless: ABC s Chief Investigative Correspondent Brian Ross.During Ross s live  special report , an invented story-line was fed to a clueless Ross which claimed that Flynn would testify that Donald Trump had  ordered him  to make contact with Russians about foreign policy   while Trump was still a candidate in the general election.According to FOX News, the fake news report  raised the specter of Trump s impeachment and sent the stock market plummeting. Later in the day, ABC issued a  clarification  to Ross s report, saying that Trump s alleged directive came after he d been elected president. Ross himself appeared on  World News Tonight,  several hours after the initial report, to clarify his error.Afterwards, ABC News tried to justify the fake news release, claiming that Ross  report  had not been fully vetted through our editorial standards process. Clearly, Ross took one for the team (The Resistance) here, as anyone who works in media will know. He would have been fed the bogus report by news producers, before doing what mainstream media news anchors do everyday of their careers   unwittingly reading whatever words are scrolling down his teleprompter.ABC News statement went on to try and gloss over their fake news report saying,  It is vital we get the story right and retain the trust we have built with our audience. News officials then sounded even more ridiculous as they scrambled to pave-over their propaganda practices claiming that,  These are our core principles. We fell far short of that yesterday. What s clear from this story is that when it comes to all things Trump and Russia, the US mainstream media feel they are within their right to dispense with all normal journalistic standards so long as the story falls in line with a specific political agenda.Unfortunately, this is just one more reason to always be cautious when trusting watching mainstream media reporting of any any major news event.READ MORE ABOUT MAINSTREAM FAKE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Fake News FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22720,US Thanksgiving Guide: How to Celebrate a Sordid and Genocidal History," Table set for thanksgiving in Siem Reap. (Photo: Andre Vltchek)Andre Vltchek NEOA table was set up for two, an advertisement table, a table with a photo of a giant turkey, two elegant plates, and a U.S. flag sticking out into the air. Thanksgiving at Angkor Royal Cafe , a flier read. And:  23rd November  Join us for a traditional Thanksgiving Feast .This was at one of the international hotels in Siem Reap, a Cambodian city near the world architectural treasures of Angkor Wat and the ancient Khmer capital, Angkor Thom.The same day I read an email sent to me from the United States, by my Native American friends, with a link to an essay published by MPN News, called  Thanksgiving Guide: How to Celebrate a Sordid History . It began with a summary: While millions of Americans prepare this week to get into the holiday spirit, beginning with Thanksgiving, how many are prepared to view the day through an accurate lens? While to many Americans the holiday serves as a reminder to give thanks, it is seen as a day of mourning by countless of others. The truth is: European migrants brutally murdered Native Americans, stole their land, and continue to do so today . The day became an official day of festivities in 1637, to celebrate the massacre of over 700 people from the Pequot Tribe.In a hotel, I approached a cheerful French food and beverage manager and asked him whether he was aware of what he was suggesting should be celebrated in one of his restaurants? Oh I know I know,  he replied, laughing.  It is a little bit controversial, isn t it? Bit controversial?  I wondered.  It appears more like you are inviting people to celebrate genocide, a holocaust, with free flowing wine and a giant turkey. I am trying to see things positively,  he continued grinning at me. Then he summarized:  So I guess you won t be joining us tonight? What a pity What a pity,  I thought,  what a pity.  I won t get to eat that famous American pie tonight and turkey and who knows what else, just because I am not eager at all to celebrate the massacres and land grabs perpetrated by the Empire.The manager couldn t help asking:  Where are you from? I knew he would ask. No European would say what I was saying. I m Russian,  I replied. Oh I see,  he gave me that  I should have guessed smile . Russian-American,  I added.I m convinced that the French manager has been sincerely oblivious about what I was stating. He is supposed to be oblivious. There are, after all,  our genocides , and  the genocides of the others .  Our genocides , those that we triggered or committed, should never be discussed. Or more precisely, it is extremely impolite to discuss them. Most of the people don t even know about them, including many of the victims. On the other hand, the genocides committed by the others, particularly by adversaries of the West, are widely discussed, publicized, analyzed, inflated and very often even fabricated (All this described in detail in my 840-page book  Exposing Lies Of The Empire ).Cambodia is the textbook case of the latter. Here, several decades ago, the U.S. and its allies first supported the hopelessly corrupt and brutal government in Phnom Penh, while triggering a monstrous carpet-bombing campaign of the Cambodian countryside, mainly near the border with Vietnam. This was supposed to prevent the country from  going Communist , or at least  Ho Chi Minh style Communist . Hundreds of thousands of villagers were murdered by the bombing. Millions were forced to hit the road, leaving their dwellings, as the countryside was converted into a giant minefield, covered by unexploded ordnance.Further hundreds of thousands died from starvation and diseases. Furious, mad from suffering, the people of Cambodia rose against the collaborators with the West in Phnom Penh. Pol Pot and his Khmer Rouge took the capital virtually unopposed. Recently, deep in the jungle, I spoke to the former Pol Pot s personal guards. I asked them point-blank whether they knew anything about Communism.  Nothing at all,  I was told.  The U.S. was murdering our families, for no reason. Corrupt elites were selling the country to the West. We were all outraged, and ready for revenge. We would follow anybody calling for revenge.  However, the West is passing the events, to this day, as a  Communist genocide .Rwanda is yet another  case  of a twisted narrative. I made an entire full-length documentary film   Rwanda Gambit   on the subject. There, the West turned the history upside down, reducing the entire tragedy into a primitive and easy-to-digest narrative of bad Hutus killing good Tutsis. Yet even the former U.S. ambassador Robert Flatten told me that his country groomed, armed and supported the deadly RPF, mainly Tutsi army, which had been, before 1994, raiding the Rwandan countryside from neighboring Uganda, burning villages and killing civilians.While a former Australian lawyer and U.N. investigator, Michael Hourigan, supplied me with information about the downing of the plane, which, in April 1994, killed both the Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana and Burundian President Cyprien Ntaryamira, while on the final approach to Kigali airport. The orders to shoot down the plane were given by the RPF leader Paul Kagame, who was in turn sponsored by the West. This event triggered the terrible bloodletting on 1994. The next year, in 1995, the Rwandan army entered the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and participated in the killing of at least 9 million people, mainly civilians, on behalf of Western governments and multi-national companies, making it the worst crime against humanity in recent history.In fact, almost all the major genocides committed by the West or its allies in modern history, are  silent ones , including those in Iraq, Syria, Iran, West Papua, East Timor, DRC, Indonesia, Afghanistan, Angola, and dozens of other unfortunate places all over the world.The gruesome genocides committed by the West all over the world, during the last 2,000 but especially during the last 500 years, are never defined as such; never as  genocides . Throughout history, European countries have been destroying, systematically, most of the cultures on all continents of the Planet, enslaving virtually all the non-white nations, plundering and looting its colonies (read: almost all the non-white nations of the world), while exterminating hundreds of millions of men, women and children. The death toll has been rising, accumulating, to near 1 billion, according to the testimony of one of my friends, a senior U.N. statistician.I will return to the  Cambodian story  soon, on the pages of this magazine. And I will be returning, again and again, to the genocides committed by Europe and North America, virtually everywhere. Unless the history is understood and acknowledged, the world has no future, and there can be no solutions to the terrible problems that our humanity is facing.But for now, let me conclude this brief essay by saying that I did not participate in the consumption of turkey and American pies on Thanksgiving holiday, in the Cambodian city of Seam Reap.My thoughts went to those 700 people from the Pequot Tribe who rebelled, stood firm and died for freedom, almost 400 years ago. These were some of the first fighters against Western imperialism. These were the  Americans  that I admire, this is America that had been terribly damaged but not yet completely destroyed. No overly sugary, sentimental and empty words could fully choke its essence, as no gluttony and food orgies could ever fully silence the screams of the pain of those who died in the hands of the European invaders, during and after the conquest of what has been so cynically christened as the  New World .***Andre Vltchek is a philosopher, novelist, filmmaker and investigative journalist. He has covered wars and conflicts in dozens of countries. Three of his latest books are his tribute to  The Great October Socialist Revolution  a revolutionary novel  Aurora  and a bestselling work of political non-fiction:  Exposing Lies Of The Empire . View his other books here. Watch Rwanda Gambit, his groundbreaking documentary about Rwanda and DRCongo and his film/dialogue with Noam Chomsky  On Western Terrorism . Vltchek presently resides in East Asia and the Middle East, and continues to work around the world. He can be reached through his website and his Twitter.SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22721,"Digisexual Robot Pimps, Swamp Chess, Hollywood & DC Cannibalism: Boiler Room EP #137","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Andy Nowicki of the Nameless Podcast,  Fvnk$oul and Randy J (ACR & 21WIRE hosts, DJs & contributors) and the rest of the boiler gang for the hundred and thirty seventh episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is having a fireside-chat regarding the latest grinding of gears in the political, social (engineering) and media machines.Direct Download Episode #137 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22722,U.S. State Dept. Spox: ‘Everybody wants Assad out five years ago’,"21st Century Wire says At Tuesday s U.S. State Department briefing, spokesperson Heather Nauert, once again, displayed her servitude to Washington s geopolitical agenda in Syria.Watch as Nauert, in an overly assuming and flippant style, proclaims how  everybody in this room and in this building wants Assad out five years ago  in her exchange with NBC News correspondent Andrea Mitchell. The sheer audacity begins at the 39 minute mark. This is all just more scripted servitude from U.S. State Department talking heads on the topic of Syria   as Washington s war plan there continues to crumble. READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22723,Facebook’s New ‘Proactive’ AI to Scan Posts for Suicidal Thoughts,"21st Century Wire says Facebook is rolling out its latest artificial intelligence bot with the hope that the software will save lives, according to CEO Mark Zuckerberg. The social media juggernaut will use a special algorithm to flag posts that fit a certain pattern, then route them to a human being that can escalate early intervention.The idea of  proactive detection  can be a slippery slope. What else are these Facebook bots flagging, and who else is mining that information?Read more at TechCrunch READ MORE AI NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire AI FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22724,Repeat Deceit: How US Tries to Link Iran to Al Qaeda,"When it comes to interpreting current events, no one does official conspiracy theories like the Unite States.For years, Washington has tried to promulgate a propaganda campaign which tries to somehow link al Qaeda to Iran, or ISIS to Iran. For the mentally-challenged members of the right-wing media in the US, this isn t a massive feat, as a large segment of that audience cannot even locate Iran on a global map. There is also the issue of US warhawks like Lindsey Graham and John McCain being proven pathological liars   who will say anything regardless of whether it s based in actual fact. All of this contributes to a number of shallow, creative narratives which continuously circulate between FOX News, The Atlantic Magazine, Tel Aviv, Riyadh and the US Senate.And just like the US and UK mainstream media s coverage of Syria, the deep throat  source  in this dossier is  al Qaeda.This latest chapter in the US fantasy world of Iranian intrigue attempts to further the Israeli-favoured mythology, blaming Iran for all of the region s woes. Make no mistake: the American neoconservative wing and their Israeli benefactors are determined to invent new conditions for war with Iran  IMAGE: Bush s  al Qaeda No.2 Guy  Abu Musab al ZarqawiGareth Porter The American Conservative For many years, major U.S. institutions ranging from the Pentagon to the 9/11 Commission have been pushing the line that Iran secretly cooperated with Al Qaeda both before and after the 9/11 terror attacks. But the evidence for those claims remained either secret or sketchy, and always highly questionable.In early November, however, the mainstream media claimed to have its  smoking gun    a CIA document written by an unidentified Al Qaeda official and released in conjunction with 47,000 never-before-seen documents seized from Osama bin Laden s house in Abbottabad, Pakistan.The Associated Press reported that the Al Qaeda document  appears to bolster U.S. claims that Iran supported the extremist network leading up to the September 11 terror attacks.  The Wall Street Journal said the document  provides new insights into Al Qaeda s relationship with Iran, suggesting a pragmatic alliance that emerged out of shared hatred of the United States and Saudi Arabia. NBC News wrote that the document reveals that,  at various points in the relationship   Iran offered Al Qaeda help in the form of  money, arms  and  training in Hezbollah camps in Lebanon in exchange for striking American interests in the Gulf,  implying that Al Qaeda had declined the offer.Former Obama National Security Council spokesman Ned Price, writing for The Atlantic, went even further, asserting that the document includes an account of  a deal with Iranian authorities to host and train Saudi-Al Qaeda members as long as they have agreed to plot against their common enemy, American interests in the Gulf region. But none of those media reports were based on any careful reading of the document s contents. The 19-page Arabic-language document, which was translated in full for The American Conservative, doesn t support the media narrative of new evidence of Iran-Al Qaeda cooperation, either before or after 9/11, at all.It provides no evidence whatsoever of tangible Iranian assistance to Al Qaeda. On the contrary, it confirms previous evidence that Iranian authorities quickly rounded up those Al Qaeda operatives living in the country when they were able to track them down, and held them in isolation to prevent any further contact with Al Qaeda units outside Iran.Taken by SurpriseWhat it shows is that the Al Qaeda operatives were led to believe Iran was friendly to their cause and were quite taken by surprise when their people were arrested in two waves in late 2002. It suggests that Iran had played them, gaining the fighters  trust while maximizing intelligence regarding Al Qaeda s presence in Iran.Nevertheless, this account, which appears to have been written by a mid-level Al Qaeda cadre in 2007, appears to bolster an internal Al Qaeda narrative that the terror group rejected Iranian blandishments and were wary of what they saw as untrustworthiness on the part of the Iranians. The author asserts the Iranians offered Saudi Al Qaeda members who had entered the country  money and arms, anything they need, and training with Hezbollah in exchange for hitting American interests in Saudi Arabia and the Gulf. But there is no word about whether any Iranian arms or money were ever actually given to Al Qaeda fighters. And the author acknowledges that the Saudis in question were among those who had been deported during sweeping arrests, casting doubt over whether there was ever any deal in the offing.The author suggests Al Qaeda rejected Iranian assistance on principle. We don t need them,  he insisted.  Thanks to God, we can do without them, and nothing can come from them but evil. That theme is obviously important to maintaining organizational identity and morale. But later in the document, the author expresses deep bitterness about what they obviously felt was Iranian double-dealing in 2002 to 2003. They are ready to play-act,  he writes of the Iranians.  Their religion is lies and keeping quiet. And usually they show what is contrary to what is in their mind  . It is hereditary with them, deep in their character. The author recalls that Al Qaeda operatives were ordered to move to Iran in March 2002, three months after they had left Afghanistan for Waziristan or elsewhere in Pakistan (the document, by the way, says nothing of any activity in Iran before 9/11). He acknowledges that most of his cadres entered Iran illegally, although some of them obtained visas from the Iranian consulate in Karachi.Among the latter was Abu Hafs al Mauritani, an Islamic scholar who was ordered by the leadership shura in Pakistan to seek Iranian permission for Al Qaeda fighters and families to pass through Iran or to stay there for an extended period. He was accompanied by middle- and lower-ranking cadres, including some who worked for Abu Musab al Zarqawi. The account clearly suggests that Zarqawi himself had remained in hiding after entering Iran illegally.Strict ConditionsAbu Hafs al Mauratani did reach an understanding with Iran, according to the Al Qaeda account, but it had nothing to do with providing arms or money. It was a deal that allowed them to remain for some period or to pass through the country, but only on the condition that they observe very strict security conditions: no meetings, no use of cell phones, no movements that would attract attention. The account attributes those restrictions to Iranian fears of U.S. retribution   which was undoubtedly part of the motivation. But it is clear Iran viewed Al Qaeda as an extremist Salafist security threat to itself as well.Most of the Al Qaeda visitors, according to the Al Qaeda document, settled in Zahedan, the capital of Sistan and Baluchistan Province where the majority of the population are Sunnis and speak Baluchi. They generally violated the security restrictions imposed by the Iranians. They established links with the Baluchis   who he notes were also Salafists   and began holding meetings. Some of them even made direct contact by phone with Salafist militants in Chechnya, where a conflict was rapidly spiraling out of control. Saif al-Adel, one of the leading Al Qaeda figures in Iran at the time, later revealed that the Al Qaeda fighting contingent under Abu Musab al Zarqawi s command immediately began reorganizing to return to Afghanistan.Waves of ArrestsThe first Iranian campaign to round up Al Qaeda personnel, which the author of the documents says was focused on Zahedan, came in May or June 2002   no more than three months after they have had entered Iran. Those arrested were either jailed or deported to their home countries. The Saudi Foreign Minister praised Iran in August for having transferred 16 Al Qaeda suspects to the Saudi government in June.In February 2003, Iranian security launched a new wave of arrests. This time they captured three major groups of Al Qaeda operatives in Tehran and Mashad, including Zarqawi and other top leaders in the country, according to the document. Saif al Adel later revealed in a post on a pro-Al Qaeda website in 2005 (reported in the Saudi-owned newspaper Asharq al-Awsat), that the Iranians had succeeded in capturing 80 percent of the group associated with Zarqawi, and that it had  caused the failure of 75 percent of our plan. The anonymous author writes that the initial Iran policy was to deport those arrested and that Zarqawi was allowed to go to Iraq (where he plotted attacks on Shia and coalition forces until his death in 2006). But then, he says, the policy suddenly changed and the Iranians stopped deportations, instead opting to keep the Al Qaeda senior leadership in custody presumably as bargaining chips. Yes, Iran deported 225 Al Qaeda suspects to other countries, including Saudi Arabia, in 2003. But the Al Qaeda leaders were held in Iran, not as bargaining chips, but under tight security to prevent them from communicating with the Al Qaeda networks elsewhere in the region, which Bush administration officials eventually acknowledged.After the arrests and imprisonment of senior al Qaeda figures, the Al Qaeda leadership became increasingly angry at Iran. In November 2008, unknown gunmen abducted an Iran consular official in Peshawar, Pakistan, and in July 2013, al Qaeda operatives in Yemen kidnapped an Iranian diplomat. In March 2015, Iran reportedly released five of the senior al Qaeda in prison, including Said al-Adel, in return for the release of the diplomat in Yemen.In a document taken from the Abbottabad compound and published by West Point s Counter-Terrorism Center in 2012, a senior Al Qaeda official wrote, We believe that our efforts, which included escalating a political and media campaign, the threats we made, the kidnapping of their friend the commercial counselor in the Iranian Consulate in Peshawar, and other reasons that scared them based on what they saw (we are capable of), to be among the reasons that led them to expedite (the release of these prisoners). There was a time when Iran did view Al Qaeda as an ally. It was during and immediately after the war of the mujahedin against Soviet troops in Afghanistan. That, of course, was the period when the CIA was backing bin Laden s efforts as well. But after the Taliban seized power in Kabul in 1996   and especially after Taliban troops killed 11 Iranian diplomats in Mazar-i-Sharif in 1998   the Iranian view of Al Qaeda changed fundamentally. Since then, Iran has clearly regarded it as an extreme sectarian terrorist organization and its sworn enemy. What has not changed is the determination of the U.S. national security state and the supporters of Israel to maintain the myth of an enduring Iranian support for Al Qaeda.Gareth Porter is an independent journalist and winner of the 2012 Gellhorn Prize for journalism. This article originally appeared at The American Conservative.READ MORE IRAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Iran NewsSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22725,"Meredith Corp. and Koch Money Buys Time Inc., ‘Left’ Goes Bonkers","21st Century Wire says News broke Sunday night that Meredith Corp., publisher of Better Homes & Gardens and other popular magazine brands, agreed to purchase all of Time Inc. s assets in a cash deal valued at $2.8 billion.Grabbing all the headlines is the $650 million investment from Koch Equity Development (KED). This is the private equity firm of Charles and David Koch, aka the  Koch Brothers. According to the company s official press release, KED will not have a seat on Meredith s board and  will have no influence on Meredith s editorial or managerial operations. Zero Hedge reports the deal gives  the conservative billionaires a stake in one of America s best-known publishers.  And that is what is giving the  Left  mainstream media nightmares and creating widespread panic and hysteria on social media:Great. The Koch brothers are about to be co-owners of TIME, Inc. How long til TIME, People and Sports Illustrated are pushing stories about how much better life would be if we canceled Social Security and Medicare?  Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) November 27, 2017It remains to be seen how the editorial of these publications will be affected by Koch money. When the news broke in 2013 that Amazon.com founder and Bilderberg member Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post, we started asking some questions at the time. We re starting to see how it will play out.What we do know thus far about the Meredith/Time news   all the crazed paranoia around this deal exposes, yet again, how the mainstream, corporate power media likes to think their version of mass media is so influential. At the same time, discounting the ability of everyday citizens to think for themselves, and not be spoon fed whatever gets pushed out through the echo chambers of many of these failing and lost print magazine empires.Let s not forget it was Time Magazine that started selling ad space on their covers shortly after they were spun off from Time Warner back in 2014.We thought this story by Bloomberg   Rothschild s Koch Connection Pays Off in Pursuit of Time Inc.    was an interesting angle.Watch this space READ MORE MEDIA CRITIQUE AT: 21st Century Wire Media Cog FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22726,Thanksgiving Day Fake News Turkey Shoot: Boiler Room – Special Holiday Event,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Fvnk$oul, Randy J, Patrick Henningsen, Infidel Pharaoh and Andy Nowicki for this special Thanksgiving holiday episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, get your ears on and enjoy some holiday festivities with the Boiler Room on ACR.*WARNING*   This special episode may contain, satire, comedy and ridiculous un-news events inspired by both the mainstream media and the  so-called  alternative media. Any similarities to actual persons or events is probably a big poke in the eye to a really lame media outlet  or maybe just a coincidence. Enjoy the show!Direct Download: Boiler Room Thanksgiving Day Fake News Turkey Shoot Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22727,DIGITAL TYRANNY: Google Will Make ‘Those Kinds of Sites’ Harder to Find,"21st Century Wire says This has been an ongoing project of the search giant, long in the making, and already underway. In fact, this website, 21stCenturyWire.com, has felt the impact of its content being  disappeared  in Google s search results   resulting in a drop of over 50% in our organic search query traffic since April.It s  those kinds of sites  like RT, Sputnik, 21WIRE and many others that are targets in the grand plan, as outlined here by Robert Parry of Consortium News: YOU DON T NEED A HUGE AMOUNT OF IMAGINATION  TO SEE HOW THIS COMBINATION OF MAINSTREAM  GROUPTHINK AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE COULD  CREATE AN ORWELLIAN FUTURE IN WHICH ONLY ONE  SIDE OF A STORY GETS TOLD AND THE OTHER SIDE  SIMPLY DISAPPEARS FROM VIEW. RTGoogle will  de-rank  RT articles to make them harder to find   Eric SchmidtEric Schmidt, the Executive Chairman of Google s parent company Alphabet, says the company will  engineer  specific algorithms for RT and Sputnik to make their articles less prominent on the search engine s news delivery services. We are working on detecting and de-ranking those kinds of sites   it s basically RT and Sputnik, Schmidt said during a Q & A session at the Halifax International Security Forum in Canada on Saturday, when asked about whether Google facilitates Russian propaganda. We are well of aware of it, and we are trying to engineer the systems to prevent that [the content being delivered to wide audiences]. But we don t want to ban the sites   that s not how we operate. The discussion focused on the company s popular Google News service, which clusters the news by stories, then ranks the various media outlets depending on their reach, article length and veracity, and Google Alerts, which proactively informs subscribers of new publications.RT has criticized the proposed move   whose timescale has not been publicized   as arbitrary and a form of censorship.Good to have Google on record as defying all logic and reason: facts aren t allowed if they come from RT,  because Russia    even if we have Google on Congressional record saying they ve found no manipulation of their platform or policy violations by RT, Sputnik and RT Editor-in-Chief Margarita Simonyan said in a statement.During the discussion, Schmidt claimed that he was very strongly not in favor of censorship, but said that he has faith in ranking without acknowledging if the system might serve the same function. Schmidt, who joined Google in 2001, said that the company s algorithm was capable of detecting repetitive, exploitative, false, and weaponized info, but did not elaborate on how these qualities were determined.The Alphabet chief, who has been referred to by Hillary Clinton as a longtime friend, added that the experience of the last year showed that audiences could not be trusted to distinguish fake and real news for themselves.Continue this story at RT READ MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sci-Tech FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22728,Exposing the Shakespearean tragedy of the “Russia Hacking” hoax,Sunday Wire host Patrick Henningsen delivers another blow to the  Resistance  exposing the Shakespearean tragedy of the  Russia Hacking  hoax and explains why Hillary Rodham Clinton might have very well been one of the worse presidential candidates in US history   as well as why it s wrong for US federal government to brand RT America as a  foreign agent.  Enjoy the rant READ MORE RUSSIA-GATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia-Gate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV,0
22729,History Lesson: America’s Renegade Warfare,"Nicolas J S Davies Consortium NewsSeventy-seven million people in North and South Korea find themselves directly in the line of fire from the threat of a Second Korean War. The rest of the world is recoiling in horror from the scale of civilian casualties such a war would cause and the unthinkable prospect that either side might actually use nuclear weapons.Since the first Korean War killed at least 20 percent of North Korea s population and left the country in ruins, the U.S. has repeatedly failed to follow through on diplomacy to establish a lasting peace in Korea and has instead kept reverting to illegal and terrifying threats of war. Most significantly, the U.S. has waged a relentless propaganda campaign to discount North Korea s legitimate defense concerns as it confronts the threat of a U.S. war machine that has only grown more dangerous since the last time it destroyed North Korea.The North has lived under this threat for 65 years and has watched Iraq and Libya destroyed after they gave up their nuclear weapons programs. When North Korea discovered a U.S. plan for a Second Korean War on South Korea s military computer network in September 2016, its leaders quite rationally concluded that a viable nuclear deterrent is the only way to guarantee their country s safety.What does it say about the role the U.S. is playing in the world that the only way North Korea s leaders believe they can keep their own people safe is to develop weapons that could kill millions of Americans?The Changing Face of WarThe Second World War was the deadliest war ever fought, with at least 75 million people killed, about five times as many as in the First World War. When the slaughter ended in 1945, world leaders signed the United Nations Charter to try to ensure that that scale of mass killing and destruction would never happen again. The U.N. Charter is still in force, and it explicitly prohibits the threat or use of military force by any nation.It was not just the scale of the slaughter that shocked the world s leaders into that brief moment of sanity in 1945. It was also the identities of the dead. Two-thirds of the people killed in the Second World War were civilians, a drastic change from the First World War, only a few decades earlier, when an estimated 86 percent of the people killed were uniformed combatants. The use of nuclear weapons by the United States raised the specter that future wars could kill an exponentially greater numbers of civilians, or even end human civilization altogether.War had become  total war,  no longer fought only on battlefields between soldiers, but between entire societies with ordinary people, their homes and their lives now on the front line. In the Second World War: Fleets of warplanes deliberately bombed cities to dehouse civilian populations, as British officials described their own bombing of Germany. As I write this,  George Orwell wrote from London in 1941,  Highly civilized human beings are flying overhead, trying to kill me. Submarines sank hundreds of merchant ships in an effort to starve their enemies into submission. General Carter Clarke, who was in charge of interpreting Japanese intelligence for President Truman, said in a 1959 interview that Japan surrendered because it faced mass starvation due to the sinking of its merchant shipping, not because of the gratuitous U.S. nuclear attacks on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. It was estimated that 7 million more civilians would die of starvation if Japan fought on until 1946. Genocidal mass extermination campaigns killed civilians based only on their political affiliation or ethnicity. Under cross-examination by a young American prosecutor, Benjamin Ferencz, SS Gruppenfuhrer Dr. Otto Ohlendorf explained patiently to a courtroom in Nuremberg why he found it necessary for the  preemptive defense  of Germany to order the killing of hundreds of thousands of civilians. He explained that even children had to be killed to prevent them too becoming enemies of Germany when they grew up and found out what happened to their parents.Despite the U.N. Charter and international efforts to prevent war, people in countries afflicted by war today still face the kind of total war that horrified world leaders in 1945. The main victims of total war in our  modern  world have been civilians in countries far removed from the safe havens of power and privilege where their fates are debated and decided: Yugoslavia; Afghanistan; Iraq; Somalia; Pakistan; Yemen; Libya; Syria; Ukraine. There has been no legal or political accountability for the mass destruction of their cities, their homes or their lives. Total war has not been prevented, or even punished, just externalized.But thanks to billions of dollars invested in military propaganda and public relations and the corrupt nature of for-profit media systems, citizens of the countries responsible for the killing of millions of their fellow human beings live in near-total ignorance of the mass killing carried out in their name in these  red zones  around the world.People in ever-spreading war zones are living under the very conditions of total war that the world recoiled from at the end of the Second World War. Like Orwell in London in 1941, they hear highly civilized human beings flying overhead trying to kill them, human beings who know nothing about them beyond the name of the city where they live and its strategic value in wars that offer them, the victims, nothing but death or destitution.In the case of drones, the human beings trying to kill them from the other side of the world are so highly civilized that they can hop into cars and drive home to have dinner with their families at the end of their shifts, while another  team member  efficiently takes over the  joy-stick  and carries on killing.People in Yemen, Syria, Iraq and Libya have been subjected to hunger and starvation under sieges and naval blockades that are as brutally effective as German and American submarines were in World War Two. Millions of people in Yemen face an imminent danger of starvation under the U.S.-backed naval blockade and Saudi and Emirati bombing of Yemeni ports.In retaliation for one missile fired at Riyadh, the Saudi capital, last week, the U.S.-backed coalition completely closed all Yemen s ports, tightening the blockade on millions of starving people. The requirements of necessity and proportionality, which have been basic principles of customary international law since the Nineteenth Century, lie buried in the graveyards of Iraq and Afghanistan.Continue this article at Consortium News READ MORE WAR ON TERROR NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire War on Terror FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22730,"Digital Tabloids, Narco-memes & The League of Shadows: Boiler Room EP #136","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Randy J, Andy Nowicki of the Nameless Podcast and the rest of the boiler gang for the hundred and thirty sixth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is having a fireside-chat regarding the latest grinding of gears in the political, social (engineering) and media machines.Direct Download Episode #136 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22731,"TEXAS CHURCH SHOOTER: Years Before ‘Soft Target’ Attack, Gunman Tried to Carry Out Death Threats on CIA Linked Air Force Base","Shawn Helton 21st Century Wire The gunman named in a mass shooting that was said to have killed 26 people at a small church outside of San Antonio was convicted by the military several years before the tragic attack in 2012. This past week new information concerning the apparent First Baptist Church gunman 26-year-old Devin Patrick Kelley, revealed that the previously convicted Air Force airman was already well-known to authorities via his  bad conduct discharge  from the military in 2012. The recent acknowledgement in Kelley s case history, coupled with his unusually relaxed plea bargain deal, has only prompted more questions from those concerned about the most recent high-profile mass shooting in America.According to officials, the Sutherland Springs shooting at the First Baptist Church may have been caused by a domestic dispute involving Kelley and his ex-mother-in-law Michelle Shields. However, it turns out that Shields was not present at church services on the morning of the mass shooting, although her mother was named as one of the victims.A more precise motive in the deadly Sutherland Springs massacre has yet to be uncovered by authorities   TEXAS CHURCH SHOOTING    8 years after the Fort Hood mass shooting, the First Baptist Church attack raises big questions. Its also worth noting, the recent church shooting echoes a scene in the 2015 Hollywood film Kingsman: The Secret Service. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)The Texas Church ShooterWhile many in media have focused on the military s inability to log Devin Patrick Kelley s domestic violence court-martial case into a federal database, a police report from 2012 revealed that the gunman named in the First Baptist Church shooting had been previously caught attempting to sneak firearms onto a CIA linked military base in New Mexico where he was stationed. The El Paso police report concluded that after Kelley escaped the mental health facility believed to be Peak Behavioral Health Services Center in Santa Teresa, he sought to carry out death threats against his superiors at New Mexico s Holloman Air Force base.A CBS Affiliate from Dallas further explained the church shooter s lengthy criminal background: The information was contained in a police incident report after Devin Patrick Kelley briefly escaped in June, 2012 from a mental health facility in New Mexico where he had been committed. KPRC television in Houston first reported about the escape. Police in El Paso, Texas, where Kelley was caught after the escape, said in the report that an official of the mental health facility told them that Kelley  was a danger to himself and others. The report says that Kelley had already been caught sneaking firearms onto Holloman Air Force base. It also says that he  was attempting to carry out death threats that (Kelley) had made on his military chain of command. Moreover, a FOX News report just days ago revealed additional information concerning Kelley s violent threats at Holloman Air Force base: Former Air Force Staff Sgt. Jessika Edwards told The New York Times that Kelley would shake with rage and vow to kill his superiors when he was assigned menial tasks as punishment for poor performance. At one point, Edwards told the Times, she warned others in the squadron to go easy on Kelley, believing he was likely to come back and  shoot up the place. Rather strangely, former Air Force Staff Sgt. Edwards still kept in close contact with the criminally convicted and discharged logistical readiness airman, stating that he asked her to be a job reference in 2015. Shortly there after, Kelley allegedly became obsessed with the polarizing case involving Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof.  CHURCH SHOOTER    What is the real motive in the First Baptist Church shooting? (Image Source: nbcwashington)The shocking claims of death threats prior to the Sutherland Springs church shooting taking place raises questions not only about the criminally convicted shooter Kelley, who was accused of a slew of abusive behavior but also the military s handling of the gunman s well-known history of violence from a prosecutorial standpoint.QUESTION: How did Kelley manage to get such a relaxed sentence considering he had several other major charges dropped   including an additional incident where he allegedly pointed a loaded firearm at his wife?Furthermore, as the public and media are still bewildered over Kelley s ability to legally purchase guns following his 2012 military conviction due to his prior violent abuse, information concerning his alleged plot to kill military superiors has been completely underreported and by the looks of it, may have even gone unpunished.According to official reports, Kelley was sentenced to a year s confinement, reducing rank from an airman first-class (A1C) to airman basic. Additionally, after being convicted of crimes by a military court in 2012, he received a  bad conduct discharge  following an apparent plea deal.The NY Times added the following details regarding the military court case: Prosecutors withdrew several other charges as part of their plea agreement with Mr. Kelley, including allegations that he repeatedly pointed a loaded gun at his wife.He was ultimately sentenced in November that year to 12 months  confinement and reduction to the lowest possible rank. His final duty title was  prisoner. QUESTION: Did Kelley s plea agreement also include the exclusion of charges concerning his alleged death threat plot against military superiors at the CIA linked Holloman Air Force base?Moreover, if that wasn t a part of the plea, how was Kelley not dishonorably discharged due to the severity of charges he faced from military superiors?Although we ve been told this latest  soft target  shooting spree on American soil was carried out by yet another lone gunman, there have also been questions raised concerning a shooter allegedly firing from the roof top down on to church parishioners below.Watch and listen to shooting survivor Rosanne Solis, as she recounts what she witnessed during the First Baptist Church shooting . QUESTION: Is it also possible that Solis saw multiple shooters at the First Baptist Church? If not, how did Kelley swiftly move from the roof top location to ground level in a matter of a few minutes, assuming the account told by Solis is true?The Sutherland Springs mass shooting, along with other high-profile  active shooter  incidents this year and year s past   have once again predictably sparked socio-political hot button issues concerning gun reform, background checks, mental illness and SSRI prescription drugs. This is something that has prompted critics to consider that there might be even more to the story.Below is a CNN video report discussing the lengthy criminal background of the First Baptist Church gunman. Note the strong emphasis in this report regarding Kelley s access to weaponry rather than a deeper analysis over how he received such a relaxed military conviction Drills, Dupes & Informants?A day after the suspicious San Bernardino shooting in 2015, San Antonio s nonprofit Alamo Community Group began practicing active shooter scenarios with employees. San Antonio is only 35 miles from where the Sutherland Springs mass shooting took place and a city that has been rigorously training for mass casualty scenarios for the last five years, holding active shooter drills with approximately one hundred officers a week over at least the last couple of years. Here s a passage from an ABC affiliate in San Antonio on the matter: Though it [the training] is simulated for active shooting scenarios, the training could easily be applied to many other mass casualty situations as well. In past two years, about 4,000 people have been involved in San Antonio s new rescue task force training program. As 21 WIRE has documented over the years, many so-called shooting/terror/attacks involve individuals being monitored by security services prior to an alleged act taking place. A place where a  lone wolf  graduates into the ranks of a known wolf. Although the military wasn t officially keeping Kelley under watch, his case profile does exhibit potential signs of a possible informant status due to the litany of charges he managed to avoid through a cushy plea deal with the military. Historically, government operators have often made use of low-life criminals, and mentally disturbed individuals to fulfill various roles in entrapment stings or sometimes as bona fide solo actors  in an actual attacks.  Links between security agencies, military facilities and alleged attackers with a criminal history should arouse suspicion if they become connected to any future crimes.In January of 2015, a strategic security service think-tank known as The Soufan Group, reported that a larger national security threat resides with those who ve had a lengthy criminal background with known ties to security agencies: The Soufan Group, a New York think tank, said a better term for  lone wolves  would be  known wolves , given how many are already known to Western intelligence agencies before they strike. These individuals, acting alone or in small groups   have been on the radar of various agencies and organisations, highlighting the difficulty of effectively monitoring and managing people at the nexus of criminality and terrorism,  it said in a report this week Domestically in America, it has been well documented that the FBI created a counter-intelligence program known as COINTELPRO (similar in scope to the CIA s Operation CHAOS), not only as a way to influence, but also a way to disrupt and coerce both left and right-wing political factions from the inside out. The FBI program infiltrated countless groups and movements across the political spectrum.Over the past several years, the FBI has been routinely caught foiling their very own terror plots. Following one of America s most deadly mass shootings at the Orlando Pulse nightclub, reports revealed that the FBI had a close relationship with the suspected attacker through the use of a well-known confidential informant. Similarly, recent reports state that FBI, court filings have revealed how the agency allowed an alleged  home grown  ISIS attack to take place in Garland, Texas.  21WIRE had previously uncovered the suspicious nature of the cartoon/shooting event in Garland when it occurred.In 2015, another strange informant case/FBI sting attempted to persuade a group into attacking the Humphrey Scottish Rite Masonic Center in Milwaukee.QUESTION: Is it possible the FBI or any or intelligence agency played some part in the Sutherland Springs church shooting   whether inadvertently or otherwise?FBI informants have reportedly played a  central role  in over 50% of all domestic terror cases in the United States since 2009. According to reports, informants might earn up to $100,000 per case, as they are meant to  build relationships with persons of interest. While the Sutherland Springs shooting is not considered a terror case, it does fit the profile of possible soft target scenarios outlined by the FBI.Here at 21WIRE, we ve kept a running report on many  known wolf  actors and other suspicious intelligence informant cases:Tamerlan Tsarnaev (see his story here) Buford Rogers (see his story here) Jerad Miller (see his story here) Naji Mansour (see his story here) Quazi Mohammad Nafis (see his story here) Mohamed Osman Mohamud (see his story here) Timothy McVeigh (see his story here) Salim Benghalem (see his story here) Michael Adebolajo (see his story here) Daba Deng (see his story here) Elton Simpson (see his story here) Man Haron Monis (see his story here) Abu Hamza (see his story here) Haroon Rashid Aswat (see his story here) Mark Vicars (see his story here) Glen Rodgers (see his story here) Omar Mateen (see his story here)  Samy Mohamed Hamzeh (see his story here) Tashfeen Malik (see her story here) Djamel Beghal (see his story here) Anjem Choudary (see his story here) Cherif Kouachi (see his story here) Said Kouachi (see his story here) Amedy Coulibaly (see his story here) Hayat Boumeddiene (see her story here) Salah Abdeslam (see his story here) Michael Zehaf-Bibeau (see his story here) Nidal Malik Hassan (see his story here) Abdelhakim Dekhar (see his story here) Abdelhamid Abaaoud (see his story here) Samy Amimour (see his story here) Isma l Omar Mostefa (see his story here) Mohamed Lahouij Bouhlel (see his story here) Anis Amri (see his story here) Esteban Santiago-Ruiz (see his story here) Abdulkadir Masharipov (see his story here) Khalid Masood (see his story here) Khuram Butt (see his story here) Youssef Zaghba (see his story here) Sayfullo Saipov (see his story here)According to pastor Frank Pomeroy, who was out-of-town at the time of the shooting with his wife Sherri, the hundred member First Baptist Church, is slated to be demolished sometime soon. However, prior to the demolition, the site will become a temporary memorial and the building will be  scrubbed down and whitewashed,  as white chairs will be placed inside to remember those who died.There are still a number of questions following the Sutherland Springs mass shooting tragedy *** 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSupport our work by Subscribing and become a Member @21WIRE.TV",0
22732,"Facebook Federal Spy Agency, DC Swamp Chess, Bathroom Cams & Tranny Electorate: Boiler Room EP #135","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis for the hundred and thirty fifth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is running a round table discussion on school systems putting cameras in bathrooms in the US and the EU, Facebook as an extension of the federal intelligence apparatus, silicone valley insiders admit social media was designed to exploit inherent vulnerabilities in human beings to get them addicted to their applications, the selective silencing of dissenting voices in social media, the NY bike path  terror attack  from a non-conspiratorial VLOGer, the Texas church shooting near San Antonio and the first Transexual elected to political office.Direct Download Episode #135 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22733,Was Gaddafi Right About JFK?,The late Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi remarked before his death about what he believed was an overriding reason for the assassination of American President John F. Kennedy in 1963. His conclusion as shocking as it was orphic. Watch this video montage which recounts some of the key moments and evidentiary points in what remains one of the biggest unsolved political mysteries in modern history.. READ MORE JFK NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire JFK FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV,0
22734,"Smart Cities, Androids, Technocracy, Kevin Spacey, Corey Feldman: Boiler Room EP #134","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Andy Nowicki (The Nameless One.) Randy J & Infidel Pharaoh (ACR & 21Wire Contributors) for the hundred and thirty fourth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is going over a flood of strange media as we witness the slippery downward spiraling slope of the deviant trans-humanist hopefuls, the degenerate culture crushing neo-leftists, the discredited main stream media, the Sodom and Gomorrah known as Hollywood and a crumbling politicization of engineered events.Direct Download Episode #134 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22735,NEW YORK KNOWN WOLF: Halloween Truck Attacker Known to DHS Prior to ‘Act of Terror’,"Shawn Helton  21st Century WireYears before allegedly carrying out a truck rampage on Halloween, the man named in New York s most recent  act of terror  was already well-known to the United States Department of Homeland Security. This latest supposedly homegrown  ISIS-inspired  attack produces yet another  known wolf  with ties to suspected terrorists as well as authorities. According to officials, 29 year-old Sayfullo Saipov, the man charged in a deadly Manhattan vehicular assault on October 31st, was previously questioned over suspected ties to terrorism in 2015 by the US Department of Homeland Security. Saipov reportedly became a permanent legal resident upon arriving in the US on a diversity lottery visa in 2010. Since that time, the suspected terrorist moved from Ohio, Florida, and most recently to New Jersey, where he was interviewed by DHS in 2015.As media attention on this case is focused on immigration laws, terror propaganda and security protocols   America s latest terror tragedy reveals much more below the surface   KNOWN WOLF    There s a distinct pattern with acts of terror committed on Western soil. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Another American  Known Wolf Suspected terrorist Sayfullo (Habibullaevic) Saipov, who bounced across America, committed only minor traffic violations before his alleged involvement in the New York truck attack.Over the past 24 hours, the suspected truck attacker Saipov, was said to have driven a Home Depot rental truck from New Jersey to the Manhattan area, where it is believed he deliberately targeted pedestrians and cyclists on a bike path alongside the Hudson River according to police reports. Shortly after the vehicular attack authorities state that Siapov brandished a pellet gun and paintball gun prior to being shot by NYPD and taken into custody. All told, at least eight people were said to have been killed, while nearly a dozen others were injured in the high-profile terror incident.Reports state that Saipov became radicalized in America, allegedly taking ques from ISIS terror propaganda. However, Saipov, originally from Tashkent, the capital city of Uzbekistan, was supposedly from a modest and secular family that did not go to mosques, making this yet another suspicious terror-related case that paints a murky portrait on the way towards extremism.  SUSPECT    The alleged New York truck attacker was apparently a registered driver for popular car services Uber and Lyft. (Image Source: twitter)Rather intriguingly, in a published report at ABC News we re told Saipov, had been the subject of a deeper counter-terror investigation back in 2015: Sayfullo Saipov, who has been charged with killing eight people in a vehicle attack on the West Side of Manhattan on Tuesday, was interviewed in 2015 by federal agents about possible ties to suspected terrorists but a case was never opened against him, law enforcement officials tell ABC News. Continuing, the article outlined the following: Saipov was listed as a  point of contact  for two men who were listed in a Department of Homeland Security counterterrorism database and later overstayed their tourist visas, a federal official told ABC News. One was flagged after arriving from a so-called  threat country,  while the other vanished and was being actively sought by federal agents as a  suspected terrorist. Incredibly, in less than 24 hours after the deadly vehicular assault in New York, FBI authorities have located the suspected terrorist who supposedly vanished from the gaze of authorities said to be linked to Saipov.Today FBI investigators released an alert regarding 32 year-old Mukhammadzoir Kadirov, a person of interest, who authorities also believe is linked to the recent attack.CNN reported the following background information regarding Siapov:In a recently published report from the NY Times, elements of a recent FBI probe into a suspected terror cell charged in Brooklyn over the past two years was revealed: Over the last two years, a terrorism investigation by the F.B.I., the Department of Homeland Security, the New York Police Department and federal prosecutors in Brooklyn resulted in charges against five men from Uzbekistan and one from Kazakhstan of providing material support to ISIS. Several of the men have pleaded guilty. It is unclear whether Mr. Saipov was connected with that investigation. QUESTION: Will the FBI eventually reveal that Saipov and Kadirov were on their radar prior to the New York truck attack? Only time will tell This latest act of terror in America may well prove to be similar in scope to many other  known wolf  cases in recent history, as readers might recall the alleged New York bombing suspect 28 year-old Ahmad Khan Rahami, had been known to the FBI for years prior to supposedly carrying out plots in New York and New Jersey in the fall of 2016.According to The Washington Post, the FBI had already known Rahami since 2014, which only added to the strongly suspicious event: The FBI s probe into Ahmad Khan Rahami, the 28-year-old named as the only suspect in the bombings, was launched based on comments his father had made. An official said his father later recanted his comments. Agents conducted interviews, checked with other agencies and looked at internal databases,  none of which revealed ties to terrorism,  the bureau said in a statement.   DARK DAYS    The crime scene of the recent New York truck attack. (Image Source: twitter)HAND IN HAND: Terror & Security QUESTION: Is it possible the FBI or any intelligence agency played some part in the latest New York City attack plot   whether inadvertently or otherwise?In the search for answers regarding the investigative tactics of various intelligence agencies that have come into question, there s none perhaps more dubious than the FBI s Newburgh sting operation that resulted in the entrapment four men who participated in a fabricated event created by the bureau.Here s a 2011 passage from The Guardian describing how a FBI informant named Shahed Hussain coerced four others into a fake terror plot: The  Newburgh Four  now languish in jail. Hussain does not. For Hussain was a fake. In fact, Hussain worked for the FBI as an informant trawling mosques in hope of picking up radicals.Yet far from being active militants, the four men he attracted were impoverished individuals struggling with Newburgh s grim epidemic of crack, drug crime and poverty. One had mental issues so severe his apartment contained bottles of his own urine. He also believed Florida was a foreign country.Hussain offered the men huge financial inducements to carry out the plot   including $250,000 to one man   and free holidays and expensive cars.As defence lawyers poured through the evidence, the Newburgh Four came to represent the most extreme form of a controversial FBI policy to use invented terrorist plots to lure targets.  There has been no case as egregious as this. It is unique in the incentive the government provided. A quarter million dollars?  said Professor Karen Greenberg, a terrorism expert at Fordham University. The reputation of the FBI has suffered greatly in the recent past as well as over the past couple of decades. Following the 1993 WTC bombing, the FBI was revealed to have been  handling Emad A. Salem, a former Egyptian army officer who was a prized undercover operative thrust into confidential informant status and person who played a key role in the bomb plot.QUESTION: Will authorities reveal that Siapov may have also had ties to informants or other known wolves?Here at 21WIRE, we ve kept a running report on  known wolf  actors involved in many attacks on Western soil. Take a look below at an updated version that includes other suspicious intelligence informant and terror cases that have held that distinction over the years:Tamerlan Tsarnaev (see his story here) Buford Rogers (see his story here) Jerad Miller (see his story here) Naji Mansour (see his story here) Quazi Mohammad Nafis (see his story here) Mohamed Osman Mohamud (see his story here) Timothy McVeigh (see his story here) Salim Benghalem (see his story here) Michael Adebolajo (see his story here) Daba Deng (see his story here) Elton Simpson (see his story here) Man Haron Monis (see his story here) Abu Hamza (see his story here) Haroon Rashid Aswat (see his story here) Mark Vicars (see his story here) Glen Rodgers (see his story here) Omar Mateen (see his story here) Tashfeen Malik (see her story here) Djamel Beghal (see his story here) Anjem Choudary (see his story here) Cherif Kouachi (see his story here) Said Kouachi (see his story here) Amedy Coulibaly (see his story here) Hayat Boumeddiene (see her story here) Salah Abdeslam (see his story here) Michael Zehaf-Bibeau (see his story here) Nidal Malik Hassan (see his story here) Abdelhakim Dekhar (see his story here) Abdelhamid Abaaoud (see his story here) Samy Amimour (see his story here) Isma l Omar Mostefa (see his story here) Mohamed Lahouij Bouhlel (see his story here) Anis Amri (see his story here) Esteban Santiago-Ruiz (see his story here) Abdulkadir Masharipov (see his story here) Khalid Masood (see his story here) Khuram Butt (see his story here) Youssef Zaghba (see his story here)Since 9/11, the city of New York has dedicated a massive amount of resources to anti-terror training, with a police department larger than the standing armies of 84 countries. It is a city that has done more than any other American city as far as terror readiness yet, it continues to be plagued by a series of plots and attacks over the last 16 years.Following America s previous most deadly mass shooting in Orlando were reports revealing that the FBI had a close relationship with the suspected attacker through the use of a well-known confidential informant. Similarly, recent reports state that FBI, court filings have revealed how the agency allowed an alleged  home grown  ISIS attack to take place in Garland, Texas.  21WIRE previously uncovered suspicious elements regarding the cartoon event in Garland when the attack occurred.QUESTION: How is it that federal agencies continue to let known wolves slip through the cracks?As we ve stated before, mass media injects their own formula for laying out a familiar series of polarizing political points in the aftermath of any  tragic  event. Appearing to purposefully redirect the public to look at a ready-made laundry list of hateful rhetoric, social media declarations and random writings as an ironclad motive for a crime. The aftermath in the recent terror case of New York is no different, as it has already rapidly descended into a barrage of politically motivated theorizing.The story of a Uzbekistan truck attacker also recalls the the suspicious terror case involving the Turkish nightclub shooting at the start of the year on New Year s Eve.To unravel future cases, it s important to keep a watchful eye on any links to past plots 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSupport our work by Subscribing and become a Member @21WIRE.TV",0
22736,Man Yells ‘CNN is Fake News!’ During Live NYC Broadcast,"21st Century Wire says It s no wonder that when the CNN news crew ventures out from beyond their cozy, Orwellian studio construct these moments of public ridicule and disdain tend to happen.The media interloper in the video frame was attempting to disrupt CNN s live broadcast from the streets of Lower Manhattan, near the scene of Tuesday s deadly truck attack.The street panel included CNN host Anderson Cooper and guest Michael Weiss, one of the network s terrorism  experts  and global regime change mascots. He s also a recent nominee of the 2017 Horace Greeley Award for Best Fake News Journalist.CNN can t seem to get it together when they go on-location for these breaking news stories, and it usually ends up looking bad for them time and again.WATCH: READ MORE ABOUT CNN FAKE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire CNN FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22737,Hillary Clinton Ponders Halloween Costume,"21st Century Wire says It s Halloween   and Hillary Clinton is getting asked what she will wear for a Halloween costume. There s plenty of scary to go around, but the recently defeated Democratic presidential candidate offered one idea that would send shivers down the spines of many on All Hallows  Eve: I think I will maybe come as the president! The spooky quip gained laughter and applause in Chicago Monday night   at an event where attendees paid cash to find out  What Happened  to her candidacy in the 2016 election.We think this cartoon wins all the candy corns:Happy Halloween from 21WIRE READ MORE HALLOWEEN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Halloween FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22738,Robert Parry: Sorting Out the Russia Mess,"Consortium News Exclusive: The U.S. mainstream media finally has its  smoking gun  on Russia-gate   incriminating information from a junior Trump campaign adviser   but a closer look reveals serious problems with the  evidence,  writes Robert Parry.By Robert ParryRussia-gate special prosecutor Robert Mueller has turned up the heat on President Trump with the indictment of Trump s former campaign manager for unrelated financial crimes and the disclosure of a guilty plea from a low-level foreign policy adviser for lying to the FBI.While longtime Republican fixer Paul Manafort, who helped guide Trump s campaign to the GOP nomination in summer 2016, was the big name in the news on Monday, the mainstream media focused more on court documents related to George Papadopoulos, a 30-year-old campaign aide who claims to have heard about Russia possessing Hillary Clinton s emails before they became public on the Internet, mostly via WikiLeaks.While that would seem to bolster the Russia-gate narrative   that Russian intelligence  hacked  Democratic emails and President Vladimir Putin ordered the emails be made public to undermine Clinton s campaign   the evidentiary thread that runs through Papadopoulos s account remains tenuous.That s in part because his credibility has already been undermined by his guilty plea for lying to the FBI and by the fact that he now has a motive to provide something the prosecutors might want in exchange for leniency. Plus, there is the hearsay and contested quality of Papadopoulos s supposed information, some of which already has turned out to be false.According to the court documents, Papadopoulos got to know a professor of international relations who claimed to have  substantial connections with Russian government officials,  with the professor identified in press reports as Joseph Mifsud, a little-known academic associated with the University of Stirling in Scotland.The first contact supposedly occurred in mid-March 2016 in Italy, with a second meeting in London on March 24 when the professor purportedly introduced Papadopoulos to a Russian woman whom the young campaign aide believed to be Putin s niece, an assertion that Mueller s investigators determined wasn t true.Trump, who then was under pressure for not having a foreign policy team, included Papadopoulos as part of a list drawn up to fill that gap, and Papadopoulos participated in a campaign meeting on March 31 in Washington at which he suggested a meeting between Trump and Putin, a prospect that other senior aides reportedly slapped down.The  Email  BreakfastBut Papadopoulos continued his outreach to Russia, according to the court documents, which depict the most explosive meeting as an April 26 breakfast in London with the professor (Mifsud) supposedly saying he had been in Moscow and  learned that the Russians had obtained  dirt  on then-candidate Clinton  and possessed  thousands of emails.  Mainstream press accounts concluded that Mifsud must have been referring to the later-released emails.However, Mifsud told The Washington Post in an email last August that he had  absolutely no contact with the Russian government  and described his ties to Russia as strictly in academic fields.In an interview with the U.K. Daily Telegraph after Monday s disclosures, Mifsud acknowledged meeting with Papadopoulos but disputed the contents of the conversations as cited in the court papers. Specifically, he denied knowing anything about emails containing  dirt  on Clinton and called the claim that he introduced Papadopoulos to a  female Russian national  as a  laughingstock. According to the Telegraph interview, Mifsud said he tried to put Papadopoulos in touch with experts on the European Union and introduced him to the director of a Russian think tank, the Russian International Affairs Council.It was the latter contact that the court papers presumably referred to in saying that on May 4, the Russian contact with ties to the foreign ministry wrote to Papadopoulos and Mifsud, reporting that ministry officials were  open for cooperation,  a message that Papadopoulos forwarded to a senior campaign official, asking whether the contacts were  something we want to move forward with. However, even an article in The New York Times, which has aggressively pushed the Russia-gate  scandal  from the beginning, noted the evidentiary holes that followed from that point.The Times  Scott Shane wrote:  A crucial detail is still missing: Whether and when Mr. Papadopoulos told senior Trump campaign officials about Russia s possession of hacked emails. And it appears that the young aide s quest for a deeper connection with Russian officials, while he aggressively pursued it, led nowhere. Shane added,  the court documents describe in detail how Mr. Papadopoulos continued to report to senior campaign officials on his efforts to arrange meetings with Russian officials,   the documents do not say explicitly whether, and to whom, he passed on his most explosive discovery   that the Russians had what they considered compromising emails on Mr. Trump s opponent. J.D. Gordon, a former Pentagon official who worked for the Trump campaign as a national security adviser and helped arrange the March 31 foreign policy meeting, said he had known nothing about Mr. Papadopoulos  discovery that Russia had obtained Democratic emails or of his prolonged pursuit of meetings with Russians. Reasons to DoubtIf prosecutor Mueller had direct evidence that Papadopoulos had informed the Trump campaign about the Clinton emails, you would assume that the proof would have been included in Monday s disclosures. Further, since Papadopoulos was flooding the campaign with news about his Russian outreach, you might have expected that he would say something about how helpful the Russians had been in publicizing the Democratic emails.The absence of supporting evidence that Papadopoulos conveyed his hot news on the emails to campaign officials and Mifsud s insistence that he knew nothing about the emails would normally raise serious questions about Papadopoulos s credibility on this most crucial point.At least for now, those gaps represent major holes in the storyline. But Official Washington has been so desperate for  proof  about the alleged Russian  election meddling  for so long, that professional skepticism has been unwelcome in most media outlets.There is also another side of the story that rarely gets mentioned in the U.S. mainstream media: that WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has repeatedly denied that he received the two batches of purloined Democratic emails   one about the Democratic National Committee and one about Clinton s campaign chairman John Podesta   from the Russians. While it is surely possible that the Russians might have used cutouts to pass on the emails, Assange and associates have suggested that at least the DNC emails came from a disgruntled insider.Also, former U.S. intelligence experts have questioned whether at least one batch of disclosed emails could have come from an overseas  hack  because the rapid download speed is more typical of copying files locally onto a memory stick or thumb drive.What I was told by an intelligence source several months ago was that Russian intelligence did engage in hacking efforts to uncover sensitive information, much as U.S. and other nations  intelligence services do, and that Democratic targets were included in the Russian effort.But the source said the more perplexing question was whether the Kremlin then ordered release of the data, something that Russian intelligence is usually loath to do and something that in this case would have risked retaliation from the expected winner of the 2016 election, Hillary Clinton.But such questions and doubts are clearly not welcome in the U.S. mainstream media, most of which has embraced Mueller s acceptance of Papadopoulos s story as the long-awaited  smoking gun  of Russia-gate.Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America s Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com).READ MORE RUSSIA-GATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia-Gate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22739,Bezos-Owned Washington Post Running PR for Bezos-Owned Amazon ‘HQ2’,"21st Century Wire says When the news broke in 2013 that Amazon.com founder and Bilderberg member Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post, we started asking the same question many others were asking at the time: what does it mean for the paper and what will happen next? As the media whips up a public frenzy over which city will go to what extreme lengths to prove their worthiness of hosting the online retailer s next company headquarters   replete with an odd reality TV like competition backdrop   we now see further signs of exactly what the plan was all along.SEE ALSO: Washington Post Sloppy  Journalism  Blames Russia for  Fake News  Crisis and Trump s Win, While Pushing Neo-McCarthyismAccording to Adam Johnson, contributing analyst for FAIR.org, the Washington Post has been caught reposting Amazon press releases in their coverage of the  HQ2  story. This amounts to essentially copy and paste PR by the Bezos-owned newspaper on behalf of Bezos-owned Amazon   with no regard for citation or explanation of the projected economic benefits a host city could expect to receive. If only quality control of shipping their news at the  Amazon Washington Post  was as tight as shipping their retail.Continue reading about this story at FAIR.org READ MORE MEDIA CRITIQUE AT: 21st Century Wire Media Cog FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22740,Lest We Forget: ‘Independent’ Mueller is Part of Establishment That Helped Sell Iraq War,"21st Century Wire says While the mainstream press can t wait to find out (or get illegally leaked Grand Jury details) about the next target of  Russian Collusion  investigator and special counsel Robert Mueller, lest we forget that back in February 2003 it was Mueller who helped W. Bush, Dick Cheney and the rest of the neocon establishment sell the Iraq War.In May of this year, just days after the abrupt firing of FBI Director James Comey, former FBI Director Mueller was appointed special counsel to the investigation. The reception was conspicuously enthusiastic and praised across all mainstream media outlets as well as inside the Washington, D.C. Beltway.This cogent video analysis by TYT Politics demonstrates that things may not be what they seem. In fact, as the evidence is presented here, far from it: Recent history, however, suggests that whenever the political media class appears united in praise for anything .there s reason for concern. WATCH: READ MORE NEOCON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Neocon FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22741,"Episode #208 – ‘Not The Network’ – Sunday Wire with Hesher, Funk$oul and Patrick Henningsen Live from Iraq","Episode #208 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes on Oct 29th 2017 as host Patrick Henningsen brings you this week s LIVE broadcast on the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR)   covering all the top news stories both at home and internationally LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12am PT (US)  This week the SUNDAY WIRE is broadcasting LIVE from the Iraq as host Patrick Henningsen is joined by guest hosts Hesher & Funk$oul from the Alternate Current Radio s Boiler Room to discuss this week s top stories internationally including the leveling of Raqqa by US-led  Coalition  forces, the new US-UK-Soros-sponsored war against RT guests and the new European McCarthyist hunt for political dissenters to compliment the US effort and the update on Trump s release of classified JFK files. We ll also review this past week s news events with guest FunkSoul.  Enjoy the show SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Download Episode #208 Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives    ",0
22742,Halloween Fireside Book of Suspense Vol. 2: Boiler Room EP #133,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Daniel Spaulding (of Soul of the East) Andy Nowicki (The Nameless One.) Randy J & Fvnk$oul (ACR & 21Wire Contributors) for the hundred and thirty third episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is kicking back with a Halloween vibe, discussing the absurdity of the British government creating a beef with the U.N. over the linguistic  virtue  of referring to  pregnant women  as  pregnant people  so as not to  offend  any  trans  people (I ve never put so many sarcastic quotations in one sentence before now.) The Boiler gang is also discussing Twitter, Google, Facebook and Youtube suppressing freedom of speech in the U.S. while serving as a lapdog to the intelligence agencies and the left leaning technocrats to literally do social engineering (not kidding, that is in Mark Zuckerberg s own words.)Direct Download Episode #133 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22743,Twitter ‘Off-Boards’ (Bans) RT and Sputnik Ads Ahead of Capitol Hill Testimony," Twitter s pitch deck for RT?21st Century Wire says In what appears to be a coordinated attack on RT and Sputnik, Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey (@jack) has declared all advertising purchased by the two media outlets unfit for the online news and social networking service.Off-boarding advertising from all accounts owned by Russia Today (RT) and Sputnik.We re donating all projected earnings ($1.9mm) to support external research into the use of Twitter in elections, including use of malicious automation and misinformation. https://t.co/zIxfqqXCZr  jack (@jack) October 26, 2017The move comes just days before Twitter and other Silicon Valley companies go to Washington to testify on Capitol Hill regarding alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 U.S. Election.In the company s official announcement, it states the decision is based on  the U.S. intelligence community s conclusion that both RT and Sputnik attempted to interfere with the election on behalf of the Russian government. To be fair, there was no conclusion. The DNI report was only an assessment of  high confidence  by a group of hand-picked analysts from the CIA, FBI and NSA.What s both ironic and embarrassing about the Twitter bird s ad blockade of the Russian-owned media outlets is their recent ad pitch to RT, specifically, during the election cycle:Hope @jack won t forget to tell @congressdotgov how @Twitter pitched @RT_com to spend big $$s on US elex ad campaign. pic.twitter.com/7GqoEoSaY8      (@M_Simonyan) October 26, 2017That s a tweet on Thursday by RT Editor-in-Chief Margarita Simonyan.It s quite clear that Twitter, along with other Silicon Valley properties like Google and Facebook, saw the 2016 U.S. Election as a lucrative ad sales pipeline and decided to cash-in   like any other media outlet would do.Now, ahead of their upcoming testimony on  election meddling , Twitter just put itself squarely in the crosshairs of the government   to curry favor to, and to be push even further as Russiamania pushes forward.More from The Duran READ MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire RUSSIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22744,MORE QUESTIONS THAN ANSWERS: Was Sandy Hook Shooter Known to FBI Prior to School Massacre?,"21st Century wire says The FBI recently released new documents regarding the bizarre and still forensically critiqued Sandy Hook elementary school shooting tragedy.  SANDY HOOK    Many questions still remain in this perplexing case.  (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)KEY POINT: It s important to remember that even though the events at Sandy Hook were said to have been carried out by a deranged lone gunman named Adam Lanza, initial reports on several CBS and ABC affiliates following the Sandy Hook mass shooting stated there was a  second shooter  who was apprehended at the scene.We should also be reminded that mainstream media reportage of the Sandy Hook tragedy took audiences down several rabbit holes of their own making, eventually implicating an unlikely suspect (left photo) with Asperger s syndrome, in an apparently motiveless crime.Not since the forensically questionable Columbine High School shooting massacre, had the corporate media been so fixated on a tragic shooting, focusing their efforts on politicizing the apparent crime, while investigators offered very little in terms of evidence in their official story.On March 28th of 2013, a few short months after the Sandy Hook shooting, an article entitled  Newtown Killer s Obsessions, in Chilling Detail  was published by the NY Times. In that article, the public learned that the Lanza s were unknown to authorities and that there were never any disturbances at the family residence that would have prepped law enforcement prior to the school shooting: Two law-enforcement officials who were initially involved in the investigation said in recent interviews that the Newtown police had never been called to the Lanza home for any disturbances, and that before the shootings the family was basically unknown to the authorities.They said they believed that Mr. Lanza had spent most of his time in the basement of the home, primarily playing a warfare video game,  Call of Duty. This aspect of the story had remained virtually unquestioned until the recent release of FBI information this week.Earlier this week, an NBC affiliate in Connecticut published an article disclosing the newly released FBI documents regarding the Sandy Hook case. Here s a short passage of that article: The documents include reports by FBI agents who interviewed people about Lanza. Large portions of many of the documents were redacted, including the names of the people who spoke to the agents.The documents also offer a window into the early days of the investigation, as agents chased false leads and gathered evidence of Lanza s isolation.A year after the massacre, state police released a final investigative document that concluded Lanza was obsessed with firearms, death and mass shootings, but that the motive may never be known. While the article continued by placing a heavy emphasis on the media crafted stage-like persona of the alleged shooter Adam Lanza, we re told for the first time of his alleged sexual perversions, as the video game/gun obsessed millennial, apparently also spent time analyzing mass shooting crimes.This murky portrait of the Sandy Hook shooter finally emerges nearly five years after the media sensationalized school shooting. But perhaps the most shocking claim has come from an unnamed Newtown resident alleging that Lanza may have already been well-known to the FBI or possibly the CIA  prior to the Sandy Hook school massacre occurring: A Newtown resident told the FBI that Nancy Lanza said Adam had once hacked into a government computer system and federal authorities   either FBI or CIA agents   showed up at their door.Nancy Lanza told the person that she had to convince the agents that her son was just very intelligent and was challenging himself to see if he could hack into a government system. She said agents told her that if Adam was that smart, he could get a job with their agency someday. QUESTION: Why is the public just now learning that Lanza may have already been known to authorities via his government computer hack   and why wouldn t various intelligence agencies continue to monitor his behavior after committing an illegal act that may have been a national security concern?The troubling Sandy Hook saga continues to have more questions than answers READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22745,Iraqi PM Rebuffs U.S. Decree That ‘Foreign Shia Militias’ Should Leave Country,"Ever since ISIS appeared in Iraq in 2014, both the policies and strategies coming out of Washington have ranged from confused to inept, as politicians and Pentagon officials spar over whether or not to cooperate with various Iranian-affiliated Shia militias and People s Mobilization Units (PMF), led by Hash d  al-Shaabi and Badr Organisation.The driving factor behind Washington s stance is the Israeli Lobby and Gulf state led by Saudi Arabia   who vocally oppose any US cooperation with Shia PMF s in Iraq. This lack of coherency has also helped alienate the Iraq government in Baghdad who appear to be less and less concerned with Washington s sectarian imposition and more concerned with closing-out the ISIS threat in Iraq.This dysfunctional US policy of exclusion in local operational partners on the ground may have helped to prolong the lifespan of ISIS in parts of Iraq. Washington s insistence on playing the sectarian card has led to its inability to openly cooperate with key players   to benefit of ISIS.Notice how the AFP report below categorically refers to Shia militia in Iraq at  Iranian militias    another example of the western mainstream media intentionally skewing language in order to give a false impression that all Shia militias in Iraq are Iranian   which is patently false.This week: US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson drew the short straw again, as Pentagon warhawks send him to Riyadh on another impossible mission AFP reports Iraq on Monday rebuffed a US demand that Iranian militias leave the country, insisting that the paramilitary forces which helped it defeat the Islamic State group consist solely of Iraqi nationals. Nobody has the right to interfere in Iraqi affairs,  the Iraqi cabinet said in a statement, quoting a source close to Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi. The fighters of the Hashed (al-Shaabi paramilitary units) are Iraqis who are concerned for their country and have sacrificed for its defence and for its people,  it said.On Sunday, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson demanded that Iranian militias leave Iraq. Certainly Iranian militias that are in Iraq, now that the fighting against (IS) is coming to a close, those militias need to go home,  Tillerson said. All foreign fighters need to go home,  he said at a press conference in Riyadh.The 60,000-strong Hashed was formed in 2014 after IS seized swathes of northern Iraq, routing government forces.A coalition mostly made up of Iranian-backed militias, it has played a key role in Iraq s successful fightback against the jihadists over the past three years.It answers to Iraq s prime minister as commander-in-chief of the Iraqi armed forces, into which it has been integrated by a parliamentary vote.Tillerson s remarks were also aimed at Iran s elite Revolutionary Guards and their foreign operations wing, the Quds Force, according to a senior US official accompanying him. The position of the Iraqi government and the position of our government is that there should be a single Iraqi security force answerable to the Iraqi state,  the official said on condition of anonymity.Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif has also hit back at Tillerson s remarks, saying Iran played a crucial role in the fight against IS both in Iraq and Syria. If it wasn t for the sacrifices of the Islamic Republic of Iran  Daesh (IS) would have installed its government in Damascus, Baghdad and (the Iraqi Kurdish regional capital) Arbil by now,  he said.READ MORE IRAQ NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Iraq FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22746,New Survey Shows No.1 Fear of US Citizens is Government NOT Terrorism,"Americans have lost the plot when it comes to evaluating the true nature of the  terrorist threat  (Image Source: Wikicommons)By Matt AgoristAn extensive survey of hundreds of adults across the United States has just revealed that the thing most Americans fear more than anything else is their own government. In fact, according to the survey, no other fear even comes close to the percentage of Americans who worry about their corrupt government officials.The survey was conducted by Chapman University and it serves to back up the point that while Americans claim to live in the Land of the Free, deep down, they realize they are living in a corrupt oligarchy. The Chapman University Survey of American Fears Wave 4 (2017) provides an in-depth examination into the fears of average Americans. In May of 2017, a random sample of 1,207 adults from across the United States were asked their level of fear about eighty different fears across a huge variety of topics ranging from crime, the government, the environment, disasters, personal anxieties, technology and many others. As Statista s Niall McCarthy notes, like last year, corruption of government officials came top in 2017, with 74.5 percent of U.S. adults saying it makes them  afraid  or  very afraid. Despite the constant fear mongering from the mainstream media and government on bogeymen terrorists plotting to steal our freedom, the public, according to this survey, is not buying it.In fact, the threat of terrorism isn t even in the top 20 fears. Terrorism comes in at twenty-two below credit card fraud and identity theft.While this survey is certainly promising, in the idea that people are waking up to government corruption, it is also a telling sign of America s ability to hold two entirely contradictory ideas as self-evident.This ability, or perhaps better defined as  disability,  to hold two opposing ideas, such as the spreading of freedom through war, as being logically sound, is called cognitive dissonance. When one is in a state of dissonance, they may sometimes feel  disequilibrium : frustration, hunger, dread, guilt, anger, embarrassment, anxiety, etc.In order for cognitive dissonance to work, society must remain just ignorant enough to support and to believe the lies fed to them from the establishment as reality; even though this reality is a complete contradiction.Once we step back and observe society with this in mind, the reason for this contradictory mental state becomes quite obvious. It is much easier to remain delusional and in a state of suspended disbelief than it is to deal with the opposing ideas held inside one s head. How can one chant  USA is number #1!  while at the same time fearing the rulers of that USA?( ) If this survey shows us anything, it is that Americans would do well to entertain the uncomfortable idea that this country they hold so high up on a pedestal has actually long been on a path to become the dystopian nightmare written about in books like 1984.Americans would do well to remember the words by John Basil Barnhill in 1914 when he said, Where the people fear the government you have tyranny. Where the government fears the people you have liberty. This article first appeared the Free Thought Project.READ MORE WAR ON TERROR NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire War on Terror FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22747,"WHITE WASHED? Trump Claims Classified JFK Files Will Be Released, Reigniting Conspiracy Suspicions","Shawn Helton  21st Century Wire JFK FILES    Conspiracy still shrouds the JFK assassination. (Photo Illustration Shawn Helton)The assassination of US President John F. Kennedy, is one of the most infamous crimes of the 20th century. Like the enigmatic attacks of 9/11, it was an act that will forever be shrouded in conspiracy, intrigue and mystery   despite the lone gunman theory implicating Lee Harvey Oswald.New reports indicate that classified documents pertaining to the assassination of the 35th US President will be allowed to be released by US President Donald Trump.The NY Times reports: The release of the information being held in secret at the National Archives   including several thousand never-before-seen documents   was mandated to occur by Oct. 26 under a 1992 law that sought to quell conspiracy theories about the assassination.Mr. Trump has the power to block the release of the documents, and intelligence agencies have pressured him to do so for at least some of them. The agencies are concerned that information contained in some of the documents could damage national security interests.In a statement to reporters, the White House left open the possibility that Mr. Trump might halt the release of some documents. While word of a possible release of never-before-seen JFK files has spread like wildfire throughout mainstream media and alternative media alike, one should remain skeptical and cautious, as the likelihood of the military industrial complex, the CIA and other clandestine agencies releasing any conclusive inter-agency conspiracy related details about the JFK assassination   is next to zero.The globalist Deep State machine that has ruled the US and the world since WWII would have too much to lose if anything larger came out of America s most infamous conspiracy. It would be like opening Pandora s box. (Image Source: circololettori.it)Here s one theory in the mystery surrounding JFK s assassination that includes some uncanny historical and Hollywood associations that we are not likely to hear about In 1980, after a six-hour  suicidal  standoff with police, a contract killer linked to organized crime named Charles Harrelson, admitted to killing US District Judge John H Wood, and in the process, while apparently  high on cocaine  also claimed to have been involved in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.The father of Hollywood star Woody Harrelson was convicted in the murder of a grain dealer named Sam Degelia Jr in 1968 and in 1981, Charles received two life sentences for the murder of John Wood.Throughout 1981, more questions materialized regarding the assassination of Judge Wood in a UPI article: Defense lawyers maintained [Charles] Harrelson was framed by police and the informant. Charles an ex-felon, said a friend, Hampton Robinson III, who failed to show up to testify, had driven the car. He suggested someone, possibly federal agents, had planted the guns so he could be arrested. He denied telling [Department of Public Safety agent] Pagel he carried a gun.   THREE TRAMPS    Charles Harrelson (ID d by forensic experts on the left) is believed to be one of three arrested in Dealey Plaza after JFK s assassination in 1963. (Image Source: jfkmurdersolved)When considering the Harrelson-Kennedy connection, the 1989 book Crossfire comes to mind.Crossfire, written by the recently deceased well-known researcher Jim Marrs, was also adapted for the highly controversial and successful Oliver Stone film JFK. Below is a passage from Crossfire, as it relates to the apparent Harrelson-Kennedy link: Aside from being twice convicted of murder for hire, Harrelson   the father of actor Woody Harrelson   had a long history of involvement with Dallas underworld characters linked directly to Jack Ruby. Continuing, the Crossfire also stated: The late Fort Worth graphics expert Jack White, who testified before the House Select Committee on Assassinations, already had noticed the resemblance of Harrelson to the youngest tramp. In a 1981 interview with Chuck Cook, Harrelson claimed to have the  biggest story  the reporter would ever have, when questioned about Kennedy s death. Additionally, Jo Ann Harrelson noted the  similarities  between the tramp photos and her husband. All this coupled with the fact Diane Lou Oswald (the mother of Woody Harrelson), who had also been married to Charles Harrelson in Midland, Texas, made for a strange background concerning the JFK saga.In a KDFW-TV interview in 1982 below, Charles Harrelson back tracks somewhat on his claims of killing Kennedy   but does point directly to a larger conspiracy concerning the US government s involvement in the death of Kennedy as well as their alleged link to drug trade in America.The interview is a startling revelation, adding to the enigmatic JFK mystery and in the process   provides another strange backdrop to a captivating case . 21st Century Wire says Today, President Donald Trump announced he plans to release the tens of thousands of classified documents on the assassination of President John F Kennedy held at the National Archives and Records Administration. The president believes that these documents should be made available in the interests of full transparency unless agencies provide a compelling and clear national security or law enforcement justification otherwise,  a White House official told Reuters. Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened,  Trump tweeted on Saturday.Subject to the receipt of further information, I will be allowing, as President, the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 21, 2017Days before Trump s announcement, The Washington Post claim that their National Security Council source told deep state media oracle that federal government agencies have warned the president not to release some of the documents for fear they could somehow comprise  national security , although this rationale is hard to justify as the event took place nearly 55 years ago   unless of course, some legacy parties still in power today were implicated in the remaining documents.It s difficult to know if Trump is referring to all of the remaining CIA and FBI documents, or just some of them, or whether or not these documents will be redacted (presumably to protect any important names involved in the JFK murder, or possible cover-up). However, Trump appears to have left open the possibility that if government agencies feel the documents should not to released, then he would heed their advice. Trump added that his decision was  subject to the receipt of further information. According to Phil Shenon, a professional researcher and author on the Warren Commission: It s great news that the president is focused on this and that he s trying to demonstrate transparency. But the question remains whether he will open the library in full   every word in every document, as the law requires,  Shenon said.  And my understanding is that he won t without infuriating people at the CIA and elsewhere who are determined to keep at least some of the information secret, especially in documents created in the 1990s. The scheduled date of the release is meant to be on October 26, 2017.STAY TUNED FOR MORE UPDATESREAD MORE JFK NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire JFK FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22748,‘Man Bites Dog’: New York Times Does Some Actual Journalism,"What this story shows is that while there are some conscientious journalists at the New York Times who have made a concerted effort to discover the truth about President Trump s somewhat outlandish claim that the Cuban government have deployed sonic attacks against US diplomats in Havana   the paper s editors also ran with the predictable mainstream conspiracy theory that Putin might be behind this malicious high-tech assault on US foreign service officials.Is there an internal struggle underway in mainstream media institutions   between those who want to retain their integrity, and gatekeepers determine to use these outlets to peddle Establishment propaganda?Consortium News Exclusive: When the Trump administration blamed Cuba for a  sonic attack  on U.S. diplomats, a New York Times reporter did something unusual for his newspaper: he tried objectively to assess the evidence, as Robert Parry reports By Robert ParryI often criticize The New York Times, Washington Post and other major mainstream media outlets for a very simple reason: they deserve it   especially for their propagandistic, unprofessional and reckless coverage of foreign crises.But there are occasional moments when some reporter at an MSM outlet behaves responsibly and those instances should be noted at least under the classic definition of  news    something that is unexpected   or as the old saying goes,  dog bites man is not news; man bites dog is news. One such moment occurred earlier this month when a Times science editor assigned science reporter Carl Zimmer to look into the mysterious illnesses affecting U.S. diplomats in the recently reopened U.S. embassy in Cuba.About two dozen U.S. diplomats supposedly were suffering hearing loss and cognitive difficulties due to what has been labeled a  sonic attack.  The Trump administration blamed the Cuban government even though the Cubans claimed to be mystified and would seem to have little motive for disrupting a long-sought d tente with Washington along with the expected boon to their tourist industry. President Trump  retaliated  by expelling 15 Cuban diplomats.Zimmer recounted the background to his story in a reporter s notebook piece on Oct. 6:  On Tuesday, Michael Mason, my editor on the science desk, shot me an email. Would I consider writing an article about  this sonic  attack  business ? I knew exactly what he was talking about. I had been vaguely puzzled about this business for months. Checking Out the StoryZimmer then did what professional journalists are supposed to do: he started contacting impartial experts to get their assessments of what was possible, what was likely, and what didn t make sense. I decided to try to find something out   not as a political reporter but as a science writer,  Zimmer wrote in the sidebar that accompanied his news article.  I usually base my ideas on scientific research that has matured far enough that it is beginning to get published in peer-reviewed journals.   I knew that an article on sonic weapons would be very different from the ones I usually write. I learned there was not even an official medical report. I decided to try to draw some boundary lines for all the speculation swirling around the story. Is the idea of a sonic attack plausible, based on what scientists know about sound and the human body?  So I hit the phone. I didn t want to talk with just anyone   I looked for people with lots of experience in research that had direct bearing on this question. I started with Timothy Leighton, whose job title at Southampton University is, literally, professor of ultrasonics and underwater acoustics. Better yet, Dr. Leighton has published the only thorough recent scientific review of the effects of environmental ultrasound that I m aware of. When I interviewed Dr. Leighton and others, I made clear I didn t expect them to solve this mystery; I just wanted them to reconcile the question with what we know through science.  The consensus was that it was extremely unlikely the diplomats were the victims of a sonic weapon. It would be necessary to rule out less exotic possibilities before taking that one seriously. Yet, despite this skeptical scientific consensus among experts, Zimmer noted,  The notion [of a sonic attack] has ricocheted like mad around the press, making it possible for readers to assume that [the sonic attack explanation] has been generally accepted by experts. But it most certainly has not. I ll be curious to see if articles like mine can put the brakes on the speculation. Suspecting PutinWell, Zimmer could have read the Times editorial in the same day s (Oct. 6) newspaper for a partial answer. While critical of the Trump administration for rushing to judgment in blaming the Cuban government and expelling 15 diplomats, the editorial concluded:  The sonic attacks on Americans are too serious to be used for cynical political ends. So much for the editorial writers reading their own newspaper, but clearly they were driven by a higher agenda. A New York Times editorial about some unpleasant topic anywhere in the world these days wouldn t be complete without taking the opportunity to blame Russia or, in this case, at least suggest Russia as a possible villain in the mystery.The Times wrote:  Other parties, most notably Russia, must also figure as suspects: President Vladimir Putin would probably welcome a setback to American-Cuban relations. Yes, every possible conspiracy theory must somehow circle back to Vladimir Putin, a real-life Dr. Evil. When he is not plotting how to flood Facebook with images of puppies or manipulate Americans in their pursuit of Pokemon Go characters, he is building secret sonic weapons to disorient U.S. diplomats in Havana and provoke President Trump to act rashly (when we all know how cool and collected Trump normally is) Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE ABOUT MSM REPORTING AT: 21st Century Wire Media Cog FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22749,The Las Vegas and Weinstein Cover-ups: Boiler Room EP #132,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Shawn Helton (of 21st Century Wire) Andy Nowicki (The Nameless One) & Randy J (ACR & 21Wire Contributor) for the hundred and thirty second episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.On this episode of Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is further analyzing aspects of the Las Vegas Mandalay Bay mass shooting event with Shawn Helton joining to share his latest discovery with this exclusive 21Wire/ACR report. Shawn uncovers connections between the Phoenix charity foundation co-founded by Kymberley Suchomel, a survivor of the Las Vegas shooting, and the well known DHS related Geo Group. Kymberley Suchomel is reported to have died suddenly on October 9th, of apparent known health conditions.  The reason why the Geo Group link is so significant, is that prior to modern America s largest mass shooting in Las Vegas, an apparent survivor of the incident was operating a foundation that was accepting financial support from a large-scale company formerly known as The Wackenhut Corporation, a subsidiary of G4S Secure Solutions, one of the world s largest security firms, and a Department of Homeland Security connected conglomerate tied to the suspicious Orlando shooting in the summer of 2016   an event, that was previously the country s largest mass shooting.   Direct Download Episode #132 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22750,STRANGER THAN FICTION: Why Is Foundation of Vegas Shooting Survivor Sponsored By DHS Linked Firm?,"Shawn Helton  21st Century WireWhen looking at the deeply entangled mystery surrounding the Las Vegas mass shooting, there s been no shortage of questionable details and information that just doesn t add up.You know the old adage, truth is often stranger than fiction   VEGAS QUESTIONS    Who is working behind the scenes concerning the High Desert Phoenix Foundation? (Photo illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)The shooting involving the Las Vegas Mandalay Bay Resort and Route 91 Harvest Festival, has ushered in the brutal return of politicized mass tragedy in America. The dramatic nature of the surreal as of yet still motiveless crime, only adds to a traumatic event that is now being described as  the 9/11 of Mass Shootings. Similarly, over this past week, a story of concerning the sudden tragic death of a Las Vegas shooting survivor sent shock waves through both mainstream media and alternative media alike.As a chorus of gripping media reports detailed the unexpected death of 28 year-old Kymberley Jo (Synder) Suchomel (left photo Daily Press) in the days after the Las Vegas mass shooting, those still in search of answers in the aftermath of the tragedy were left captivated by her tale.By now, many may already be familiar with media accounts of Suchomel s harrowing tale of survival, who along with close friends, was said to have attended the Route 91 Harvest Festival the night of the Las Vegas shooting massacre.As the untimely circumstances of Suchomel s death have been conflated with the unexplained events in Las Vegas, many in alternative media have hastily assumed that the young fund raiser s death was somehow linked to her dispute of the Las Vegas mass shooting storyline via social media posts on a Facebook account associated with her. Subsequently, online interpretations of the Suchomel story have led to a digital firestorm on social media, producing a wave of speculation prior to a more complete analysis of the survivor s tale.Despite sensationalized reportage, at this time, there s no concrete evidence to prove a social media-based conspiracy concerning the death of Suchomel According to the original story first published by the Daily Press, we re told Suchomel died in her sleep as she was said to have suffered from epilepsy and had been  prone to seizures.  Additionally, Suchomel, who was reportedly taking medication for a pituitary tumor, was discovered dead by her grandmother Julie Norton at 8:30am on October 9th at her Apple Valley, California home. At this moment, an autopsy of Suchomel s death is still pending.QUESTION: Is it possible that  open source investigators  were being led into a virtual cul-de-sac and thus missing the real story?Media Tripwire?Undoubtedly, the uncanny timing of Suchomel s death has come on the heels of a brewing controversy over the Las Vegas mass shooting. This has led to increased speculation, turbo-charging even more spurious internet-based conspiracies and allegations. These now viral stories have simultaneously been published, as anonymous survivor claims from those close to Suchomel have presented Facebook messages associated with her account. Suchomel s claims also allude to multiple shooters involved in the Las Vegas shooting, as she allegedly planned to  organize a group of survivors, and that The media can suck it. They have no idea what went down! While Suchomel s story is compelling, you have to wonder   is there more than we ve been told?At face value, Suchomel s public account of the Las Vegas shooting is persuasive and does appear to question the official narrative. However, one should look at information from multiple angles in order to formulate a more full spectrum understanding of complex multilayered criminality.*UPDATE*   Below are two screen shots associated with a Linkedin profile under the name of Kymberley Suchomel. We at 21WIRE cannot verify if this profile is connected in anyway to the Las Vegas shooting survivor or not, but several similarities in the appearance of the individual, home location and the inclusion of an aero-space industry government contractor Aero-Zone, along with others, raises some serious questions The inclusion of the above Linkedin profile is not necessarily an endorsement of a larger conspiracy concerning the Suchomel saga. However, the Linkedin revelations above have surfaced at or around the same time as other government contractor links have been uncovered regarding the Las Vegas shooting survivor s charitable foundation. (see below)QUESTION:Is the Linkedin profile above a ruse, someone else   or another mysterious part of the Suchomel story?SEE ALSO: The Las Vegas Mass Shooting   More to the Story Than We ve Been ToldAlthough the police dispatch communication, along with eye-witness testimony reveals some startling information contradicting the official story surrounding the Las Vegas mass shooting, one must be cautious when looking at all of the available evidence of a suspicious crime   however difficult that may be.As larger outlets in alternative media such as Infowars have sensationalized this highly emotive aspect of the Las Vegas tragedy, a series of formulaic polarizing political points have become an echo chamber in its aftermath. This type of conjecture rapidly descends into wild speculation only serving to magnify emotionally driven elements of a particular story, something that could be used to deliberately steer public perception away from any potential forensic clues.It s important to remember that during same time SITE Intelligence injected an  ISIS meme  into the Las Vegas tragedy without revealing any solid evidence, Infowars quickly followed suit. This then prompted an apparent  official  statement that echoed those dubious claims from the terror group ISIS. Although these claims still linger, they ve failed to produce any real connection to ISIS.As we ve noted numerous times here at 21WIRE, the intelligence monitoring group called SITE, has ties to both the CIA and Israeli intelligence. The group has also had ethical concerns raised over the nature of their intel gathering in the last decade and according to the group s founder, Rita Katz they ve managed to release terror related material linked to ISIS prior to the group itself.  GEO GROUP    A private-for-profit corrections and detention firm formerly known as Wackenhut Corrections Corporation under the umbrella of The Wackenhut Corporation. (Image Source corporatewatch)Strange Bedfellows: Follow the MoneyWhat you re about to see below, is a collection of material revealing what appears to be a rather incredible financial component connected to the High Desert Phoenix Foundation, a charitable organization co-founded by the recently deceased Las Vegas mass shooting survivor Kymberley Suchomel. The High Desert Phoenix Foundation claims to have raised funds for grieving families affected by trauma since 2008. This amazing coincidence, rather incredibly, has not been mentioned once in any of the conspiratorial claims surrounding the Suchomel story at alternative media outlets. Put another way, a survivor of a traumatic event has been a long time co-founder of a foundation that contends to have helped those who have endured a traumatic tragedy themselves. It s a difficult question to ask    but what are the chances of this uncanny coincidence?Furthermore, new evidence uncovers details concerning the High Desert Phoenix Foundation s high-profile sponsors, one that includes the The GEO Group, Inc (GEO). This long time financial donor, is also linked to well-known government contractor security firms. Is this also a coincidence?In recent years, controversy has enveloped the multi-billion-dollar corporation known as Geo Group. Critics of GEO Group contend that politically motivated contributions have led to an expansion of its for-profit prisons system through federal, state and government contractual agreements at the expense of public safety. Even more concerning, is that critics argue that GEO Group has fostered a dangerous work environment via it s under staffed operations, inadequate training and apparent mistreatment of detainees and other inmates. This has led to a potentially volatile situation for communities nearby GEO Group s facilities. QUESTION: Does this sound like a suitable donor for a charitable foundation known for helping grieving families?In 1984, Wackenhut Corrections Corporation (WCC) had been formed as a part of The Wackenhut Corporation. In 2003, WCC management bought up all stock held by its subsidiary G4S, altering its name to The GEO Group, Inc.In 2004, other divisions of the Wackenhut Corporation were purchased by Group 4 Falck, a security focused subsidiary known as G4S Wackenhut, was later renamed again as G4S Secure Solutions.Here s a screen shot of the High Desert Phoenix Foundation s mission statement. Notice the modest look of the website   an organization with the financial backing of the multi-billion dollar GEO Group, one of the nation s largest for-profit prison operators The reason why the GEO Group link is so significant, is that prior to modern America s largest mass shooting in Las Vegas, an apparent survivor of the incident was operating a foundation that was accepting financial support from a large-scale company formerly known as The Wackenhut Corporation, a subsidiary of G4S Secure Solutions, one of the world s largest security firms, and a Department of Homeland Security connected conglomerate tied to the suspicious Orlando shooting in the summer of 2016   an event, that was previously the country s largest mass shooting. If you remember, 29-year old Omar Mateen, an Afghani-American was located in Port St. Lucie, Florida, about 120 miles outside of Orlando. In 2013, Mateen was placed under a terror watch list for 10 months (interviewed two to three times by the FBI 2013-14) and had worked for G4S Secure Solutions, headquartered in Jupiter, Florida, a company which was formerly part of a CIA-linked government contractor and security firm known as The Wackenhut Corporation.G4S, as it turns out, was the very first  designated  and certified Department of Homeland Security (DHS) contractor and recently secured a $234 million dollar contract with the federal cabinet department. In addition to apparently providing security solutions for  90 percent of U.S. nuclear facilities,  G4S, according to border patrol sources has also been tasked with the transportation and release of illegal immigrants inside the interior of the United States. At least one of Mateen s roles with G4S, was to transport and provide security for prisoner youths in Florida.Here s a screen shot from the High Desert Phoenix Foundation s website that proudly displays their billion dollar government contract linked  diamond  donor, The Geo Group Below is a link to the first discussion about the Geo Group connection as it relates to the Las Vegas mass shooting Boiler Room: Stranger than Fiction   New Anomalies in the Las Vegas Mass Shooting with Shawn Helton & HesherSEE ALSO: The Las Vegas and Weinstein Cover-ups: Boiler Room EP #132The amount of independent examination regarding the Las Vegas shooting case thus far is fairly staggering and in the wake of any multilayered event, one must proceed with caution when reviewing the available evidence, as the doorway for a  trial by media  frenzy in both mainstream media and alternative media could be used to derail sincere analysis.What should the public make of the the High Desert Phoenix Foundation s long time financial links to a high-profile government contractor?All of this comes, as the Las Vegas shooting star witness, Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos resurfaced to appear in what the public has been told will be his only media appearance to discuss this bizarre and highly questionable case.It s also worth mentioning that Campos failed to shed any more light on the shifting timeline of events associated with the Las Vegas mass shooting. Watch Campos  break his silence  in an interview that appeared on Ellen Stay tuned for any updates to this story 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22751,ANTIFA: Self-Appointed Radical Revolutionaries or Neoliberal Thought Police?," Antifa (Photo: Twitter)Diana Johnstone 21st Century Wire Fascists are divided into two categories, the fascists and the anti-fascists  ~ Ennio FlaianoIn recent weeks, a totally disoriented left has been widely exhorted to unify around a masked vanguard calling itself Antifa, for anti-fascist. Hooded and dressed in black, Antifa is essentially a variation of the Black Bloc, familiar for introducing violence into peaceful demonstrations in many countries. Imported from Europe, the label Antifa sounds more political. It also serves the purpose of stigmatizing those it attacks as  fascists .Despite its imported European name, Antifa is basically just another example of America s steady descent into violence.Historical PretensionsAntifa first came to prominence from its role in reversing Berkeley s proud  free speech  tradition by preventing right wing personalities from speaking there. But its moment of glory was its clash with rightwingers in Charlottesville on August 12, largely because Trump commented that there were  good people on both sides . With exuberant Schadenfreude, commentators grabbed the opportunity to condemn the despised President for his  moral equivalence , thereby bestowing a moral blessing on Antifa.Charlottesville served as a successful book launching for Antifa: the Antifascist Handbook, whose author, young academic Mark Bray, is an Antifa in both theory and practice. The book is  really taking off very fast , rejoiced the publisher, Melville House. It instantly won acclaim from leading mainstream media such as the New York Times,The Guardian and NBC, not hitherto known for rushing to review leftwing books, least of all those by revolutionary anarchists.The Washington Post welcomed Bray as spokesman for  insurgent activist movements  and observed that: The book s most enlightening contribution is on the history of anti-fascist efforts over the past century, but its most relevant for today is its justification for stifling speech and clobbering white supremacists. Bray s  enlightening contribution  is to a tell a flattering version of the Antifa story to a generation whose dualistic, Holocaust-centered view of history has largely deprived them of both the factual and the analytical tools to judge multidimensional events such as the growth of fascism. Bray presents today s Antifa as though it were the glorious legitimate heir to every noble cause since abolitionism. But there were no anti-fascists before fascism, and the label  Antifa  by no means applies to all the many adversaries of fascism.The implicit claim to carry on the tradition of the International Brigades who fought in Spain against Franco is nothing other than a form of innocence by association. Since we must revere the heroes of the Spanish Civil War, some of that esteem is supposed to rub off on their self-designated heirs. Unfortunately, there are no veterans of the Abraham Lincoln Brigade still alive to point to the difference between a vast organized defense against invading fascist armies and skirmishes on the Berkeley campus. As for the Anarchists of Catalonia, the patent on anarchism ran out a long time ago, and anyone is free to market his own generic.The original Antifascist movement was an effort by the Communist International to cease hostilities with Europe s Socialist Parties in order to build a common front against the triumphant movements led by Mussolini and Hitler.Since Fascism thrived, and Antifa was never a serious adversary, its apologists thrive on the  nipped in the bud  claim:  if only  Antifascists had beat up the fascist movements early enough, the latter would have been nipped in the bud. Since reason and debate failed to stop the rise of fascism, they argue, we must use street violence   which, by the way, failed even more decisively.This is totally ahistorical. Fascism exalted violence, and violence was its preferred testing ground. Both Communists and Fascists were fighting in the streets and the atmosphere of violence helped fascism thrive as a bulwark against Bolshevism, gaining the crucial support of leading capitalists and militarists in their countries, which brought them to power.Since historic fascism no longer exists, Bray s Antifa have broadened their notion of  fascism  to include anything that violates the current Identity Politics canon: from  patriarchy  (a pre-fascist attitude to put it mildly) to  transphobia  (decidedly a post-fascist problem).The masked militants of Antifa seem to be more inspired by Batman than by Marx or even by Bakunin.Storm Troopers of the Neoliberal War PartySince Mark Bray offers European credentials for current US Antifa, it is appropriate to observe what Antifa amounts to in Europe today.In Europe, the tendency takes two forms. Black Bloc activists regularly invade various leftist demonstrations in order to smash windows and fight the police. These testosterone exhibits are of minor political significance, other than provoking public calls to strengthen police forces. They are widely suspected of being influenced by police infiltration.As an example, last September 23, several dozen black-clad masked ruffians, tearing down posters and throwing stones, attempted to storm the platform where the flamboyant Jean-Luc M lenchon was to address the mass meeting of La France Insoumise, today the leading leftist party in France. Their unspoken message seemed to be that nobody is revolutionary enough for them. Occasionally, they do actually spot a random skinhead to beat up. This establishes their credentials as  anti-fascist .They use these credentials to arrogate to themselves the right to slander others in a sort of informal self-appointed inquisition.As prime example, in late 2010, a young woman named Ornella Guyet appeared in Paris seeking work as a journalist in various leftist periodicals and blogs. She  tried to infiltrate everywhere , according to the former director of Le Monde diplomatique, Maurice Lemoine, who  always intuitively distrusted her  when he hired her as an intern.Viktor Dedaj, who manages one of the main leftist sites in France, Le Grand Soir, was among those who tried to help her, only to experience an unpleasant surprise a few months later. Ornella had become a self-appointed inquisitor dedicated to denouncing  conspirationism, confusionism, anti-Semitism and red-brown  on Internet. This took the form of personal attacks on individuals whom she judged to be guilty of those sins. What is significant is that all her targets were opposed to US and NATO aggressive wars in the Middle East.Indeed, the timing of her crusade coincided with the  regime change  wars that destroyed Libya and tore apart Syria. The attacks singled out leading critics of those wars.Viktor Dedaj was on her hit list. So was Michel Collon, close to the Belgian Workers Party, author, activist and manager of the bilingual site Investig action. So was Fran ois Ruffin, film-maker, editor of the leftist journal Fakir elected recently to the National Assembly on the list of M lenchon s party La France Insoumise. And so on. The list is long.The targeted personalities are diverse, but all have one thing in common: opposition to aggressive wars. What s more, so far as I can tell, just about everyone opposed to those wars is on her list.The main technique is guilt by association. High on the list of mortal sins is criticism of the European Union, which is associated with  nationalism  which is associated with  fascism  which is associated with  anti-Semitism , hinting at a penchant for genocide. This coincides perfectly with the official policy of the EU and EU governments, but Antifa uses much harsher language.In mid-June 2011, the anti-EU party Union Populaire R publicaine led by Fran ois Asselineau was the object of slanderous insinuations on Antifa internet sites signed by  Marie-Anne Boutoleau  (a pseudonym for Ornella Guyet). Fearing violence, owners cancelled scheduled UPR meeting places in Lyon. UPR did a little investigation, discovering that Ornella Guyet was on the speakers list at a March 2009 Seminar on International Media organized in Paris by the Center for the Study of International Communications and the School of Media and Public Affairs at George Washington University. A surprising association for such a zealous crusader against  red-brown .In case anyone has doubts,  red-brown  is a term used to smear anyone with generally leftist views   that is,  red    with the fascist color  brown . This smear can be based on having the same opinion as someone on the right, speaking on the same platform with someone on the right, being published alongside someone on the right, being seen at an anti-war demonstration also attended by someone on the right, and so on. This is particularly useful for the War Party, since these days, many conservatives are more opposed to war than leftists who have bought into the  humanitarian war  mantra.The government doesn t need to repress anti-war gatherings. Antifa does the job.The Franco-African comedien Dieudonn  M Bala M Bala, stigmatized for anti-Semitism since 2002 for his tv sketch lampooning an Israeli settler as part of George W. Bush s  Axis of Good , is not only a target, but serves as a guilty association for anyone who defends his right to free speech   such as Belgian professor Jean Bricmont, virtually blacklisted in France for trying to get in a word in favor of free speech during a TV talk show. Dieudonn  has been banned from the media, sued and fined countless times, even sentenced to jail in Belgium, but continues to enjoy a full house of enthusiastic supporters at his one-man shows, where the main political message is opposition to war.Still, accusations of being soft on Dieudonn  can have serious effects on individuals in more precarious positions, since the mere hint of  anti-Semitism  can be a career killer in France. Invitations are cancelled, publications refused, messages go unanswered.In April 2016, Ornella Guyet dropped out of sight, amid strong suspicions about her own peculiar associations.The moral of this story is simple. Self-appointed radical revolutionaries can be the most useful thought police for the neoliberal war party.I am not suggesting that all, or most, Antifa are agents of the establishment. But they can be manipulated, infiltrated or impersonated precisely because they are self-anointed and usually more or less disguised.Silencing Necessary DebateOne who is certainly sincere is Mark Bray, author of The Intifa Handbook. It is clear where Mark Bray is coming from when he writes (p.36-7):  Hitler s  final solution  murdered six million Jews in gas chambers, with firing squads, through hunger an lack of medical treatment in squalid camps and ghettoes, with beatings, by working them to death, and through suicidal despair. Approximately two out of every three Jews on the continent were killed, including some of my relatives. This personal history explains why Mark Bray feels passionately about  fascism . This is perfectly understandable in one who is haunted by fear that  it can happen again .However, even the most justifiable emotional concerns do not necessarily contribute to wise counsel. Violent reactions to fear may seem to be strong and effective when in reality they are morally weak and practically ineffectual.We are in a period of great political confusion. Labeling every manifestation of  political incorrectness  as fascism impedes clarification of debate over issues that very much need to be defined and clarified.The scarcity of fascists has been compensated by identifying criticism of immigration as fascism. This identification, in connection with rejection of national borders, derives much of its emotional force above all from the ancestral fear in the Jewish community of being excluded from the nations in which they find themselves.The issue of immigration has different aspects in different places. It is not the same in European countries as in the United States. There is a basic distinction between immigrants and immigration. Immigrants are people who deserve consideration. Immigration is a policy that needs to be evaluated. It should be possible to discuss the policy without being accused of persecuting the people. After all, trade union leaders have traditionally opposed mass immigration, not out of racism, but because it can be a deliberate capitalist strategy to bring down wages.In reality, immigration is a complex subject, with many aspects that can lead to reasonable compromise. But to polarize the issue misses the chances for compromise. By making mass immigration the litmus test of whether or not one is fascist, Antifa intimidation impedes reasonable discussion. Without discussion, without readiness to listen to all viewpoints, the issue will simply divide the population into two camps, for and against. And who will win such a confrontation?A recent survey* shows that mass immigration is increasingly unpopular in all European countries. The complexity of the issue is shown by the fact that in the vast majority of European countries, most people believe they have a duty to welcome refugees, but disapprove of continued mass immigration. The official argument that immigration is a good thing is accepted by only 40%, compared to 60% of all Europeans who believe that  immigration is bad for our country . A left whose principal cause is open borders will become increasingly unpopular.Childish ViolenceThe idea that the way to shut someone up is to punch him in the jaw is as American as Hollywood movies. It is also typical of the gang war that prevails in certain parts of Los Angeles. Banding together with others  like us  to fight against gangs of  them  for control of turf is characteristic of young men in uncertain circumstances. The search for a cause can involve endowing such conduct with a political purpose: either fascist or antifascist. For disoriented youth, this is an alternative to joining the US Marines.American Antifa looks very much like a middle class wedding between Identity Politics and gang warfare. Mark Bray (page 175) quotes his DC Antifa source as implying that the motive of would-be fascists is to side with  the most powerful kid in the block  and will retreat if scared. Our gang is tougher than your gang.That is also the logic of US imperialism, which habitually declares of its chosen enemies:  All they understand is force.  Although Antifa claim to be radical revolutionaries, their mindset is perfectly typical the atmosphere of violence which prevails in militarized America.In another vein, Antifa follows the trend of current Identity Politics excesses that are squelching free speech in what should be its citadel, academia. Words are considered so dangerous that  safe spaces  must be established to protect people from them. This extreme vulnerability to injury from words is strangely linked to tolerance of real physical violence.Wild Goose ChaseIn the United States, the worst thing about Antifa is the effort to lead the disoriented American left into a wild goose chase, tracking down imaginary  fascists  instead of getting together openly to work out a coherent positive program. The United States has more than its share of weird individuals, of gratuitous aggression, of crazy ideas, and tracking down these marginal characters, whether alone or in groups, is a huge distraction. The truly dangerous people in the United States are safely ensconced in Wall Street, in Washington Think Tanks, in the executive suites of the sprawling military industry, not to mention the editorial offices of some of the mainstream media currently adopting a benevolent attitude toward  anti-fascists  simply because they are useful in focusing on the maverick Trump instead of themselves.Antifa USA, by defining  resistance to fascism  as resistance to lost causes   the Confederacy, white supremacists and for that matter Donald Trump   is actually distracting from resistance to the ruling neoliberal establishment, which is also opposed to the Confederacy and white supremacists and has already largely managed to capture Trump by its implacable campaign of denigration. That ruling establishment, which in its insatiable foreign wars and introduction of police state methods, has successfully used popular  resistance to Trump  to make him even worse than he already was.The facile use of the term  fascist  gets in the way of thoughtful identification and definition of the real enemy of humanity today. In the contemporary chaos, the greatest and most dangerous upheavals in the world all stem from the same source, which is hard to name, but which we might give the provisional simplified label of Globalized Imperialism. This amounts to a multifaceted project to reshape the world to satisfy the demands of financial capitalism, the military industrial complex, United States ideological vanity and the megalomania of leaders of lesser  Western  powers, notably Israel. It could be called simply  imperialism , except that it is much vaster and more destructive than the historic imperialism of previous centuries. It is also much more disguised. And since it bears no clear label such as  fascism , it is difficult to denounce in simple terms.The fixation on preventing a form of tyranny that arose over 80 years ago, under very different circumstances, obstructs recognition of the monstrous tyranny of today. Fighting the previous war leads to defeat.Donald Trump is an outsider who will not be let inside. The election of Donald Trump is above all a grave symptom of the decadence of the American political system, totally ruled by money, lobbies, the military-industrial complex and corporate media. Their lies are undermining the very basis of democracy. Antifa has gone on the offensive against the one weapon still in the hands of the people: the right to free speech and assembly.***Diana Johnstone is author of the introduction to her father s memoir, From MAD to Madness: Inside Pentagon Nuclear War Planning, by Paul H. Johnstone (Clarity Press).READ MORE FASCIST NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Fascist FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22752,VANISHED: ‘Hero Security Guard’ and Star Witness of Las Vegas Shooting is Missing,"TWO PROTAGONISTS: Jesus Campos, and alleged shooter Stephen Paddock.Last week, 21WIRE reported how the Las Vegas police and FBI had suddenly changed their story of the timeline of events associated with Mandalay Bay security guard  hero  and police star witness, Jesus Campos and the alleged shooter Stephen Paddock. *Note*   The Las Vegas mass shooting, currently modern America s deadliest, has already been cycled out of most trending media reports in less than two weeks, as most mainstream outlets have now focused the public s attention on a ready-to-go show trial involving disgraced Hollywood movie mogul Harvey Weinstein. In addition, reportage by former Project Veritas operative Laura Loomer, suggests that the Campos family may have had a gag order placed on them not to talk about the mass-shooting case.Now we can report that Jesus Campos is missing.This has all the hallmarks of a cover-up. Not surprisingly, the mainstream media appear to be disinterested in this story now.FOX News confirmed this morning:The Mandalay Bay security guard who disappeared last week moments before he was scheduled to break his silence in television interviews has not been seen since he went to a walk-in health clinic, his union president said.David Hickey of the Security, Police, and Fire Professionals of America (SPFPA) told reporters Friday that he got a text the night before saying Jesus Campos was taken to a UMC Quick Care facility, though he did not specify where or whom the text came from.A spokesperson at the UMC Quick Care, which has eight locations throughout the Las Vegas area, told Fox News on Monday that they had  heard nothing  about Campos visiting them.Multiple requests from Fox News for SPFPA to comment on the matter were not returned Monday.Hickey said he was meeting with MGM officials Thursday afternoon in the hours before Campos  scheduled television appearances, including one with Fox News.LAS VEGAS SECURITY GUARD JESUS CAMPOS DISAPPEARS MOMENTS BEFORE TV INTERVIEWS For the past four days he s been preparing   we had a meeting with MGM officials, and after that meeting was over, we talked about the interviews, we went to a private area, and when we came out, Mr. Campos was gone,  Hickey told reporters, according to Fox 5 Las Vegas.Hickey said Campos had requested to go public and wanted to tell his story and move on from the Oct. 1 shooting investigation. Police say he was shot just before the crazed gunman killed 58 at music festival on the Las Vegas Strip   though the sequence of events is still in dispute.Campos was last photographed in public on Oct. 10, accepting an  SPFPA Hero Award  for bravery in the line of duty, while dining with Hickey and others at a high-end Vegas steakhouse. But soon afterward, investigators said that the security guard was shot before the massacre, raising questions about whether the hotel did enough to prevent the bloodshed.Hickey has said that before he vanished, Campus was looking forward to telling his side of the story. Right now I m just concerned where my member is, and what his condition is. It s highly unusual,  Hickey said Friday.  I m hoping everything is OK with him and I m sure MGM or the union will let (media) know when we hear something,  he said.(Fox News  Greg Norman contributed to this report)SEE ALSO: The Las Vegas Mass Shooting   More to the Story Than We ve Been ToldREAD MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22753,TSA: US Residents from 9 States Will Need Passports for Domestic Flights,"This latest move by America s notorious Transportation Security Authority (TSA) seems to be step one in a move towards a national ID Card, complete with biometrics and embedded RFID technology.By forcing residents of nine states to get passports in order to board domestic flights, the TSA is de facto pushing those states towards the implementation of a new state-of-the-art ID card system.This will help to give real teeth to the  The Real ID Act It s just the next phase in the further militarization of US society.Forbes reports You may have thought you don t need a passport because you don t travel outside the United States. But for residents of nine states, that will change at the beginning of 2018 for any commercial flight, whether international or domestic.Nine states will no longer allow travelers to board an airplane with just their state issued driver s licenses as of January 22, 2018. To get past TSA security checkpoints, another form of identification will be required: passport, permanent resident card/green card or a military ID.The Real ID Act of 2005 states that state-issued IDs from these nine states do not meet the minimum security standards of the federal government:With just a few months until the Real ID Act goes into full effect, it is time to start planning now and look into getting your passport. Here is the airport signage, placed around the security checkpoints in airports to remind U.S. travelers of what;s to come (with my emphasis): Starting January 22, 2018, you will need a driver s license or ID from a state compliant with the REAL ID ACT, a state that has an extension for compliance, or an alternate ID to fly. For REAL ID information, and a list of acceptable IDs, visit tsa.gov.  Some states have started working on offering federally approved issued IDs that would not require a passport for domestic air travel. Check with your local government office to see if there is a different type of ID you can apply for, and the TSA website to clarify this situation. Because on January 22, 2018, the enforcement for those nine states will go into effect, and by 2020, even more people will end up needing a passport, as confirmed by the official website of the Transportation Security Administration.To repeat, if you re going to take a flight and you have a state-issued ID from one of those nine states listed above, unless your state has made federally approved changes before January, you should use a passport to go anywhere across the country, as all domestic travel is included in these new standards. (States other than those nine will not be affected.)Continue this story at ForbesREAD MORE TSA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire TSA FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22754,SUNDAY SCREENING: Operation Hollywood (2004),"Our weekly documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE.How many of your favorite movies have been shaped and directed by the Pentagon? Since the 1970 s, a number of successful Hollywood blockbuster hits, including Patton, Apocalypse Now, Top Gun, Three Kings, Saving Private Ryan, Blackhawk Down and others   have had their productions and budgets augmented by the US military machine   including the use military bases, heavy weaponry, submarines aircraft and aircraft carriers   generously made available to the studios  but at a price. The quid pro quo is that Pentagon s  experts  are then allowed to vet hundreds of screenplays each year, and even have direct input into the story lines.Operation Hollywood explores the cozy relationship between the big entertainment studios and the military industrial complex, and asks why Americans, and the world, accept that the Pentagon will use movies to promote its own brand of propaganda   in the furtherance of a US-centric global agenda of militarization. Watch:. Run time: 52 min Director: Emilio Pacull Distributor Arte France and Les Films d Ici (2004)For additional background on this topic, listen to author Jay Dyer s highly informative lecture on the subject.SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22755,Reflections on a World Gone Mad and Pushing Back against Neocolonialist Thuggery," Andre Vltchek Anti DiplomaticoThe following is an interview with ANDRE VLTCHEK by ALESSANDRO BIANCCHI, Chief Editor of the Italian political magazine Anti-Diplomatico:ALESSANDRO BIANCHI: Self-determination of peoples and respect for the borders and sovereignty of a country. This is of the most complicated issue for international law. How can it be articulated for the case of Catalonia?ANDRE VLTCHEK: Personally, I m not very enthusiastic about smaller nations forming their own states, particularly those in the West, where they would, after gaining  independence , remain in the alliances that are oppressing and plundering the entire world: like NATO or the European Union.Clearly, the breaking of the great country of Yugoslavia into small pieces was a hostile, evil design by the West, and particularly of Germany and Austria. The dissolution of Czechoslovakia after the so-called  Velvet Revolution  was a total idiocy.But Catalonia (or Basque Country), if it became independent, would become one of the richest parts of Europe. I don t think it would have any great positive or negative impact on the rest of the world. As an internationalist, I don t really care if they are separate from Spain or not, or whether they are even richer than they already are, as I care much more about what is happening in places such as Afghanistan, Venezuela or North Korea.On the other hand, the way Spain has now behaved in Catalonia, after the referendum, is a total disgrace. They decided to treat the Catalan people in the same way as Indonesians have been treating Papuans for decades. If this continues, it will all reach the point of no return: reconciliation will become impossible. You cannot start sexually harassing women and then break their fingers, one by one, just because they want to have their own state. You cannot injure hundreds of innocent people, who simply don t want to be governed from Madrid. That s absurd and thoroughly sick! Of course Spain used to commit holocausts all over what is now called Latin America, so it is  in their blood . But I don t think Catalans will allow this to be done to them.What about the constitution of Spain? Look, there should be nothing sacred about constitutions. In the West, they were written to protect the interests of the ruling classes. When they get outdated, they should be moderated, or totally rewritten. If Catalans or Basques want their independence, if they really want it, if it is so important for them, then why not   they should have it. Spain is not a  people s country . It is an oppressive Western bully. I would have a totally different position if some part of Bolivia or China were to try to secede.AB: Different situation and different reality. Another issue of fundamental international concern in this period is the referendum of Iraqi Kurdistan, which is likely to become the new fuse ready to explode in that area. Would it be the new Israel in the Middle East as someone has affirmed?AV: Well, that is really a very serious issue. I have worked in the Kurdish autonomous region of Iraq already twice, even on the  border  with Mosul, and what I saw there I did not like at all!It is clearly a  client  state of the West, of Turkey and to some extent, Israel. It is shamelessly capitalist, taking land from its own people, cheating them, just in order to pump and refine huge quantities of oil. It treats Syrian refugees like animals, forcing them to make anti-Assad statements. It is turning ancient Erbil into some bizarre shopping mall with nothing public in sight. Its military top brass is mainly US/UK-trained and indoctrinated. And it provokes Baghdad, day and night.I really strongly disliked what I saw there. If Iraqi Kurds were allowed to have their  independence , the impact on the region would be huge and certainly negative. Baghdad should not allow it, even at the cost of an armed confrontation.AB: Coming to the question of the moment: the nuclear escalation in North Korean and a possible escalation of war on the Korean peninsula. What is your opinion about Kim s strategy and what are the real risks?AV: There is only one real  risk  and danger: that the world is quickly accepting as inevitable the fact that the Western thuggish regimes can get away with absolutely anything. I see no other serious problem that the world today is facing.What is Kim s strategy? To defend his people by all means, against the brutal force that has already murdered millions of men, women and children of Korea. That brutal force is the West and its allies. It is all very simple, but only if one is willing to turn off the BBC and to use his or her own brain, it becomes  obvious .AB: According to many, for Pyongyang the nuclear bomb is becoming more and more vital because it is increasingly feared that the country will end up like Iraq and Libya. Do you not believe that the sanctions of the United Nations are therefore totally ineffective and counterproductive because they fuel this escalation?AV: Of course, but they [sanctions] are still imposed on the victim! It is because almost no one dares to laugh straight in the faces of Western demagogues and dictators. The world resembles the areas occupied by the Nazi Germany and Italy and Japan during the WWII. There, nobody would dare to vote independently, defending victims of fascism.AB: The US Federation of Science (FAS) estimates that in 2017 North Korea has  fissile material to potentially produce 10 to 20 nuclear warheads  even if it is strongly suspected that none can be considered ready for launch. The US possesses 6,800 nuclear heads. The French and British (respectively 300 and 215 respectively) included, NATO s nuclear forces have 7,315 nuclear warheads, of which 2,200 are ready to launch, compared to 7,000 held by the Russians, of which 1,950 are ready to launch. With Chinese (270), Pakistani (120-130), Indian (110-120) and Israeli (80), the total number of nuclear warheads is estimated to be around 15,000 by default. The West is a nuclear oligopoly that can only create an escalation with those who feel threatened, and so the threatened search to procure them. Is North Korea the only source of nuclear threat to the world, as it seems in the mainstream media?AV: Of course, North Korea is no threat at all. I have already spoken about it during countless televised interviews. I visited North Korea and mingled with its people. There, nobody wants war. The North Korean people paid a terrible price for their independence. Its civilians were murdered mercilessly in tunnels by Western forces; its women were brutally raped, entire villages and towns leveled to the ground, or burned to ashes. All this is never discussed in the West, but is remembered in North Korea.Now, absolutely shameless British propaganda is  preparing  the world public for the  inevitability  of the war. You know, if someone in this day and age still believes that the United States is the only culprit, he or she is perhaps living in some deep isolated trench or a cave. Indoctrination and brainwashing is mainly designed,  Made in Europe , most evidently in the UK, where most of the people have already lost all their ability to think rationally. The British colonialist propaganda apparatus is terribly sinister, but strategically it is simply brilliant! It was utilized for centuries, and it even succeeded in  programming  the brains of the victims in the sub-Continent, Africa and elsewhere.Of course, your numbers are correct and all that is happening is thoroughly absurd! But day and night people are told that North Korea represents a true danger to the world. The same was said about the Soviet Union, China, Cuba, Iraq, Afghanistan and many other countries. Most of these countries have already been destroyed.North Korea s sin is that it refuses to surrender, to fall on its knees, to sacrifice its people. It refuses to become a slave. For centuries, European and later US colonialism punished such defiance in the most brutal ways. Western culture is, after all, based and built on slavery. It demands absolute compliance, unconditional submission.If North Korea is attacked, it should fight back! And it will.AB: The United Nations adopted the important Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in July. The United Nations is often used (in alternate ways and countries): this Treaty is ignored by all nuclear powers, including by members of NATO with US nuclear weapons (including Italy). NATO has banned member states from ratifying it. Can the West have a moralist attitude to those who pursue a deterrent in order not to not end up like Saddam and Gaddafi?AV: The West is like an army of brigands that has managed to overrun some city, to rape everything that moves, burn the center, loot houses and shops and then execute all leading thinkers and defenders. A few days later they see someone stealing a bunch of bananas from a fruit stall. And they catch him, and judge him, and feel totally morally righteous. It is all so comical! But that is not how you are supposed to see it!AB: Russia and China (with Iran, Venezuela and many other countries) are intensifying de-dollarization in their mutual exchanges. Does it envisage a gradual weakening of the dollar capable of affecting international finance and what geopolitical repercussions?AV: Yes, definitely! And you should talk about it to my friend, Peter Koenig, a true dissident, a former economist at the World Bank, who is now actually advising many countries on de-dollarization.US dollars should not be used anymore. Western institutions should be ignored. Totally new structures should be, and are being erected. China and Russia are, of course, in the lead. All this is extremely important and can change the world, in the near future.AB: Venezuela, with the convening of the Constituent Assembly, turned off the coup attempts of the opposition. In Brazil Lula is favored in polls, while in Argentina the former President Cristina Fernandez is back in the Senate with strong popular support. So it was not the end of the progressive cycle, as the mainstream has for years stated?AV: Of course it was not the end! The desire of Lain Americans to live in just and egalitarian societies is too strong; it cannot be destroyed overnight.There were some serious setbacks   in Argentina and Brazil. And Venezuela is suffering immensely, battered by its own shameless elites sponsored from abroad. But the country is still standing.In Brazil, Temer is immensely unpopular. His  constitutional coup  will soon backfire. PT will be back, in its old form or in a new one. And it will be much stronger than before. The same goes for Argentina. You see, despite all the media manipulation, propaganda and shameless lies, people are already realizing that they were fooled. They want some decency back, they want socialism and pride and hope! They want true independence.In two weeks from now I m going back to South America. My book of essays is being published by LOM, soon, and LOM is a very important left-wing publishing house in Chile. These days I go back to South America often. It is one of the frontlines, battlegrounds, where people struggle against Western imperialism and its lackeys!These are very important, fascinating times! I have just published my latest book, about  The Great October Socialist Revolution  of 1917, in Russia. Its legacy is now relevant, more than ever before in history. It gave birth to internationalism, and internationalism is the only movement, which can still save the world, and which can defeat Western nihilism and its barefaced, cynical pillage of the planet!***Andre Vltchek is a philosopher, novelist, filmmaker and investigative journalist. He has covered wars and conflicts in dozens of countries. Three of his latest books are his tribute to  The Great October Socialist Revolution  a revolutionary novel  Aurora  and a bestselling work of political non-fiction:  Exposing Lies Of The Empire . View his other books here. Watch Rwanda Gambit, his groundbreaking documentary about Rwanda and DRCongo and his film/dialogue with Noam Chomsky  On Western Terrorism . Vltchek presently resides in East Asia and the Middle East, and continues to work around the world. He can be reached through his website and his Twitter.READ MORE FROM ANDRE VLTCHEK: 21ST CENTURY IMPERIALISM FILESSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22756,John McAfee on Hacking Smartphones and Why BITCOIN is Here to Stay,"The world of personal digital devices is moving at a rapid rate and few cyber pundits are as well positioned to comment on all of these developments   as cyber security expert John McAfee. While attending an international tech conference in Romania, McAfee discusses a number of important personal privacy issues,  including how hackers can access your smartphone and why, and the safety of crypto-currencies in today s world of data-mining, along with trojan horses, the strategy behind malware and remote cyber attacks.Watch this very informative interview: READ MORE BITCOIN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bitcoin FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22757,Black Politician Explains Why Left’s ‘Racist’ Critique of Trump is Wrong,"Is the Democratic Party really the  party of the oppressed  and of  blacks and minorities ? Critics have accused the Democrat Party has been accused of cynically cultivating a  dependence class  whose main function for the party is to bring home the minority vote every few years.Were African-Americans better, or worse off   after eight years of a Democratic White House?US Senate candidate Derrick Grayson from the state of Georgia explains the actual racist roots of the Democratic Party in America, the tragic loss of Black American icons Martin Luther King and Malcolm X, and how the liberal left have successfully managed to use and manipulate minorities in America since the the FDR era.Watch this incredible impromptu piece to camera by an passionate Grayson: READ MORE POLITICALLY CORRECT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire PC FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22758,Santilli Freed Under Plea Pact as Vegas Shooting Casts Shadow on Bundy Trial," LONG SHADOW: The wake of the recent mass tragedy in Las Vegas has overtaken various current events, including the Bundy Trial (Image: Mandalay Bay Hotel & Resort) By Mark Anderson The TRUTH HOUNDLAS VEGAS Although the ongoing Bundy trial in the U.S. District Court in Las Vegas, Nevada has had its share of dramatic changes, that s especially true lately.A major twist is that internet-radio personality Pete Santilli   one of seven defendants in the trial that had been set to begin with jury selection on Oct. 10th before it was delayed again  plead guilty (on Friday, Oct. 6) and was released pending sentencing,  confirmed his attorney, Chris Rasmussen of Las Vegas.Rancher Cliven Bundy held without trial for over 18 months.In that highly anticipated trial, with Santilli now excluded due to his plea, the federal government is trying elder rancher Cliven Bundy (image, left), his sons Ammon and Ryan, and  militia leader  Ryan Payne. Two other defendants, O. Scott Drexler and Eric Parker, who are being retried for a third time from earlier proceedings will join the others in this second of three planned trials.Another development affecting the trial is concern that the Oct. 1st mass shooting at Mandalay Bay Hotel might prevent the defendants from getting a fair shake. According to Ryan Payne s attorney, the Vegas shooting has the potential to bias jurors, and has asked that the trial be moved to Nevada s second largest city, Reno, located seven hours north of Las Vegas.But while moving the proceedings 450 miles away to Reno s federal court appears unlikely as of this writing, the Las Vegas federal court issued yet another delay in this complicated trial. Therefore, the previously announced Oct. 10 date for jury selection for the second trial will be changed to on, or around, Oct. 30th.And even that could be subject to change again, given the already bumpy track record of this multiple-defendant case   in which the federal government has had a hard time making its allegations stick.Only Gregory Burleson, who s wheelchair-bound and reportedly has developed blindness, has been sentenced   to 68 years, no less. He was convicted in the first trial that began in early February. A co-defendant in that trial, Todd Engel, is expected to be sentenced Dec. 22, though several other defendants have been cleared of numerous charges.SANTILLI S JOURNEYSantilli, who shot extended livestream video footage at the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge building near Burns, Oregon, was held on remand for his role in that latter-2015, early-2016 affair.The controversial internet radio personality has had his share of critics, both in and out of the court room. Some critics alleged that his some of the  journalistic  coverage shot in Oregon enabled the government to more closely monitor the Bundys and their supporters who had peacefully occupied the abandoned building to protest onerous federal land controls and the unlawful arrest of the Hammonds, local ranchers who had fallen foul of federal agents from the Bureau of Land Management (BLM). Others, however, felt his coverage would have provided a helpful account of events had federal agents decided to take the building by force. During the Oregon hearings, his defense attorney argued that much footage which he had broadcast on his YouTube channel should be considered as protected speech under the First Amendment.On the eve of last September s Oregon trial   Santilli had all charges dismissed against him.Although later cleared of Oregon-related charges, Santilli remained in federal custody and was transferred to Nevada to stand trial for his role in the famous spring 2014  standoff  at Bundy Ranch in Bunkerville, Nevada   an event that saw Cliven Bundy, his sons and other supporters gather to protest the policies of the BLM and other  agencies.Federal agents unsuccessfully attempted to confiscate Cliven s cattle over alleged claims that he owed significant federal grazing fees, and concerning a EPA court order over a contested environmental mitigation policy concerned the relocation of the Desert Tortoise. From the onset of the controversy, Cliven Bundy has maintained the federal government lacks jurisdiction in that part of southern Nevada and that the fees don t apply, citing legal and historical matters.Santilli: released before the trial.In Nevada, Santilli pleaded guilty to Count 2   a single felony count of obstruction of justice, based on the government s claim that he used his own vehicle to impede the movement of an approaching BLM convoy during the attempted cattle impoundment. Interestingly, during that incident, after the convoy stopped, federal agents and their guard dogs were then confronted by members of the Bundy family and their supporters. Santilli then filmed the altercation   including federal agents tasering Ammon Bundy, and posted it on YouTube, which went instantly viral, garnering nearly 1.5 million views in just a few days. The video was then syndicated on FOX News and other national outlets. Many had credited Santilli s original video entitled,  Ranch Riot as one of the key catalysts for the one thousand or so supporters and militia who then arrived at Bundy Ranch over the following 72 hours before the standoff on April 12, 2014.Like all the other defendants, he was initially charged with all 16 counts contained in the original federal complaint   which carried a potential maximum sentence of life in prison, upon conviction for all or most of those counts.Interestingly, Santilli s attorney, Mr. Rasmussen, motioned in court, and later told this writer, that the government may consider the prison time that Santilli has already served   behind bars since Jan. 26, 2016   as either sufficient punishment for that felony charge in a best-case scenario, or the court may at least consider giving him credit for that time served, even if he s given a longer sentence at his expected sentencing hearing on Jan. 11, 2018 at 8 a.m.PLEA BARGAIN DETAILSA reading of the plea agreement shows that the government reserves the right to impose a longer prison term, possibly six years, on Santilli.Also, Rasmussen noted that residing Judge Gloria Navarro is not bound by the agreement s recommendations, meaning she could choose to alter them when she sentences Santilli.Meanwhile, two pending defense motions   one to exclude Oregon-related evidence in the government s Nevada case against Santilli, and another to challenge the government s claim that Santilli could not excuse his Nevada actions because of his journalistic background   have become moot due to this plea bargain, Rasmussen added.The agreement s terms may raise the question of whether the other defendants  actions will be seen in a more negative light, given the fact that Santilli s guilty plea to the felony-obstruction charge requires   under penalty of perjury   that he accept the following government-sourced narrative as  true and correct. The maximum penalty for  Conspiracy to Impede or Injure a Federal Officer,  as this count against Santilli is formally named under 18 U.S.C.  372, is six years imprisonment, a fine of $250,000, or both.But in the shifting sands of these proceedings, the understanding at this juncture is that Santilli will owe neither a fine nor restitution, nor will there be forfeiture of his assets   provided he meets the terms of his release until he s sentenced. Although according to Rasmussen, Santilli will not be electronically monitored, despite speculation that he would be tagged.RETURNING TO INTERNET RADIONotably, Santilli, who is expected to return to his hometown of Cincinnati, Ohio, during the week starting Monday Oct. 16, will reportedly be allowed, at least for the time being, to resume broadcasting his news content.Asked if Santilli would be able to comment on the Bundy trial itself, Rasmussen replied in writing:  He can do whatever he wants as long as he s not committing crimes.  The First Amendment allows him to comment on anything unless it is threatening or inciting violence. Furthermore, attorney Rasmussen said that Santilli is under a  self-imposed  gag order, not a government-imposed one, meaning he has chosen not to talk to reporters.Also, Santilli will not testify against the other defendants and will not have to turn over his journalistic  work products,  but only  raw discovery  information from court proceedings. And the plea bargain stresses he must remain crime-free regarding federal, state and local laws and among other things must avoid any known association with anyone who s breaking any law. The plea agreement also restricts him from significant travel   initially only between southern Nevada and Cincinnati, Ohio.Nor can Santilli possess a gun or any other item deemed by the government as a weapon. Just failing to show up for a hearing or some other procedural matter, let alone larger infractions, could result in this deal being dissolved.STAY TUNED FOR MORE UPDATESREAD MORE BUNDY RANCH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bundy Ranch FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22759,Another Revision in Las Vegas Mass Shooting – Amid Mandalay Bay Security Guard’s Media Silence,"Shawn Helton 21st Century WireFor the second time this week, Las Vegas police officials and the FBI have revised significant timeline details associated with the Las Vegas mass shooting. What does this latest change mean?*Note*   The Las Vegas mass shooting, currently modern America s deadliest, has already been cycled out of most trending media reports in less than two weeks, as most mainstream outlets have now focused the public s attention on a ready-to-go show trial involving disgraced Hollywood movie mogul Harvey Weinstein. While abuse of any kind is abhorrent, you have to wonder why the Las Vegas massacre has seemingly been flushed out of the mainstream coverage so rapidly following a media frenzy collapse of a Hollywood insider.Over the past 24 hours, independent reportage by former Project Veritas operative Laura Loomer, suggests that the Campos family may have had a gag order placed on them concerning details related to the Las Vegas shooting case. However, official confirmation of this aspect of the case is still pending.This story follows yet another major shift in the Las Vegas shooting timeline, as accounts on social media also suggest that some from independent media were kept out of the latest Las Vegas press conference.SEE ALSO: The Las Vegas Mass Shooting   More to the Story Than We ve Been ToldIncredibly, police and FBI have once again revised timeline details associated with Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos and the alleged shooter   now stating that the guard s encounter with the suspected gunman started near the same time as the concert mass shooting.UNSURE: Lombardo looks down in doubt as overseer FBI special agent Aaron Rouse keeps a watchful eye over the struggling Sheriff.Watch below as a noticeably agitated Las Vegas Sheriff Joseph Lombardo, now claims that the 9:59 time frame is when Campos supposedly investigated a nearby door alarm on the 32nd floor as previously reported when this story first broke.The Las Vegas Review Journal confirms: The sheriff said Monday that Stephen Paddock shot Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos at 9:59 p.m., about six minutes before the gunman turned his weapons on the Route 91 Harvest festival crowd below his hotel suite. He previously reported Campos was shot after the attack on the concert crowd. Here s the latest LVMPD press conference concerning the Las Vegas mass shooting on October 13th One of the more disturbing aspects of the aftermath of the Las Vegas mass shooting has been the production of emotionally charged press conferences that have inundated viewers with endless canned talking points, constant revisions of timeline details and reversed statements   all serving to continually cloud the official story.Lombardo also lashed out at critics of the investigation: In the public space, the word  incompetence  has been brought forward,  he said.  And I am absolutely offended with that characterization.  (Review Journal)To the casual observer, you have to wonder why they haven t been able to keep a straight story. If the police are getting such basic elements of the story wrong   then the public has to ask: what else have they got wrong?This type of ritualized media grandstanding has become an almost mechanical hallmark following most large-scale  active shooter  and  first responder  events, as it usually dissolves into more of a media parade meant to convince the public of certain details of a crime   rather than address forensic anomalies which clearly don t add up.While law enforcement looks to tie up loose ends and shore up any early holes or bizarre theories, it s possible that a more thorough analysis of all the forensic data in the case will be pushed into the background, as any new information may be introduced to steer those critical of the official story.Over the past 24 hours, reports state that Campos, who was scheduled for at least five TV interviews, abruptly disappeared prior to those appearances. One such interview included a FOX News interview with Sean Hannity. This twist in the Las Vegas shooting has added another bizarre aspect to an already strange case. Here s FOX News below: The Mandalay Bay security guard shot by Stephen Paddock in the moments leading up to the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history was set to break his silence Thursday night with five television interviews, including one on Fox News, Campos  union president said.Except when the cameras were about to roll, and media gathered in the building to talk to him, Campos reportedly bolted, and, as of early Friday morning, it wasn t immediately clear where he was. We were in a room and we came out and he was gone,  Campos  union president told reporters, according to ABC News  Stephanie Wash. The motive for the Las Vegas mass shooting crime still remains unclear *** 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22760,"Boiler Room EP #131 – Gender Fluid Scouts, Hollyweirdness & Eminem The Establishment Rapper","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side  Andy Nowicki (The Nameless One), Randy J and Fvnk$oul (ACR and 21Wire contributors) for the hundred and thirty first episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on Boiler Room the ACR Brain-Trust is examining the change in the Boy Scouts of America allowing girls into the club, Harvey Weinstein s perverted history in Hollywood, the potential ramifications of his being outed as a sexual predator who s been covered for by the mainstream media and leftist politicians for many years and giving a good beat down to rapper, Eminem, who foolishly decided to throw his rap stylings into the political realm and failed miserably.Direct Download Episode #131 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22761,The Las Vegas Mass Shooting – More to the Story Than We’ve Been Told,"Shawn Helton 21st Century WireAlthough many are still stunned in the aftermath of the Route 91 Festival tragedy   a series of  unanswered questions persist following what has been described by media as the deadliest mass shooting in modern US history. The motive for the Las Vegas mass shooting crime still remains unclear.  MANDALAY MAYHEM    There s been a host of unexplained anomalies in the Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino shooting massacre. (Photo illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)The Imprint of Mass TragedyThe recent mass shooting involving the Las Vegas Mandalay Bay Resort and Casino, marks the return of heavily politicized mass shootings in America. Although America has seen a host of smaller, less sensationalized mass shootings throughout the course of 2017, including the bizarre Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting, this latest high-profile calamity has resuscitated the trauma inducing imagery so prevalent in the post-9/11 War On Terror era. Likewise, because its unlikely aspects, combined with the sheer spectacle of the drama   one might surmise that this Las Vegas event is akin to something like  the 9/11 of Mass Shootings. Over the past several years, 21WIRE has chronicled many bizarre shootings and mass casualty incidents that have rippled across America and Europe. These events have become a new kind of ritualized  crimescape  that has injected the masses with a host of socio-political concerns over race, religion, gun reform and security, while obscuring and obfuscating the forensic reality of the crimes themselves.As we ve stated before, all too often there s a heavy emphasis on the theatrical stage-like persona of any alleged attacker or killer being touted as hard evidence. This aspect of the narrative also clouds the alleged modis operandi and can later be presented in sensationalized media as circumstantial evidence of an apparent crime, despite the fact any so-called evidence would likely result in many hours of analysis and debate, potentially without an ultimate conclusion, even if the evidence eventually reached a court room setting.The Las Vegas mass shooting story appears to be no exception .It s been over a week after one America s largest mass shootings, and we have yet to see any CCTV footage of the alleged killer s  sniper s nest  or his whereabouts leading up to the tragedy, as he moved in and around Las Vegas. We re told the alleged shooter outfitted cameras around his hotel room and door, a room supposedly filled to the brim with a military arsenal. As the investigation continues to simmer, confusion over major parts of the official story, has led to powder keg of pressure that has resulted in heavy criticism from members of the public and new independent media alike.QUESTION: Why would hotel staff not be alerted to the mounting of cameras and the massive amount of gear being brought to the room prior to the shooting massacre and why is there no footage of the apparent shooter using the freight elevator as is now claimed?UPDATE: Another Revision in Las Vegas Mass Shooting   Amid Mandalay Bay Security Guard s Media SilenceIn this report we will attempt to address some of the main questions and unlikely coincidences surrounding the Las Vegas shooting. We re told that this tragic shooting attack was carried out by one individual without a criminal past  but is there more to the story?  ROOM WITH A VIEW    Mystery shrouds the Las Vegas shooting   why is there no eye-witness testimony from guests on the 32nd floor? (Image Source: twitter)Shooting Timeline RevisedFollowing a brand new press conference this week, Las Vegas sheriff Joseph Lombardo revealed a complete change in the official timeline of the October 1st Las Vegas mass shooting.The LA Times explains the major chasm in the official narrative: In a timeline released last week, investigators said Paddock had stopped firing at the concert across the street at 10:15 p.m., and the first police officers arrived on the floor at 10:17 p.m. and encountered the wounded Campos at 10:18 p.m., who directed the officers to Paddock s suite.Police were not in a hurry to enter Paddock s suite because the security guard s arrival had halted the shooting, police implied in previously describing the timeline. Paddock had killed himself by the time officers entered the room, they said.In a news conference Wednesday, Lombardo said it was his  assumption  that Paddock stopped his shooting spree because the gunman, using his spy cameras,  observed the security guard, and he was in fear that he was about to be breached, so he was doing everything possible to figure out how to escape at that point. All of this has transpired as media reports now state that Stephen Paddock first checked into the Mandalay Bay hotel room 135 on September 25th, not the 28th as previously reported by the police and FBI. You have to wonder what happened over those 72 hours leading up to one of America s deadliest mass shootings, as well as question the shift in details concerning the hotel check-in date.QUESTION: Why have authorities misled the public about the Las Vegas shooting timeline   and why did it take a so long to breach the hotel suite after police knew much earlier that a shooting had taken place inside the hotel?The updated timeline is a major shift in the official story, as it raises questions about why law enforcement took so long to respond to the shooter s hotel room. Furthermore, it exposes the Mandalay Bay security guard s heroic back story which suggested he stopped the shooter from continuing his shooting massacre. In the early days of this investigation this part of the story was gleefully parroted by mainstream media.According to authorities, the Mandalay Bay hotel security guard Jesus Campos  was alone and unarmed  when he discovered the purported shooter, facing some 200 rounds in the process, somehow surviving the massive gunfire with a minor leg injury. Based on the amount reported gunfire, the public would have likely seen heavy damage inside the hotel hallway and outside the suite in at least several areas of the 32nd floor, not to mention there would also be additional witnesses within earshot of the shooting. This is something that would have resulted in multiple 911 calls to police.The new report concerning Campos and the shooting timeline, now puts Las Vegas officials in the hot seat, as they now have no known reason why the alleged shooter would have stopped his rampage.Not only do these new details challenge police response time but the very nature of how the shooting started, a stark contrast to police and FBI press conference details from the beginning of this investigation. Another major aspect is the 6 minute time frame Mandalay Bay recognized a shooting occurring inside their hotel prior to the concert mass shooting. Speculation and confusion has enveloped the Campos story, as mainstream reports now state there s an armed private security guard outside of the Mandalay Bay security guard s home following the Las Vegas shooting.Interestingly, the Mandalay Bay security guard who was previously hailed as a hero, remains completely absent from any TV interviews.*Update*  New reports state that Campos, who was scheduled for at least five TV interviews, abruptly disappeared prior to those appearances. One such interview included a FOX News interview with Sean Hannity. This new twist in the Las Vegas shooting adds another bizarre aspect to an already strange case. Here s FOX News below: The Mandalay Bay security guard shot by Stephen Paddock in the moments leading up to the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history was set to break his silence Thursday night with five television interviews, including one on Fox News, Campos  union president said.Except when the cameras were about to roll, and media gathered in the building to talk to him, Campos reportedly bolted, and, as of early Friday morning, it wasn t immediately clear where he was. We were in a room and we came out and he was gone,  Campos  union president told reporters, according to ABC News  Stephanie Wash. QUESTION: What s the real story behind the main eye-witness in this case?*Update* Independent reportage by former Project Veritas operative Laura Loomer, suggests that the Campos family may have had a gag order placed on them concerning details related to the Las Vegas shooting case. However, official confirmation of this aspect of the case is still pending.This follows yet another major shift in the Las Vegas shooting timeline.Amazingly, police have once again revised timeline details associated with Mandalay Bay security guard Jesus Campos and the alleged shooter   now stating that the guard s encounter with the suspected gunman started near the same time as the concert mass shooting. A noticeably agitated Las Vegas sheriff Joseph Lombardo, now claims that the 9:59 time frame is when Campos supposedly investigated a nearby door alarm on the 32nd floor as previously reported.Interestingly, according to a published article at the LA Times this week, a Mandalay Bay spokeswoman appeared to challenge elements of this latest Las Vegas shooting timeline but did not elaborate: A spokeswoman for the company that owns Mandalay Bay seemed to dispute the police timeline given to The Times on Tuesday but did not explain why.This remains an ongoing investigation with a lot of moving parts. As evidenced by law enforcement briefings over the past week, many facts are still unverified and continue to change as events are under review, MGM Resorts International spokeswoman Debra DeShong said in a statement.  We cannot be certain about the most recent timeline that has been communicated publicly, and we believe what is currently being expressed may not be accurate.DeShong added,  It is not appropriate for us to comment further at this time on what remains an open matter for law enforcement. Here s a look at Las Vegas sheriff Joseph Lombardo giving an emotive and evasive press conference on October 9th as FBI agent Aaron Rouse looms in the background Days ago, after several online theories emerged suggesting the possibility that multiple shooters were involved in the Las Vegas shooting, Lombardo entertained the idea that Paddock may not have been alone in the hotel suite. Since then he s updated this theory after the October 9th press conference stating that there was  no second shooter.  This follows a week of shifting narratives, red herrings and misinformation, as its now stated police do not believe anyone else entered Paddock s hotel suite.In spite of the new change to the timeline, Clark County Assistant Sheriff Tom Roberts maintains that  the hotel dispatched its own armed security team to the 32nd floor, which arrived  right around the same time  as Las Vegas police, who officials have said arrived on the floor at 10:17 p.m. But the gunman had already fired his final shots out his hotel window at 10:15 p.m. It s important to note, at 10:12pm or 10:13 pm, an officer on the 31st floor reported hearing  fully automatic  gunfire one floor above him.By 10:24 pm authorities located Paddock s hotel suite with SWAT and remained outside the suspected gunman s room. Interestingly, at 10:28 pm reports state there may have been a second gunman on the 29th floor but this was later believed to be an  erroneous  account according law enforcement.At 11:20 pm, police explode the suspected gunman s door, locating a body on the floor supposedly dead from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head.Based on Roberts claim above, there would have been a full 56 minutes before the hotel suite breach was said to taken place.QUESTION: Will there be additional revisions in the official timeline to come   as this story continues to go sideways?Here s a screen shot of the first official timeline of the shooting in the first 24-48 hours after the incident. You have to wonder why the story has been altered so dramatically since then Today reported the following updated information concerning the Las Vegas shooting. Watch as Today interviews a second eye-witness in the case: Stephen Schuck was one of the first people to encounter Paddock when he went to check out a faulty fire exit door on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay and Casino on Oct. 1, according to a new timeline of events. I was about a third of the way down the hallway and I started to hear shots go off,  he told TODAY in an exclusive interview Wednesday.Schuck then saw hotel security guard, Jesus Campos, stick out his head from a doorway.He yelled at me to take cover, and as soon as I started to go to a door to my left, the rounds started coming down the hallway,  Shuck said.  I could feel them pass right behind my head. Something hit me in the back and I took cover. I tried to think, how I could get to Jesus because I could that see he was shot in the leg, and I just told myself, wait for him, he s going to have to stop shooting some time. It was kind of relentless. According to reports, Schuck  calmly  called police over his radio following the apparent start of the mass shooting.Here s Today s Matt Lauer interviewing the second hotel eye-witness, Mandalay Bay hotel maintenance man Stephen Schuck As a barrage of media speculation continues in any high-profile case, a series of formulaic polarizing political points become an echo chamber in its tragic aftermath. This is something that rapidly descends into wild speculation which only serves to magnify any emotionally driven aspect that might later be presented as a definitive motive to carry out a crime. Very often, we ve seen the discovery of a seemingly ready-made manifesto, laundry list of hateful rhetoric or collected material from an alleged killer retained as ironclad proof of a crime. However, current analysis of the alleged Mandalay Bay shooter has failed to yield any such results, in spite of a chorus of overzealous and misinformed reportage from both mainstream media and alternative media there has not been any concrete material linked to Paddock thus far.It should be mentioned that there have been a bevy of accusations suggesting various political and terror affiliations from certain alternative media circles, as mainstream media continues to float the idea that Paddock may have been radicalized, due to evidence revealing a series of cruises taken to the Middle East in recent years by the alleged Las Vegas shooter. But so far these claims remain unconfirmed by authorities.Time will tell if this line of conjecture is perhaps a red-herring meant to corral and ensnare the public by way of an overtly politicized emotional appeal.In cases such as the Las Vegas shooting, one should be careful to not jump to any conclusions, as we ve reached the slow drip phase by which information is being conveyed by authorities and media. While law enforcement looks to tie up loose ends and shore up any early holes or bizarre theories, its possible that a more thorough analysis of all the forensic data in the case will be pushed into the background, as new information may be introduced to steer critics of the official story.It is ironic that the investigation into the Las Vegas shooting, one of the largest mass shootings in the history of America, has been an eerie absence of conclusive evidence concerning a number of details.Below is an inside look at the reported hotel suite that appears oddly intact considering the massive amount of gunfire said to have taken place inside on the 32nd floor area Adding to that, there was a delayed release concerning a mysterious document left on a table near the alleged killer s body that contained only numbers and no letters   this was something that introduced a cryptic backdrop into the compelling crime scene. The suspicious nature of the document then became a  psychic driver  to increase speculation while introducing another unexplained element from the crime scene.The whole circumstance took on a theatricality that could push the viewer out of a critical investigative mode and into a partially synthetic frame of thinking regarding the murky contents of the alleged communiqu .Over this past week, reports suggested that the document at the scene may have contained calculations used by the shooter for maximum firearm accuracy. On the surface, this would appear to lend itself to the official story but in reality all it does is lead to more questions, as contradictory claims over exactly how the dramatic shooting occurred would also seem to contradict analysis of ballistics, as the amount of victims wounded or killed would most likely have been far more significant if the shooting was based on sniper-like calculations that may have made use of hundreds to thousands of either .223 or 308 caliber rounds   not to mention the possibility of a belt-fed machine gun scenario using other caliber rounds.In recent years, 21WIRE has documented that frequently there is much more involved behind-the-scenes when it comes to high-profile attacks in America, particularly of those said to be  lone wolf  variety. The incidents themselves are quickly taken out of the forensic realm despite early police reportage, eye-witness testimony or statistic improbability. In this way, the narrative gives way to a hyper-realized account that defies logic and reason.Other recent reports reveal that the well-known casino mogul Steve Wynn, self serving or not, has shed light on the particular protocol carried out by casino employees. Below is a passage from the NY Post on this aspect of the story: Las Vegas casino mogul Steve Wynn suggested Sunday that Stephen Paddock would have set off alarm bells at his properties had he tried launching his mass murder from one of them.Wynn, after whom the glitzy Wynn Las Vegas on the Strip is named, said his housekeeping staff is trained to do a visual inspection any time they enter a room, adding that a  Do Not Disturb  sign on a door for longer than 12 hours is investigated. The scenario that we re aware of would have indicated that [Paddock] didn t let anyone in the room for two or three days,  Wynn told  Fox News Sunday.   That would have triggered a whole bunch of alarms here. Below is the scanner audio shortly after the crime was reported to police Moreover, many conspiratorial claims that have yet to still be fully explained or even be appropriately addressed by authorities have exploded on the internet. This has led to a growing speculation that has only deepened the mystery behind this America s latest mass tragedy. As authorities have yet to uncover a clear motive for the crime, police scanner audio, along with eye-witness testimony, has suggested that multiple shooters may have been at the scene.The amount of independent examination regarding this case thus far is fairly staggering and in the wake of any multilayered event, one must proceed with caution when reviewing the available evidence, as the doorway for a  trial by media  frenzy in both mainstream media and alternative media could be used to derail sincere analysis.Although the scanner audio is chaotic, the police dispatch communication appears to reveal some startling information contradicting the official story surrounding the Las Vegas mass shooting. While any event contains its share of confusion, the specific acknowledgement of an apparent active shooter or shooters within the fairgrounds of the concert venue, point to a deeper more complex methodology used to carry out the attack. Rather intriguingly, the scandal plagued NY Times published sections of these scanner recordings for public inspection, which could be an attempt by mainstream media to diminish or control any information regarding potential multiple shooters.In spite of ongoing media meddling, there s been some compelling accounts suggesting that there may have been gunfire from multiple locations by law enforcement and citizens alike. While the authenticity of these claims could be a matter of debate, these unexplained accounts have been larger ignored by mainstream media.*WARNING*   Graphic content in the video below.Here s a forensic analysis from YouTube user Genesis CNC investigating the auditory anomalies at the Las Vegas shooting Below is episode #205 of the Sunday Wire, listen as ACR s Hesher, Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis and myself, discuss larger historical themes concerning the Las Vegas mass shooting, while taking a look at the available ballistic evidence, as well as exploring the possibility of multiple shooters and other strange anomalies surrounding the case Listen to  Episode #205   SUNDAY WIRE:  Dirty Vegas  with Jay Dyer, Hesher & Shawn Helton  on Spreaker.Other questions have emerged regarding the absence of witness accounts from anyone who stayed on the 32nd floor, although there s been some testimony from other floors of the hotel, the citizen analysis below raises a few interesting points Let s look even further into one of America s deadliest mass shootings   DEAD MAN S HAND    The purported Mandalay Bay Shooter 64 year-old Stephen Paddock. Reports have made a vague mention of prescription medication    look for this to be a focal point when this story is revisited by mainstream media.   (Image Source: kbc.co.ke)The Las Vegas Shooter?On October 1st, authorities revealed that 64 year-old Stephen Paddock was the suspected gunman in the Las Vegas mass shooting that claimed the lives of at least 58 people and injured as many as 527 (later downgraded to 489) at an outside concert venue on the strip. The alleged  lone wolf  assailant apparently fired down from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay hotel at concert goers nearly 400 yards away at the Route 91 Harvest country music festival while Jason Aldean performed his headlining set on the final night of the event. Additional media coverage has suggested that the number of those said to be initially injured had decreased by at least twenty victims due to  double counting  at nearby local hospitals by October 3rd.We ve been told the apparently well-to-do Paddock, a well-known high stakes gambler among Las Vegas casinos, had been an accountant who was a hunting enthusiast and a licensed pilot who had at least two planes and a boat, in a life filled with luxury cruise vacations.  ABOVE VIEW    This image displays the distance of the entire crime scene. Reports have also revealed that at the hotel crime scene, Paddock was supposedly equipped with at least 23 weapons, including two tripods used to shoot out of two different windows from inside his two-room hotel suite. In addition, the LVMPD suggests Paddock loaded  in excess of 10  suitcases up to his room in the days leading up to the Route 91 concert. A raid on Paddock s properties put the overall firearm total at 47 guns, as law enforcement also recovered a large amount of explosive material from inside his vehicle at the resort hotel. Incidentally, its worth mentioning in a week where FBI combed through one of Paddock s properties in Reno, there was a reported break-in.NOTE   Reports of Paddock scouting other locations prior to the apparent shooting, takes public attention away from the lack of CCTV footage, the shaky timeline details and the lack of motive in the Las Vegas mass shooting crime Rather intriguingly, Paddock is stated to have previously been an internal auditor for the predecessor company of Lockheed Martin during the mid 1980 s. Lockheed Martin is of course among the world s largest defense contracting companies and has been tied to other high-profile American mysteries such as the JonBen t Ramsey case. The defense contracting and intel linked giant has not disclosed exactly which predecessor employed Paddock but the Maryland-based defense contractor was formed during the merger of Lockheed Corporation and Martin Marietta in 1995.The discovery of Paddock s employment history and his personal wealth has added confusion to the high stakes shock and awe shooting event that took place in Las Vegas this week.Official reports also state that Paddock was the owner of a residence some 80 miles outside of Las Vegas in Mesquite, Nevada. In addition to that, according to public records, he appeared live at an apartment complex he owned in Mesquite, Texas, while residing at a retirement community in Reno with his girlfriend 62 year-old Marilou Danley. All in all, according media, the apparent  multimillionaire  Paddock, lived a transitory life, supposedly having some 27 different residences throughout the US.According to additional media reports, The 64-year-old s friends and family said they never suspected Paddock of planning a shooting, and Las Vegas police said he was not on their radar prior to him committing the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Continuing, reports also state that  He [Paddock] also worked as a letter carrier for the US Postal Service in the  70s, as an IRS agent from 1978 to 1984, adding to the obtuse profile of the suspected lone gunman.On a strange note, the Las Vegas shooting story seemed to echo elements of a shooting that took place at a hotel and casino in the Philippine capital, Manila in June of 2017. What are the chances of this very odd coincidence?  WORLD TRAVELER  -Paddock on an overseas trip believed to be the Philippines in April of 2013. (Image Source: ghananews)As the media stylized profile of Paddock and those around him has grown, the FBI, police and media diverted the public s attention to Danley, Paddock s girlfriend, a former casino hostess who was supposedly out of the country in the Philippines at the time of the Mandalay Bay shooting. Danley s trip was paid for by Paddock, who is stated to have also wired $127,000 to her family reportedly to buy a home.Adding to the concern of wired funds, intense scrutiny surrounded a suspicious claim that a mysterious woman allegedly gave a dire warning to concert goers some 45 minutes before the last night of the Route 91 Festival. The overlapping narratives were said not to be related according to police, nevertheless the two different aspects were conflated, prompting Danley to be named a  person of interest  who was then flown back to the US for additional FBI questioning. Interestingly, some critics have questioned the validity of the warning prior to the concert due to the nature of the televised interview.The search for Danley s whereabouts prior to the Las Vegas shooting spanned some seven countries dating back to mid September and according to neighbors, she hadn t been seen since August.Here s a passage from CNN that revealed the following details: Danley, 62, who travels on an Australian passport, arrived in the Philippines from Tokyo on September 15, then left for Hong Kong on September 22 and flew back to the Philippines on September 25, said Maria Antoinette Mangrobang, a spokeswoman for the Philippine Bureau of Immigration. The confusing dynamic prompted Danley and her attorneys to later issue a statement claiming she had no prior knowledge of the mass shooting.On October 10th, CBS news reported the following: CBS News senior investigative producer Pat Milton reports authorities were continuing to comb through Paddock s electronic devices   including a laptop and cellphone   at the FBI crime lab in Quantico, Virginia. So far, none of the devices point to a motive for the shooting rampage. This added to new details suggesting Paddock s vague use of a freight elevator, something according top casino owner Steve Wynn, wouldn t have happened at his property.Here s a second interview with Eric Paddock, the alleged shooter s brother, who creates his own theory as to how Paddock may have gotten weapons up to the Mandalay Bay suite. Watch and listen to his baffling interview with media Other background information revealed that Patrick Benjamin Paddock (left photo), Paddock s father, was apparently arrested in 1961 for robbing a Valley National Bank in Phoenix in 1960   something which later landed the elder Paddock on the FBI s most wanted list after escaping a 20-year prison term at Federal Correctional Institution at La Tuna, Texas. In 1978, Patrick Paddock was arrested in Oregon where he was running a bingo parlor under assumed identity Bruce Werner Ericksen.The crystallization of Paddock s surreal and hard to believe ancestral lineage creates a criminal hall of mirrors all the way from the mind bending counter-culture of the 1960 s to today s Las Vegas mass shooting.Very often with hyper-real crimes, there s a stark portrait that emerges regarding any suspected killer and in the case of Paddock this was no exception. The man named as the Mandalay Bay shooter had no previous criminal record and was described as a quiet, generous man by family members and one alleged neighbor, as other media reports painted the apparent killer as someone who may have had trouble controlling his behavior, even suggesting he may have had an abusive personality in the past.However, what seems to be missing in most of these cases, is a more balanced psychological profile of these  solo actors,  as there is usually an incomplete picture that makes little to no sense at all after only a handful of people who knew the purported murderer speak with media. Furthermore, you have to wonder why years of business associates and more acquaintances and friends have not come forward with any additional information.Additionally, there have other suspicious sidebars concerning the Las Vegas shooting. One such story was posted on the message board and popular hacker hangout site, 4chan. The story in question was also discussed on Reddit, and was a near carbon copy of the story that transpired prior to the Oregon shooting at UCC.Here s a passage from a 21WIRE report regarding the October 1st, 2015 UCC shooting which was exactly two years to the day of the Las Vegas mass shooting:As evidence of advanced knowledge of the Oregon shooting event surfaced on 4chan, many have become concerned and even suspicious of the claims. The following is passage is from Salon.com that discusses the suspicious alert prior to the UCC campus shooting: Federal officials announced they were investigating a recent 4chan exchange that appeared to predict the rampage. In a cryptic post on the /r9k board on Wednesday, an anonymous poster with an image of Pepe the Frog holding a gun reportedly posted,  Some of you guys are alright. Don t go to school tomorrow if you are in the northwest. happening thread will be posted tomorrow morning. so long space robots. 4chan has been rife with controversy since its inception, as some critics think it may indeed be a limited hangout for the intelligence community. And due to the suspect nature of the website, a bevy of internet researchers have questioned the highly orchestrated law enforcement response in the aftermath of the UCC shooting via the apparent 4chan warning.A more recent 4chan post seemed to propel additional misinformation regarding nature of the shooting.During this same time, SITE Intelligence injected an  ISIS meme  into this event without revealing any solid evidence. This then prompted an apparent  official  statement that echoed those dubious claims from ISIS. So far, these claims linger though they ve failed to produce any connection to ISIS.As we ve noted numerous times here at 21WIRE, the intelligence monitoring group called SITE, has ties to both the CIA and Israeli intelligence. The group has also had ethical concerns raised over the nature of their intel gathering in the last decade and according to the group s founder, Rita Katz they ve managed to release terror related material linked to ISIS prior to the group itself.Kip Herriage a former financial advisor and venture capitalist from Wall Street published a report examining suspicious trading involving MGM on a sister site linked to his website Virtual Research Advisory. The startling passage below suggests that there was an excessive amount of shares sold off by MGM CEO/Chairman in the weeks leading up to the Las Vegas shooting.We at 21WIRE cannot verify all of Herriage s claims but given his background and pedigree, this post should be reviewed for further consideration, as it appears to be another strange element revealed in the aftermath of the Las Vegas massacre: We will examine the share price movements of two gun manufacturers (American Outdoor Brands and Sturm Ruger) and the share price movement of MGM (which owns Mandalay Bay). We will also examine additional financial events surrounding MGM, including what can only be referred to as massive levels of insider selling in the shares of MGM, by the CEO/Chairman and MGM officers/directors. As you ll see, more than $200 million in MGM shares were sold in the weeks leading up to the attack. On October 2nd, there were reports that shares for Las Vegas casinos took a significant fall after the October 1st shooting.CNBC disclosed those details: MGM Resorts International, which owns the Mandalay Bay hotel near where the shooting occurred, fell 5.6 percent Monday. Wynn Resortsslipped 1.2 percent. Las Vegas Sands fell as much as 2.1 percent before closing higher.   LIVE DRILL    Las Vegas has been at the forefront of active shooter training. ( Image Source: sinclairstoryline)Las Vegas Active Shooter Drills Back in 2014, during another high-profile Las Vegas shooting, 21WIRE revealed that Nevada officials sought to increase their budget to thwart potential terror related activity, according to KoloTV in Las Vegas: Nevada s Homeland Security Commission on Thursday approved a grant allocation plan that will increase funding for the region s fusion center to nearly $1.1 million, up from $750,000 this year.The Las Vegas Review-Journal reports Las Vegas was ranked too low on a threat assessment list to receive federal funding in the current federal budget, a move that brought swift criticism from Nevada officials.For the coming fiscal year that begins Oct. 1, Las Vegas will receive $950,000 in the special funding. That s on top of statewide counter terrorism funding totaling $3.5 million. Later it was learned that funds were said to have been allocated for 20 additional ongoing programs throughout the state.The Las Vegas Review-Journal revealed the city s longtime practice of active shooter scenarios started in 2009 in the wake of a series suspicious intelligence linked attacks in Mumbai, India. Emergency responders in Las Vegas have spent years training to respond to a mass casualty event such as Sunday night s massacre, officials said Thursday.We knew what to do,  Clark County Fire Department Chief Greg Cassell told reporters.  It was much grander than we ever envisioned. However, we were able to handle it because of our people, our training, our professionalism and our equipment and our relationships. The report continued, with a focus on specific locations for shooter drills: Our job is to work with all first responding agencies and coordinate a response,  Clarkson said.After the plan was developed, emergency responders ran drills at hospitals, hotels, schools and malls. Because that s where historically these things are taking place,  Cassell said. Here s footage of a Las Vegas Active shooter drill taking place at City Hall in August of 2016 Interestingly, the night of the Las Vegas shooting there have been other claims surrounding additional information concerning active shooter related activity, which could support other theories and suspicious activity said to have taken place the same night as the tragic events unfolded at the Route 91 Festival.COINTELPRO, Gangs and Counter-gangs Some questions have emerged from the ether of the internet concerning the FBI and the Las Vegas shooting.Over the past several years, the FBI has been routinely caught foiling their very own terror plots. QUESTION: Is it possible the FBI or any or intelligence agency played some part in the Las Vegas massacre   whether inadvertently or otherwise?In the search for answers regarding the investigative tactics of various intelligence agencies that have come into question, there s none perhaps more dubious than the Newburgh FBI sting that resulted in the entrapment four men who participated in a fabricated event created by the bureau.Here s a 2011 passage from The Guardian describing how a FBI informant named Shahed Hussain coerced four others into a fake terror plot: The  Newburgh Four  now languish in jail. Hussain does not. For Hussain was a fake. In fact, Hussain worked for the FBI as an informant trawling mosques in hope of picking up radicals.Yet far from being active militants, the four men he attracted were impoverished individuals struggling with Newburgh s grim epidemic of crack, drug crime and poverty. One had mental issues so severe his apartment contained bottles of his own urine. He also believed Florida was a foreign country.Hussain offered the men huge financial inducements to carry out the plot   including $250,000 to one man   and free holidays and expensive cars.As defence lawyers poured through the evidence, the Newburgh Four came to represent the most extreme form of a controversial FBI policy to use invented terrorist plots to lure targets.  There has been no case as egregious as this. It is unique in the incentive the government provided. A quarter million dollars?  said Professor Karen Greenberg, a terrorism expert at Fordham University. The reputation of the FBI has suffered greatly in the recent past as well as over the past couple of decades. Following the 1993 WTC bombing, the FBI was revealed to have been  handling Emad A. Salem, a former Egyptian army officer who was a prized undercover operative thrust into confidential informant status and person who played a key role in the bomb plot.Domestically in America, it has been well documented that the FBI created a counter-intelligence program known as COINTELPRO, not only as a way to influence, but also a way to disrupt and coerce political factions from the inside out. The FBI program infiltrated countless groups and movements across the political spectrum.According to reports these groups included but were not limited to the following,  The Black Panther Party, The Communist Party of America, the Ku Klux Klan, the Socialist Workers Party, the New Left, the Students for a Democratic Society, the American Indian Movement, the Chicano Movement, the Puerto Rican Liberation Movement, Communist groups, anti-war organizations, Hollywood stars sympathetic to these groups, and civil rights leaders. On March 8th 1971,  secret files  from the FBI office in Media, Pennsylvania, were allegedly stolen and subsequently released to media organizations, revealing for the first time the scope of the FBI s domestic spying and infiltration on political and protest groups in America. After two months of planning, a group calling themselves  The Citizens  Commission to Investigate the FBI,  decided to break-in to a small town FBI office the same night as the first historic bout between heavyweight boxers Joe Frazier and Muhammad Ali at Madison Square Garden.Some of the Citizens  Commission members involved in the Media office burglary were never revealed and rather strangely, the case was never solved   even though 200 FBI agents had worked the case. In fact,  there were no alarms, surveillance cameras, or locks on most of the filing cabinets,  at the FBI office in Media.The courts later ordered the FBI to reveal part of their counterintelligence program, disclosing six operations run by FBI field offices throughout the country. The documents also revealed a specific emphasis to funnel covert aid to White Hate Groups, from 1964-71, that largely diverted those funds to the KKK, as long as they choose COINTEL PRO targets. Similarly, FBI efforts to infiltrate New Left groups and the Students for a Democratic Society (SDS) fixating on ant-war, student and feminist causes.Between 1956 and 1971 the FBI s controversial program influenced and radicalized hundreds of left-wing and right-wing groups to control and neutralize political dissidents across America.Also throughout the 1960 s and the 1970 s the CIA s Operation CHAOS collected substantial amounts of information on domestic dissidents from 1967 to 1973, as admitted by the CIA. The secretive intelligence operation was also related to the overseas Phoenix Program (Operation Phoenix) which was used in Vietnam to tear apart the political infrastructure through the use of informants, agent provocateurs, and targeted assassinations.Interestingly though, the prototype for modern deep state intelligence programs goes back to the formation of the Office of the Coordinator of Information (COI) an intelligence propaganda agency in 1941 that was succeeded by Office of Strategic Services (OSS) a wartime intelligence apparatus created in 1942 that focused on psychological warfare. OSS agents also worked closely with  British Security Coordination (BSC).Similarly, on a global scale, NATO s paramilitary-style stay-behind-armies were said to have comprised Operation GLADIO. The origins of GLADIO have been well documented and the secretive counterintelligence operation has been linked to a wave of right-wing  false flag  terror attacks across Europe throughout the 1950 s into the 1980 s. The anti-communist organizational designs were directly connected to that of the CIA and MI6 in particular, with the US and British special forces reportedly facilitating the training.From this, we can view global operations like GLADIO in addition to the post-9/11  War On Terror  security surge as a form of  power politics  used to aggressively influence the foreign policy of other nations through the use of covert militarization.Below Dr. Daniele Ganser discusses his seminal 2005 book (above left photo), NATO s Secret Armies: Operation Gladio and Terrorism in Western Europe. Ganser asserts that covert armies were used to subvert the political interests of various nations through the implementation of a Cold-War era  strategy of tension Here at 21WIRE, we ve kept a running report on  known wolf  actors involved in many attacks on Western soil, here s another look at other suspicious intelligence informant and terror cases that have held that distinction over the years:Tamerlan Tsarnaev (see his story here) Buford Rogers (see his story here) Jerad Miller (see his story here) Naji Mansour (see his story here) Quazi Mohammad Nafis (see his story here) Mohamed Osman Mohamud (see his story here) Timothy McVeigh (see his story here) Salim Benghalem (see his story here) Michael Adebolajo (see his story here) Daba Deng (see his story here) Elton Simpson (see his story here) Man Haron Monis (see his story here) Abu Hamza (see his story here) Haroon Rashid Aswat (see his story here) Mark Vicars (see his story here) Glen Rodgers (see his story here) Omar Mateen (see his story here) Tashfeen Malik (see her story here) Djamel Beghal (see his story here) Anjem Choudary (see his story here) Cherif Kouachi (see his story here) Said Kouachi (see his story here) Amedy Coulibaly (see his story here) Hayat Boumeddiene (see her story here) Salah Abdeslam (see his story here) Michael Zehaf-Bibeau (see his story here) Nidal Malik Hassan (see his story here) Abdelhakim Dekhar (see his story here) Abdelhamid Abaaoud (see his story here) Samy Amimour (see his story here) Isma l Omar Mostefa (see his story here) Mohamed Lahouij Bouhlel (see his story here) Anis Amri (see his story here) Esteban Santiago-Ruiz (see his story here) Abdulkadir Masharipov (see his story here) Khalid Masood (see his story here) Khuram Butt (see his story here) Youssef Zaghba (see his story here)Following America s previous most deadly mass shooting in Orlando were reports revealing that the FBI had a close relationship with the suspected attacker through the use of a well-known confidential informant. Similarly, recent reports state that  FBI, court filings have revealed how the agency allowed an alleged  home grown  ISIS attack to take place in Garland, Texas.  21WIRE previously uncovered suspicious elements in the cartoon event in Garland back when it happened.QUESTION: Could this have been this case in the Las Vegas shooting, or was something else at play?Shortly after the Pulse nightclub shooting attack in Orlando, it was revealed that the suspected gunman Omar Mateen had been attending services at a Mosque, meeting with a known FBI informant named Marcus Dwayne Robertson (see left   also played role in 1993 WTC bombing). Robertson was a former US Marine turned bank robber turned radical imam. Here s this passage from Fox News describing Robertson s role in backdrop of the Orlando shooting saga: It is no coincidence that this happened in Orlando,  said a law enforcement source familiar with Robertson s history of recruiting terrorists and inciting violence. Mateen was enrolled in [Robertson s online] Fundamental Islamic Knowledge Seminary.Robertson and several associates were rounded up for questioning early Sunday, according to law enforcement sources, a development his attorney refused to confirm or deny. Back in June of 2016, here at 21WIRE, we discussed how the most important aspect of the FBI supplied 911 transcript had gone virtually unnoticed   as there was nothing in the contents of the transcript that discussed an actual shooting occurring inside of the Pulse nightclub.While the report was a basic outline  America s largest mass shooting  at the time, it failed to account for any of the shootings said to have occurred within the interior of Pulse. There was no mention of bar patrons being shot or reportedly shot at in the FBI s official narrative. It s as if the mainstream media and authorities left out the biggest piece of the investigation, as the implications of who shot who and when are extremely significant forensically speaking.Even though the circumstances are different in Las Vegas and in the case of Orlando, in both events, law enforcement struggled to piece together a timeline, quickly followed by a series of revisions in the official story.Strange Profile, Strange Coincidence?As mainstream media and police dance around certain details that may or may not be associated with the man said to be responsible for the Las Vegas mass shooting, a mixture of raw public analysis, military expertise and online investigative work has shed light on a compelling case that could be discussed for sometime.Here s an interesting section from an article about two Twin Cities professors that are studying the psychological patterns of mass shootings. Here s a passage from a recent MPR news report that suggests that Paddock s killer profile is very unusual when compared with more than hundred case entries: Jillian Peterson, a Hamline University assistant professor of criminology and criminal justice, and James Densley, an associate professor of criminal justice at Metropolitan State University, hope to better understand why mass shootings happen and identify ways to prevent them.This shooter is a little different, compared to the data we have,  said Peterson, a forensic psychologist.  He s significantly older than average, the average age is mid-30s. Social media presence is also something we usually see, some sort of radicalization on social media or wanting to go viral on social media. In this case the shooter was not active on social media, didn t seem to have any social media accounts. While some have attempted to make sense of the Las Vegas shooting tragedy, there are reports of a heavy revamp of security in the hospitality industry through the use of gunfire detection systems, X-ray, body scanners and facial recognition in the wake of this confusing, if not partly manufactured event.The concept of a lone wolf killer in today s world has reprogrammed the public mind just as the serial killer phenomenon did decades ago. This new fear-based saga has ushered in improbable Hollywood-style scenarios, inducing a frozen apathy across the masses   rather than looking deeply at crime scene forensics or pour over piles of collected data, these Daily Shooter crimes hold the public psyche hostage until the next unexplained mass tragedy.Undoubtedly, modern America s most deadliest mass shooting has left a number of questions in its wake.*** 21WIRE associate editor Shawn Helton is a researcher and writer, specializing in forensic analysis of high-profile crime scene and counter terrorism investigations, and the deconstruction and analysis of the mass-media coverage surrounding those cases. He has compiled an extensive body of work covering a number of high-profile events since 2012.SEE ALSO: Another Revision in Las Vegas Mass Shooting   Amid Mandalay Bay Security Guard s Media SilenceREAD MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22762,US Gov’t War on RT: Imperial Media ‘Truth’ Monopoly Threatens Press Diversity,"TAKING THE MICKEY: RT UK billboard campaign on London Underground pokes fun at US-led Russiagate campaign of hysteria.Philip Giraldi Unz ReviewSomehow everything keeps coming back around to Russia. In one of its recent initiatives, the Justice Department (DOJ) appears to be attacking the First Amendment as part of the apparent bipartisan program to make Vladimir Putin the fall guy for everything that goes wrong in Washington. In the past month, the DOJ has revealed that the FBI is investigating Russian owned news outlets Sputnik News and RT International and has sent letters to the latter demanding that one of its business affiliates register as a foreign agent by October 17th. The apparent line of inquiry that the Bureau is pursuing is that both are agencies of the Russian government and that both have been spreading disinformation that is intended to discredit the United States government and its institutions. This alleged action would make them, in the DOJ view, a propaganda arm of a foreign government rather than a news service. It also makes them subject to Department of the Treasury oversight under the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938.Sputnik, which is owned by a Russian government media group headed by Putin consigliere Dimitri Kiselyov, has been under investigation due to the accusations made by a fired broadcaster named Andrew Feinberg. Feinberg, the former Sputnik White House correspondent, reportedly took with him a thumb drive containing some thousands of internal business files when he left his office. He has been interviewed by the FBI, has turned over his documents, and has claimed that much of the direction over what the network covered came from Moscow.RT America, more television oriented than Sputnik, operates through two business entities: RTTV America and RTTV Studios. The Department of Justice has refused to identify which of the businesses has been targeted by a letter calling for registration under FARA, but it is believed to be RTTV America, which provides both operational support of the broadcasting as well as the production facilities. Both companies are actually owned by Russian-American businessman Alex Yazlovsky, though the funding for them presumably comes from the Russian government.I have noticed very little pushback in the U.S. mainstream and alternative media regarding the Department of Justice moves, presumably because there is a broad consensus that the Russians have been interfering in our  democracy  and have had it coming. If that assumption on my part is correct, the silence over the issue reflects a certain na vete while also constituting a near perfect example of a pervasive tunnel vision that obscures the significant collateral damage that might be forthcoming.News organizations are normally considered to be exempt from the requirements of FARA. The Department of Justice action against the two Russian major media outlets is unprecedented insofar as I could determine. Even Qatar owned al-Jazeera, which was so vilified during the early stages of the Afghan War that it had its Kabul offices bombed by the U.S., did not have to register under FARA, was permitted to operate freely, and was even allowed to buy a television channel license for its American operations.The DOJ is in effect saying that RT and Sputnik are nothing more than propaganda organs and do not qualify as journalism. I would have to disagree if one goes by the standards of contemporary journalism in the United States. America s self-described  newspapers of record  the New York Times and the Washington Post pretend that they have a lock on stories that are  true.  The Post has adopted the slogan  Democracy Dies in Darkness  while the Times proclaims  The truth is more important now than ever,  but anyone who has read either paper regularly for the past year knows perfectly well that they have been as often as not leading propaganda organs for Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party, pushing a particular agenda and denigrating Donald Trump. They differ little from the admittedly biased television news reporting provided by Fox News and MSNBC.What exactly did the Russians do? According to last January s report signed off on by the FBI, CIA and NSA, which may have motivated the DOJ to take action, RT and Sputnik  consistently cast President-elect Trump as the target of unfair coverage from traditional U.S. media outlets that they claimed were subservient to a corrupt political establishment.  Well, they certainly got that one right and did better in their reporting of what was going on among the American public than either the Washington Post or New York Times.Regarding Sputnik, Feinberg claimed inter alia that he was  pushed  to ask questions at White House press briefings suggesting that Syria s Bashar al-Assad was not responsible for some of the chemical attacks that had taken place. One wonders at Feinberg s reluctance as Sputnik and RT were not the only ones expressing skepticism over the claims of Syrian involvement, which have been widely debunked. And why is expressing a credible alternative view on an event in Syria even regarded as propaganda damaging to the American public?There is a difficult to distinguish line between FARA restricted  trying to influence opinion  using what is regarded a fake news and propaganda and legitimate journalism reporting stories where the  facts  have been challenged. Even real journalists choose to cover stories selectively, inevitably producing a certain narrative for the viewer, listener or reader. All news services do that to a greater or lesser extent.I have considerable personal experience of RT in particular and, to a lesser extent, with Sputnik. I also know many others who have been interviewed by one or both. No one who has done so has ever been coached or urged to follow a particular line or support a specific position insofar as I know. Nor do I know anyone who has actually been paid to appear. Most of us who are interviewed are appreciative of the fact that we are allowed to air views that are essentially banned on the mainstream media to include critique of maladroit policies in places like Syria and Afghanistan and biting critiques of the war on terror.Sputnik, in my opinion, does, however, lean heavily towards stories that are critical of the United States and its policies, while RT has a global reach and is much more balanced in what it covers. For sure, it too criticizes U.S. policies and is protective of the Russian government, but it does not substantially differ from other national news services that I have had done interviews for. I find as much uniquely generated negative reporting about the U.S. (usually linked to violence or guns) on BBC World News, France24 and Deutsche Welle as I do on RT International. To describe it as part of an  influence campaign  driven by a  state-run propaganda machine  has a kernel of truth but it is nevertheless a bit of a stretch since one could make the same claims about any government financed news service, including Voice of America. Governments only get into broadcasting to promote their points of view, not to inform the public.There is a serious problem in the threats to use FARA as it could advance the ongoing erosion of freedom of the press in the United States by establishing the precedent that a foreign news services that is critical of the U.S. will no longer be tolerated. It is also hypocritical in that countries like Israel that interfere regularly in American politics are exempt from FARA registration because no one dares to take such a step, while Russia is fair game.Going after news outlets also invites retaliation against U.S. media operating in Russia and, eventually, elsewhere. Currently Western media reports from Russia pretty much without being censored or pressured to avoid certain stories. I would note a recent series that appeared on CBS featuring the repulsive Stephen Colbert spending a week in Russia which mercilessly lampooned both the country and its government. No one arrested him or made him stop filming. No one claimed that he was trying to undermine the Russian government or discredit the country s institutions, even though that is precisely what he was doing.And then there is the issue of the  threat  posed by news media outlets like RT and Sputnik. Even combined the two services have limited access to the U.S. market, with a 2014 study suggesting that they have only 2.8 million actual weekly viewers. RT did not make the cut and is not included on the list of 100 most popular television channels in the U.S. and it has far less market penetration than other foreign news services like the BBC. It can be found on only a limited number of cable networks in a few, mostly urban areas. It does better in Europe, but its profile in the U.S. market is miniscule. As even bad news is good news in terms of selling a product, it probably did receive higher ratings when the intelligence agency report slamming it came out on it in January. Everyone probably wanted to learn what RT was all about.So it seems to me that the United States  moves against RT and Sputnik are little more than lashing out at a problem that is not really a problem in a bid to again promote the Russian  threat  to explain the ongoing dysfunction that prevails in America s democratic process. One keeps reading or hearing how the American government has  indisputable  proof of Moscow s intentions to subvert democracy in the U.S. as well as in Europe but the actual evidence is still elusive. Will Russiagate end with a bang or a whimper? No one seems to know.***READ MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russiagate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22763,“Russia Did It” is Smokescreen for Big Business Ownership of US Government and Congress,"Finian Cunningham SputnikGoogle is the latest US internet company to claim it found  Russia-linked  advertisements on its network   allegedly posted to influence the US presidential election last year.Twitter and Facebook have already made similar claims and all three are now facing more scrutiny in the coming weeks before Congressional committees.What is truly astounding about this hysteria over alleged Russian interference in US democracy is that American citizens are being distracted from what is, by far, the much more alarming issue of how their government and Congress is bought by US Big Business.Bloomberg reported this week that:  Google identifies Russian election interference network . It said the internet giant found political ads worth $4,700 which it believes are  tied to the Russian government . These ads, it is claimed, carried political articles which were meant to influence which way American citizens would vote in the presidential contest between Democrat Hillary Clinton and Republican Donald Trump last November.Google has reportedly said that another $53,000 worth of ads are  under review  for suspicion of being  linked  to the Russian government. This follows claims made by Facebook that it had earlier identified $100,000 spent on ads by Russian sources, while Twitter said it had located $274,000 worth of such ads.The Russian government has repeatedly rejected accusations that it tried to meddle in the US election. Moscow rightly highlights the dearth of any evidence and total lack of due legal process. The American allegations have also whipped up a toxic climate to curb the legitimate media activities of Russian news channels.It is understood that Russia s state-owned news channel RT promoted some of its content through social media like Facebook and Twitter. But as RT editor Margarita Simonyan pointed out such promotion is entirely normal for all news media companies. She estimated that US-based outlets probably spent much more than RT promoting their content through the Russian section of Twitter.Several issues about this  Russian meddling  trope are patently dodgy, yet are bizarrely overlooked.The first is that, as with other claims of Russian interference in the US election, no evidence is ever presented. Facebook, Twitter and Google are making vague claims of  accounts believed to be tied to the Russian government . And the US news media simply repeat these nebulous claims without further question.A second anomaly is that Congressional committees that have been investigating allegations of Russian interference have also not presented any evidence   after nearly nine months of intensive probing.Senators Richard Burr and Mark Warner, who are heading up a select intelligence committee, made a  big presentation  last week in Washington on their findings. The  findings  turned out to be an embarrassing anti-climax. The Congressmen admitted they found no evidence of  Russia collusion  in the election and baldly asserted that Moscow s  influence campaign continues  which they will continue to investigate   no doubt at a huge cost to American taxpayers.So, Russia is being accused of interfering in the presidential elections on the basis of the allegation alone, and yet American politicians are also contradicting themselves by saying that the alleged interference did not alter the vote outcome.But here is the biggest absurdity. The sums of money claimed to have been used by Russia to destabilize US democracy are ridiculously minuscule.For argument sake, let s go along with the claims that somehow  Russian agents  took out ads on social media to influence the US election. Between Facebook, Twitter, and Google the expenditure amounts to about $300,000.That figure is a pittance compared with the avalanche of money that US corporations doled out to bankroll the election campaigns of the two candidates.According to Bloomberg, Hillary Clinton s election bid was leveraged with $1.2 billion from  Super-PACs  (Political Action Campaigns). Trump received less corporate money, raising a total of $647 million   or about half of what Clinton s coffers received.Now put those figures into perspective. The alleged Russian influence ads costing around $300,000 represent some 0.01 percent of what US corporations actually spent ($1.8 billion total) in promoting either Clinton or Trump for the White House. In other words, the much speculated   and highly dubious   financial outlay that Russian sources allocated to allegedly upset the American democratic process is negligible compared with the actual money spent by major American companies to determine the 2016 election outcome.While American media and politicians are endeavoring to get citizens all worked up about  Kremlin meddling  the glaring fact is that their democratic process is subject to enormous US corporate influence. And not just the 2016 election. Every presidential cycle.Note too that this is only taking into consideration the corporate lobbying in the presidential contest. Every year, it is calculated that US companies spend about $3 billion lobbying federal government and Congress.That is, every year, year after year, Big Business in America spends 10,000-fold on influencing lawmakers and government policy compared with the alleged ad campaign that Russia supposedly engaged in.Another source of major influence on American politicians are the lobby groups funded separately by the Israeli and Saudi government interests. Each year, these foreign states spend an estimated $5-7 million on lobbying members of the US Congress and the federal government. This is real money with real impact on US democracy as opposed to alleged Russian interference.Getting back to  lobbying  by US companies   some might call it bribery   among the biggest donors are the military manufacturing firms. According to American publication, The Hill, included in the top 50 corporate lobbies plying Congress with campaign funds are Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Northrup Grumman.Another major lobby   although not in the top 50   is the National Rifle Association (NRA) which promotes gun ownership for private citizens by donating to Congress members.Three recent events show how corporate money effectively buys American government policy.President Trump is pushing for an overhaul of tax policy which will result in the biggest ever tax benefit to corporate America.Secondly, with regard to the US military budget, the Congress is due to pass a record increase amounting to $700 billion annually. This largesse to Pentagon-connected manufacturers like Lockheed Martin and Boeing is no doubt fueled by Trump using reckless bellicose rhetoric towards North Korea, threatening war instead of a diplomatic solution.Thirdly, in the aftermath of the latest mass shooting in Las Vegas   the worst ever in modern US history   in which 58 people were mowed down by a 64-year-old male shooter armed with an arsenal of assault rifles in his hotel room, both the White House and Congress are adamant that  now is not the time to talk about gun control laws . Congressional Republicans, in particular, are big recipients of NRA funding. Trump s election campaign also reportedly received $30 million from the NRA.In the gargantuan scale of corporate funding and influence on US democracy, it is patently absurd for US media and politicians to chase after Russia for alleged meddling.There again, maybe not so absurd, if such a travesty serves to distract American citizens from the much more pressing issue of how their democracy is bought and sold by elite American interests.***SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22764,Agent Angelina: Are CIA Using Hollywood’s Jolie as Soft Power Operative?,"21st Century Wire says In previous articles, 21WIRE has consistently raised the question of whether or not the CIA and the Pentagon have been using Hollywood celebrities as soft power pawns in order to help grease foreign policy objects over seas. This charge has always been met by narrow mainstream minds as a  conspiracy theory    even though we have provided evidence which indicates this is a very real practice, and one with historic precedents. Seems that the mainstream claim that  the CIA wouldn t hire someone like that  won t fly anymore.  We have talked about Dennis Rodman, and George Clooney as two high-profile  ambassadors  of the US, inserted into trouble areas in order to achieve various PR, strategic or intelligence ends.This latest admission regarding actress Angelina Jolie is even more telling   where it is claimed she was being used as an expensive honey pot to lure the illusive (and possibly non-existent) Joseph Kony of the Lord s Resistance Army in the jungles of Uganda.Andrew Korybko Oriental ReviewIt s long been suspected that the actress willingly promotes CIA psy-op narratives in her films, but this time new leaks allege that Angelina Jolie had also at one time considered being the Pentagon s  bait  to  catch Kony , which draws into question the true motivation of other celebrities  foreign policy forays such as Dennis Rodman s  friendship  with Kim Jong-Un. Agent AngelinaAngelina Jolie is the poster woman for the  Hollywood-Intelligence Complex , the perfect example of a willing CIA asset who regularly goes along with  deep state  narratives in her films, such as the anti-Serb production  In The Land Of Blood And Honey . She s also been one of the loudest global cheerleaders for  humanitarian interventions  abroad, or in other words, imperialist wars waged under distorted or outright fabricated  humanitarian  reasons such as the one that she had been lobbying for in Darfur. Jolie often visits US troops abroad like in Afghanistan, though up until now there were no grounds for suggesting that she was anything other than a propagandist, as it would have been ordinarily absurd to even countenance her playing an active role in the battlefield.That s no longer the case anymore, though, according to a report by The Sunday Times, a UK-based media outlet, which claims to have read leaked International Criminal Court (ICC) documents alleging that the starlet told the organization s former chief prosecutor that she d be willing to volunteer herself as a bait to catch the phantasmal African warlord Joseph Kony. The Sunday Times article is mostly hidden behind a paywall, however, so the average information consumer needs to rely on second-hand sources such as People magazine in order to learn about what s in those leaks free of charge. According to the celebrity news site: A hoard of 40,000 ICC documents leaked to the French investigative website Mediapart reveals that Jolie once offered to act as human bait in a trap to arrest brutal Ugandan warlord Joseph Kony.She  has the idea to invite Kony to dinner and then arrest him,  reads an e-mail sent by former ICC Chief Prosecutor Luis Moreno Ocampo, reports The Sunday Times. Forget other celebrities, she is the one,  Moreno Ocampo adds in another email.  She loves to arrest Kony. She is ready. Probably Brad [Pitt] will go also. According to The Sunday Times, which has seen the Mediapart documents, Moreno Ocampo hoped that Jolie and her now estranged husband would travel to the Central African Republic with a team of US Special Forces.It was thought that their presence would then draw Kony out of his armored compound and enable the US forces to take him into custody. If these allegations are true, then it would mean that Jolie had graduated from the usual propagandist class of Hollywood operatives to an in-field asset of the Pentagon in conspiring to carry out a globally important mission. Truth be told,  catching Kony , as the viral 2012 slogan went, isn t really that significant of a deal because the warlord is thought to have barely any supporters nowadays after years on the run in the transnational jungled space between his native Uganda, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, South Sudan, and the Central African Republic. In fact, the whole purpose of the CIA psy-op to  catch Kony  was to  justify  US special forces  presence in this strategic region long enough for them to manufacture civil wars in South Sudan and the Central African Republic, which would turn them into a  failed state belt  that forever prevents their crucial incorporation into a Chinese-built bicoastal Silk Road through their resource-rich territories.The geopolitics of the Kony diversion aren t the focus of this article, so it s recommended that readers review some of the author s hyperlinked analyses above if they re interested in learning more about this Hybrid War campaign. Instead, it s important to focus on the relationship between celebrities and the  deep state , both in the propaganda and   as can now be seen   in-field operational manifestations. Thus far, it doesn t seem like any of Jolie s peers attempted to follow in her footsteps by partaking in such a high-profile covert mission, but toning down the drama just a notch and removing the lethal risk involved in her extreme example, it s certainly possible that other  famous people  are doing something similar in serving their governments.ODD COUPLE: Joseph Kony & Angelina JolieThe Rodman-Kim CaseThe most relevant case that comes to mind is Dennis Rodman, who s the US   Kim whisperer  in passing along messages through what he calls  basketball diplomacy  but who actually functions as the best American pair of eyes and ears that has ever gotten to known the reclusive North Korean leader in person. It s been speculated for a few years already that Rodman might indeed be working for the CIA, but this was always dismissed by more mainstream voices who retort that he s either  too stupid  or that  the CIA wouldn t hire someone like that , but these critics never take the time to consider that Rodman might be coerced into doing this in order to avoid a hushed-up drug bust or something of that nature.In any case, his last visit to the communist country was a failure because he wasn t allowed to meet with Kim Jong-Un, although he did claim credit for jailed provocateur Otto Warmbier s release shortly before his death. Given that the American student was going to die anyway from what was likely complications from his unsuccessful suicide attempt in trying to overdose on sleeping medicine, he probably would have been released whether Rodman came to the country or not, but it s very telling that Kim Jong-Un refused to meet with his  best friend  during this time. Incidentally, it was shortly after this that the war of words and  insult diplomacy  between the North Korean and American leaders really took off, which might have been inspired by Trump finding out from his intelligence chiefs that they had lost their precious Rodman-Kim connection because Pyongyang could have figured out what the basketballer was really up to.Although it s only speculation at this point, it would indeed explain why Trump made a show out of appearing to go crazy and resorting to the  madman theory  in dealing with Kim Jong-Un, as the US Intelligence Community might have concluded that this is the only realistic way left for directly communicating with his North Korean counterpart. With Rodman s last reconnaissance mission cut short and ultimately unsuccessful, the US might have feared that Kim was signaling to them that he was prepared to imminently flex his muscles in vengeful showmanship for having been deceived this long, and while it s impossible to know exactly what he was in fact thinking, North Korea did end up staging several highly provocative missile launches this summer after Rodman s visit and even carried out a nuclear test.The above narrative might sound dubious upon first read, but it certainly deserves to be reconsidered in light of the revelation that Angelina Jolie was working with the Pentagon as part of a highly secret special operation to  catch Kony , which would in that case not make it sound so crazy to imagine that Dennis Rodman might have been doing similar field work for the CIA in collecting valuable personal intelligence about Kim Jong-Un.Even if the North Koreans are actually aware of what Rodman is up to nowadays, that doesn t mean that he ll never be allowed back into what some have derisively called the  Hermit Kingdom , as there s a certain value that could be derived from continuing to use him for informal diplomatic purposes and indirect communication with the US  deep state Continue this story at Oriental ReviewREAD MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22765,Iran ‘Will Respond’ if US Moves to Designate Revolutionary Guard as ‘Terrorist Group’,"Fresh off its humiliating six-year-long debacle in Syria, and with very few viable wars within its grasp, the Pentagon, along with the Israeli Lobby-led US Congress and Senate   are now trying to tighten the noose on Iran.For the last 3 weeks, hawkish Republican Senators have been pressuring President Donald Trump to  decertify  the Iran nuclear deal in October, and to reimpose harsh sanctions   despite the fact that Iran is in full compliance with the international P5+1 brokered nuclear containment agreement.According to the terms of the deal as recognized by Congress, the President must re-certify the deal every 90 days.LITTLE MARCO: It s clear that Marco Rubio is firmly in the pocket of the Israeli Lobby.Chief among the Israeli-led Senators is Florida Senator Marco Rubio. During the Presidential campaign, Rubio was humiliated by Trump who dubbed him  Little Marco.  Soon after, the slighted Senator was forced to drop out of the race due to a lack of support for his campaign.SEE ALSO: Retired US General Picks Apart Sen. Cotton s  Scarlet Letter  to IranOn its face, Trump and the Israel First hawks  policy to crush the JCPOA Nuclear Agreement makes little sense. Business Insider explains:John Glaser and Emma Ashford respond to Trump s latest attack on the nuclear deal: Iran is clearly abiding by the deal s requirements, as President Trump himself has twice formally acknowledged. But the President appears determined to ignore U.S. allies, his own intelligence community and the International Atomic Energy Agency, which has affirmed eight separate times in detailed reports that Iran is in compliance with the deal.As is usually the case, the US hawks (also supported by Iran s economic and geopolitical regional rival Saudi Arabia) are hoping to trigger retaliatory rhetoric from the Iranian hawks   and use those words to justify a call for escalation of tension, and a full range of new sanctions against Iran:This desire to withdraw from the JCPOA is difficult to explain. Whatever Trump s reasoning, this much is clear: All of America s options outside the JCPOA carry unacceptably high risks and threaten to exacerbate the very behavior Iran hawks hope to forestall.Desperate to fabricate their case against Iran, the US (instructed by the Israeli Lobby) are now trying to brand Iran s military as an international  terrorist  organisation.RT International reports Iran has vowed a  firm and crushing  reaction should Washington decide to include the elite wing of its army, the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC), on its list of terrorist organizations, according to the country s foreign ministry.The comments came from Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Bahram Qasemi on Monday as cited by Tasnim news agency. We are hopeful that the United States does not make this strategic mistake,  Qasemi stated during a news conference. If they do, Iran s reaction would be firm, decisive and crushing,  he said, adding that the US would have to accept the consequences.Earlier it was reported that Washington is preparing tougher sanctions on Tehran, including the possible designation of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) as a terrorist group.US President Donald Trump has taken a tough stance on the Islamic Republic, criticizing it for supporting terrorism and vowing to  put an end to Iran s continued aggression and nuclear ambitions. On Sunday, IRGC chief Mohammad Ali Jafari warned that if the reports are confirmed, the military wing will treat US troops, especially in the Middle East, as they would Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) terrorists. If the news is correct about the stupidity of the American government in considering the Revolutionary Guards a terrorist group, then the Revolutionary Guards will consider the American Army to be like Islamic State all around the world, particularly in the Middle East,  Jafari stated.Washington s reported threats have prompted France to speak against actions that  could exacerbate the current crises  in the face of  regional instability.   With this in mind, regional states have a specific role to play and must show restraint and a sense of responsibility,  French Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Agnes Romatet-Espagne stressed, when asked whether Paris would endorse such a step.The landmark Iranian nuclear agreement, officially known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), was signed by the P5+1 group (China, France, Germany, Russia, the UK, and the US) and the European Union in 2015. According to the deal, Iran is to limit its nuclear program for 15 years in exchange for easing the pre-existing sanctions.READ MORE: World will change : Trump likely to pull out of Iran nuclear deal next week   German FMDuring his election campaign Trump repeatedly vowed to scrap the agreement, and during his presidency he has continued to accuse Iran of violating the  spirit  of the deal. This week the US leader is expected to re-certify the agreement, but there are concerns that he may decide to stick to his campaign promises.Other parties to the agreement, including Germany and the EU, have voiced concerns over the possible scuppering of the deal.READ MORE IRAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Iran FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22766,"Episode #205 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Dirty Vegas’ with Jay Dyer, Hesher & Shawn Helton","IMAGE: Real-life battlefield shooting range in Las Vegas (see video).Episode #205 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes on Oct 8th, 2017 as host Patrick Henningsen brings you this week s LIVE broadcast on the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR)   covering all the top news stories both at home and internationally LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12am PT (US)  This week the SUNDAY WIRE is broadcasting LIVE from the US as guest hosts Jay Dyer and ACR s Hesher are joined by special guest Shawn Helton, and other special guests Basil Valentine, ACR s Funk Soul, and a report by Patrick Henningsen from the 2040 Transhumanist Agenda conference in London. will be delivering a powerful (and highly controversial) show this week   covering the biggest stories internationally including the recent mass shooting in Las Vegas. The team will do into a deep investigative analysis and summary of the forensic case thus far, including expert ballistic analysis of the official story, in what is said to be America s biggest ever mass shooting. Enjoy the show   SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Download Episode #205Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives    ",0
22767,‘Vaccine Choice’ Mom Gets Jail Time for Not Jabbing Her Kid,"21st Century Wire says We ve been covering the anti-vaccine movement (and the science) for quite some time. The dangers of aluminum and the neurotoxicity of vaccines are well-documented. Now, this debate has turned up in a court of law. Which prompts us to ask this question again: Should the government force parents to vaccinate their kids?Rebecca Bredow, a self-proclaimed  vaccine choice  mom from Detroit, has just been sentenced to seven days in jail for contempt, defying a court order that states she agreed with her ex-husband to vaccinate their 9-year-old son.The judge also ordered to have the child vaccinated within one week, while Bredow is serving her jail sentence. Attorneys for the anti-vaxxer mom, who refused to jab her son based on her personal and religious beliefs, have said they will be filing an appeal. I would rather sit behind bars standing up for what I believe in, than giving in to something I strongly don t believe in, Bredow said in her statement to the court.As WXYX-TV Detroit reports, the son s father must get the child vaccinated before his mother gets out of jail, or this story could take yet another controversial turn WATCH: READ MORE VACCINE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Vax FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22768,Boiler Room EP #130 – Mandalay Cover-Up,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side  Andy Nowicki (The Nameless One) for the hundred and thirtieth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.Hesher, Spore, Jay Dyer and Andy Nowicki representing the ACR Brain-Trust with their continuing analysis of the Mandalay Bay Massacre. The details, the anomalies, opinions, hypotheses and the questions we came up with in the days after the event.Direct Download Episode #130 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22769,"REVEALED: FBI Aided, Abetted ‘ISIS’ Terrorist Attack at ‘Mohammed Cartoon Event’ in Garland, Texas","Daily Shooter 21st Century WireJust as ISIS is being routed in Deir Ezzor, Syria, and soon out of Raqqa, and driven from its remaining strongholds in Iraq   we discover how the US government has been busy keeping the organization thriving within its own shores.What you are about to read is simply breathtaking, but should be of no surprise to our readers. These new court findings reaffirms much of what 21WIRE and the Daily Shooter column have been reporting for the last five years   that the FBI is responsible for the majority of so-called  terrorist  attacks in the US.According to a new legal case filed against the FBI, court filings have revealed how the agency allowed an alleged  home grown  ISIS attack to take place in Garland, Texas on May 4, 2015. International criminal lawyer Jennifer Breedon shows the FBI was complicit in the attack, and even enticed the two terrorists to carry out the attack, and where agents had  pretended to be ISIS  in order to keep their entrapment operation going. She explains: Some of the facts are indicating that they had an undercover agent that was trying to get in with ISIS   trying to find out these ISIS groups, and he wanted to make himself higher up in ISIS ranks to know more of their fighters. Apparently, he stayed in the car behind them, which came out in another case filing with the FBI. They did not prevent it because if the attack had been carried out successfully, and people died, it was likely this undercover agent and his supervisors in the FBI felt that this would promote him up to high ranks within ISIS   the undercover agent would be promoted up, because the attack was then successful. Read Breddon s full interview here.On the surface this is a clear case of entrapment by the FBI, but upon deeper examination it s now clear that the FBI seems to have aided and abetted a terrorist attack on US soil.While other mainstream and alternative media outlets were busy promulgating the official narrative, 21WIRE actually called-out the staged event, designed to leverage a far right, anti-Muslim agenda, and stoke irrational fears of endless  ISIS attacks  on US soil.PROVOCATEUR: Professional provocateur Geller provided the PR bait for media, the FBI-run  American ISIS  cell.The contrived event was marketed as a controversial  Muhammad Art Exhibit and Cartoon Contest,  organized by a cut-out politcal front group, American Freedom Defense Initiative, led by anti-Muslim activist and professional provocateur, Pamela Geller, and featured far-right Dutch politician Geert Wilders, as its keynote speaker. Media personality Geller claimed to have purposely chosen the venue following the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) gathering who held a  Stand with the Prophet  conference in late January 2015 after the Charlie Hebdo shootings in Paris earlier that year.According to the victim s attorney Breedon, the FBI had an undercover agent that was  trying to get in with ISIS   trying to find out these ISIS groups, and he wanted to make himself higher up in ISIS ranks to know more of their fighters. American journalist Trevor Aaronson further explains the derelict role of James Comey (image, left) in FBI s attempt to cover its own fingerprints on this dodgy operation: Hours earlier, the FBI had sent a bulletin to local police with Elton Simpson s photo, warning that he was  interested in the event. FBI Director James Comey said in a press conference following the shooting that the FBI did not have reason to believe Simpson was planning to attack the event, even though the bureau had spent years trying to build a case against him. ENTRAPMENT: The unwitting youngster, Elton Simpson, was groomed by a paid FBI informant, and brought to the scene of the staged  attack. After the FBI-staged  attack , 21WIRE was one of few media outlets to report how a paid FBI informant was not only  handling , but directing what appeared to be a naive and vulnerable federal target for entrapment   a new young Muslim convert named Elton Simpson from Phoenix, Arizona:It s now been revealed that  gunman , Elton Simpson, was already under surveillance by the FBI and was even the subject of a terror investigation. More importantly, we can also confirm Simpson was being handled by an FBI informant. Court papers filed in Arizona name the FBI undercover informant as Mr. Daba Deng, a Kenyan and who, from 2007, was paid $132,000 by the FBI to  become friends with Mr. Simpson , and who appears to have groomed Simpson through a local mosque, and helped to develop Simpson s ideas about  jihad .So keen was CNN at the time to convince its audience that Garland was a real terrorist event, it took the trouble of creating its own cartoon version of the attack in a desperate attempt to make the official story believable:SYNTHETIC TERROR: CNN uses cartoon to make the Garland Shooting look like a real terror event.At the time, and almost comically, CNN tried to push the official narrative, appearing totally clueless of the fact that the attackers were under FBI supervision for years: He wasn t well-known to federal law enforcement and was not on the FBI s radar, one of the officials said. Investigators were combing through evidence retrieved from the shooters  Arizona home to help piece together a timeline of how their plot came together, the official said. It was as if CNN had copied and pasted their report from an FBI press memo issued after the event (perhaps it was). CNN s coverage of the event was equally ridiculous, not picking up on the fact that a small platoon of heavily armed US special ops mercenaries were pre-positioned at Geller s event in anticipation of the made-for-TV  terror  attack that followed:#BREAKING Update from SWAT Team Leader. @wfaachannel8 pic.twitter.com/HoF5f4bF7U  Jobin Panicker (@jobinpnews) May 4, 2015SEE OUR INITIAL REPORT ON GELLER S GARLAND HOAX: Hebdo Redux in Garland, Texas?  Mohammed Cartoon  Shooting Reeks of a Staged False FlagGarland was a  clear case of the US government creating a terror threat where there was none, and this wouldn t be the first time either.As previously noted, The Guardian reported on the scale and scope of this trend in 2014: In some cases the FBI may have created terrorists out of law-abiding individuals by suggesting the idea of taking terrorist action or encouraging the target to act.  The list of FBI-related  terrorist  incidents inside the US is a long one. The formula for creating a  terror icon  required a confidential informant to guide and manage the future  suspect  right up to the point of arrest, or in some cases, like the World Trade Center Bombing in 1993, the FBI have even allowed the terrorist incident to take place.In Garland, as with so many other high profile  terror  and mass shooting events, 21WIRE s investigations have turned out to correct, while the mainstream media have been completely wrong.The following infographic is from the  Program on Extremism    these are likely contrived, if not inflated numbers   meant to represent  suspected ISIS  members  supposedly hiding out all over America:We've updated our ISIS in America numbers (100) and added a new statistic: Average prison sentence (10.1 years). pic.twitter.com/SsAbCx1Tgy  Program On Extremism (@gwupoe) August 3, 2016The following is a partial list of informants, patsies and dupes used by the security services in a number of the high-profile  terror  events in recent years:Tamerlan Tsarnaev (see his story here) Buford Rogers (see his story here) Jerad Miller (see his story here) Naji Mansour (see his story here) Quazi Mohammad Nafis (see his story here) Mohamed Osman Mohamud (see his story here) Timothy McVeigh (see his story here) Salim Benghalem (see his story here) Michael Adebolajo (see his story here) Daba Deng (see his story here) Elton Simpson (see his story here) Man Haron Monis (see his story here) Abu Hamza (see his story here) Haroon Rashid Aswat (see his story here) Glen Rodgers (see his story here) Omar Mateen (see his story here) Tashfeen Malik (see her story here) Djamel Beghal  (see his story here) Anjem Choudary (see his story here) Cherif Kouachi (see his story here) Said Kouachi (see his story here) Amedy Coulibaly (see his story here) Hayat Boumeddiene (see her story here) Salman Abedi (see his story here) Khuram Butt (see his story here) Salah Abdeslam (see his story here) Michael Zehaf-Bibeau (see his story here) Nidal Malik Hassan (see his story here) Abdelhakim Dekhar  (see his story here) Abdelhamid Abaaoud (see his story here) Samy Amimour (see his story here) Isma l Omar Mostefa  (see his story here) Mohamed Lahouij Bouhlel (see his story here) Anis Amri (see his story here) Esteban Santiago-Ruiz (see his story here) Abdulkadir Masharipov (see his story here) Khalid Masood (see his story here)READ MORE GARLAND NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Garland FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22770,Henningsen: Obama White House Colluded with Facebook to Fabricate ‘Russian Bot’ Conspiracy,"WASHINGTON DC   This week the Senate Intelligence Committee finally gave an update on its continuing investigation into whether Russia actually had anything to do with the 2016 Election. If anyone was expecting any actual evidence to be presented, they would have been sorely disappointed, again. Still, that s not going to stop Official Washington from burning though more public money to try and prove a conspiracy theory.  The issue of collusion is still open,  said committee chairman, Richard Burr of North Carolina (R).  We have more work to do as it relates to collusion, but we re developing a clearer picture of what happened. Likewise, the committee s ranking Democrat, Senator Mark Warner of Virginia, admitted they had nothing, but implored Americans to  be on guard of the Russian. The Russian active measures did not end on Election Day 2016,  said Warner. He maintains that the US should adopt a  more aggressive  whole government  approach  to combat Russian influence on the vulnerable minds of unsuspecting Americans.However, yesterday 21WIRE revealed via Consortium News   that it was Senator Warner, along with the Obama White House, who colluded with Silicon Valley giant Facebook in 2016, with Warner making multiple trips to Palo Alto to pressure Facebook to produce some  evidence  that Warner and his colleagues could hold up as proof of  Russian Bots  using Facebook to interfere in the 2016 Election. As it turns out, this was fake news fabricated by Washington and its mainstream media partners.21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen spoke to RT International yesterday about these developments, and how the US government is using their own fake news in order to shut down competition in the information sphere. By definition, that collusion between big government and corporations is classic fascism. Watch:.  What I will confirm is that the Russian intelligence service is determined, clever,  Senator Burr said.  And I recommend that every campaign and every election official take this very seriously. Russiagate has really turned into a Vaudeville act.READ MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russiagate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22771,Fake News: The Collapse of the MSM’s ‘Facebook Russian Bot’ Story,"As 21WIRE said last year, the Russian hacking, or Russiagate story was a political hoax from the start. What this story can now demonstrate, is that for the last 18 months, the entire mainstream media has been promulgating a highly politicised, and relentless campaign of fake news designed to implicate Russia in an imaginary scandal. Leading the pack are former  papers of record  The New York Times and The Washington Post, flanked by America s premier broadcast TV propaganda outlet CNN.Last week, we revealed how powerful politicians in Washington had pressured Facebook executives to come up with any evidence to support the Democratic Party s theory of  Russian meddling,    demonstrating clear collusion between the Obama Administration and Silicon Valley corporation Facebook, with the goal of fabricating a scandal in order to scapegoat Vladimir Putin and the Russians for the electoral collapse of Hillary Clinton last November.As a result, US-Russian relations have been sacrificed at the altar of petty partisan politics and a failing deep state agenda.It certainly begs the question: with so much at stake, why would Washington and MSM lie and risk pushing global tensions closer to a world war level confrontation? If they are prepared to lie about this, what else are they prepared to lie about?Consortium News Exclusive: The U.S. mainstream media is determined to prove Russia-gate despite the scandal s cracking foundation and its inexplicable anomalies, such as why Russia would set up a Facebook  puppies  page.By Robert ParryWhat is perhaps most unprofessional, unethical and even immoral about the U.S. mainstream media s coverage of Russia-gate is how all the stories start with the conclusion    Russia bad    and then make whatever shards of information exist fit the preordained narrative.For instance, we re told that Facebook executives, who were sent back three times by Democratic lawmakers to find something to pin on Russia, finally detected $100,000 worth of ads spread out over three years from accounts  suspected of links to Russia  or similar hazy wording.These Facebook ads and 201 related Twitter accounts, we re told, represent the long-missing proof about Russian  meddling  in the U.S. presidential election after earlier claims faltered or fell apart under even minimal scrutiny.In the old days, journalists might have expressed some concern that Facebook  found  the ads only under extraordinary pressure from powerful politicians, such as Sen. Mark Warner, D-Virginia, the vice chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee and a leading legislator on the tech industry. But today s mainstream reporters took Warner s side and made it look like Facebook had been dragging its heels and that there must be much more out there.However, it doesn t really seem to matter how little evidence there is. Anything will do.Even the paltry $100,000 is not put in any perspective (Facebook has annual revenue of $27 billion), nor the 201 Twitter accounts (compared to Twitter s 328 million monthly users). Nor are the hazy allegations of  suspected   links to Russia  subjected to serious inspection. Although Russia is a nation of 144 million people and many divergent interests, it s assumed that everything must be personally ordered by President Vladimir Putin.Yet, if you look at some of the details about these $100,000 in ads, you learn the case is even flimsier than you might have thought. The sum was spread out over 2015, 2016 and 2017   and thus represented a very tiny pebble in a very large lake of Facebook activity.But more recently we learned that only 44 percent of the ads appeared before Americans went to the polls last November, according to Facebook; that would mean that 56 percent appeared afterwards.Facebook added that  roughly 25% of the ads were never shown to anyone.   For 50% of the ads, less than $3 was spent; for 99% of the ads, less than $1,000 was spent. So, as miniscule as the $100,000 in ad buys over three years may have seemed, the tiny pebble turns out really to be only a fraction of a tiny pebble if the Russians indeed did toss it into the 2016 campaign.What About the Puppies?We further have learned that most ads weren t for or against a specific candidate, but rather addressed supposedly controversial issues that the mainstream media insists were meant to divide the United States and thus somehow undermine American democracy.Except, it turns out that one of the issues was puppies.As Mike Isaac and Scott Shane of The New York Times reported in Tuesday s editions,  The Russians who posed as Americans on Facebook last year tried on quite an array of disguises.   There was even a Facebook group for animal lovers with memes of adorable puppies that spread across the site with the help of paid ads. Now, there are a lot of controversial issues in America, but I don t think any of us would put puppies near the top of the list. Isaac and Shane reported that there were also supposedly Russia-linked groups advocating gay rights, gun rights and black civil rights, although precisely how these divergent groups were  linked  to Russia or the Kremlin was never fully explained. (Facebook declined to offer details.)At this point, a professional journalist might begin to pose some very hard questions to the sources, who presumably include many partisan Democrats and their political allies hyping the evil-Russia narrative. It would be time for some lectures to the sources about the consequences for taking reporters on a wild ride in conspiracy land.Yet, instead of starting to question the overall premise of this  scandal,  journalists at The New York Times, The Washington Post, CNN, etc. keep making excuses for the nuttiness. The explanation for the puppy ads was that the nefarious Russians might be probing to discover Americans who might later be susceptible to propaganda. The goal of the dog lovers  page was more obscure,  Isaac and Shane acknowledged.  But some analysts suggested a possible motive: to build a large following before gradually introducing political content. Without viewing the entire feed from the page, now closed by Facebook, it is impossible to say whether the Russian operators tried such tactics. [Seriously, this is what the New York Times is passing off as  journalism  now]The Joe McCarthy of Russia-gateThe Times then turned to Clinton Watts, a former FBI agent and a top promoter of the New McCarthyism that has swept Official Washington. Watts has testified before Congress that almost anything that appears on social media these days criticizing a politician may well be traceable to the Russians Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russiagate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22772,"Boiler Room EP #129 – Mandalay ‘Massacre:’ Initial Boil Down with Hesh, Spore, Jay, Funk and Pharaoh","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Fvnk$oul & Infidel Pharaoh (ACR Contributors) for the hundred and twenty ninth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.Hesher, Spore, Jay Dyer, Fvnk$oul and Infidel Pharaoh representing the ACR Brain-Trust with their initial analysis of the Mandalay Bay Massacre. The details, the anomalies, opinions, hypotheses and the questions we came up with in the first 24 hours after the event.Direct Download Episode #129 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22773,‘Russia Did It’ – The New Age of McCarthyism,"Robert Parry Consortium NewsMake no mistake about it: the United States has entered an era of a New McCarthyism that blames nearly every political problem on Russia and has begun targeting American citizens who don t go along with this New Cold War propaganda.A difference, however, from the McCarthyism of the 1950s is that this New McCarthyism has enlisted Democrats, liberals and even progressives in the cause because of their disgust with President Trump; the 1950s version was driven by Republicans and the Right with much of the Left on the receiving end, maligned by the likes of Sen. Joe McCarthy as  un-American  and as Communism s  fellow travelers. The real winners in this New McCarthyism appear to be the neoconservatives who have leveraged the Democratic/liberal hatred of Trump to draw much of the Left into the political hysteria that sees the controversy over alleged Russian political  meddling  as an opportunity to  get Trump. Already, the neocons and their allies have exploited the anti-Russian frenzy to extract tens of millions of dollars more from the taxpayers for programs to  combat Russian propaganda,  i.e., funding of non-governmental organizations and  scholars  who target dissident Americans for challenging the justifications for this New Cold War.The Washington Post, which for years has served as the flagship for neocon propaganda, is again charting the new course for America, much as it did in rallying U.S. public backing for the 2003 invasion of Iraq and in building sympathy for abortive  regime change  projects aimed at Syria and Iran. The Post has begun blaming almost every unpleasant development in the world on Russia! Russia! Russia!For instance, a Post editorial on Tuesday shifted the blame for the anemic victory of German Chancellor Angela Merkel and the surprising strength of the far-right Alternative for Germany (AfD) from Merkel s austerity policies, which have caused hardship for much of the working class, or from her open door for Mideast refugees, which has destabilized some working-class neighborhoods, to   you guessed it   Russia!The evidence, as usual, is vague and self-interested, but sure to be swallowed by many Democrats and liberals, who hate Russia because they blame it for Trump, and by lots of Republicans and conservatives, who have a residual hatred for Russia left over from the Old Cold War.The Post cited the Atlantic Council s Digital Forensic Research Lab, which has been pushing much of the hysteria about alleged Russian activities on the Internet. The Atlantic Council essentially is NATO s think tank and is financed with money from the U.S. government, Gulf oil states, military contractors, global financial institutions and many other sources which stand to gain directly or indirectly from the expanding U.S. military budget and NATO interventions.Blaming RussiaIn this New Cold War, the Russians get blamed for not only disrupting some neocon  regime change  projects, such as the proxy war in Syria, but also political developments in the West, such as Donald Trump s election and AfD s rise in Germany.The Atlantic Council s digital lab claimed, according to the Post editorial, that  In the final hours of the [German] campaign, online supporters of the AfD began warning their base of possible election fraud, and the online alarms were  driven by anonymous troll accounts and boosted by a Russian-language bot-net. Of course, the Post evinces no evidence tying any of this to the Russian government or to President Vladimir Putin. It is the nature of McCarthyism that actual evidence is not required, just heavy breathing and dark suspicions. For those of us who operate Web sites,  trolls    some volunteers and some professionals   have become a common annoyance and they represent many political outlooks, not just Russian.Plus, it is standard procedure these days for campaigns to issue last-minute alarms to their supporters about possible election fraud to raise doubts about the results should the outcome be disappointing.The U.S. government has engaged in precisely this strategy around the world, having pro-U.S. parties not only complain about election fraud but to take to the streets in violent protests to impugn the legitimacy of election outcomes. That U.S. strategy has been applied to places such as Ukraine (the Orange Revolution in 2004); Iran (the Green Revolution in 2009); Russia (the Snow Revolution in 2011); and many other locations.Pre-election alerts also have become a feature in U.S. elections, even in 2016 when both Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton raised questions about the legitimacy of the balloting, albeit for different reasons.Yet, instead of seeing the AfD maneuver as a typical ploy by a relatively minor party   and the German election outcome as an understandable reflection of voter discontent and weariness over Merkel s three terms as Chancellor   the Atlantic Council and the Post see Russians under every bed and particularly Putin.Loving to Hate PutinIn the world of neocon propaganda, Putin has become the great b te noire, since he has frustrated a variety of neocon schemes. He helped head off a major U.S. military strike against Syria in 2013; he aided President Obama in achieving the Iran nuclear agreement in 2014-15; Putin opposed and   to a degree   frustrated the neocon-supported coup in Ukraine in 2014; and he ultimately supplied the air power that defeated neocon-backed  rebel  forces in Syria in 2015-17.So, the Post and the neocons want Putin gone   and they have used gauzy allegations about  Russian meddling  in the U.S. and other elections as the new propaganda theme to justify destabilizing Russia with economic sanctions and, if possible, engineering another  regime change  project in Moscow.None of this is even secret. Carl Gershman, the neocon president of the U.S.-government-funded National Endowment for Democracy, publicly proclaimed the goal of ousting Putin in an op-ed in The Washington Post, writing:  The United States has the power to contain and defeat this danger. The issue is whether we can summon the will to do so. But the way neocon propaganda works is that the U.S. and its allies are always the victims of some nefarious enemy who must be thwarted to protect all that is good in the world. In other words, even as NED and other U.S.-funded operations take aim at Putin and Russia, Russia and Putin must be transformed into the aggressors. Mr. Putin would like nothing better than to generate doubts, fog, cracks and uncertainty around the German pillar of Europe,  the Post editorial said.  He relishes infiltrating chaos and mischief into open societies. In this case, supporting the far-right AfD is extraordinarily cynical, given how many millions of Russians died to defeat the fascists seven decades ago. Not to belabor the point but there is no credible evidence that Putin did any of this. There is a claim by the virulently anti-Russian Atlantic Council that some  anonymous troll accounts  promoted some AfD complaint about possible voter fraud and that it was picked up by  a Russian-language bot-net.  Even if that is true   and the Atlantic Council is far from an objective source   where is the link to Putin?Not everything that happens in Russia, a nation of 144 million people, is ordered by Putin. But the Post would have you believe that it is. It is the centerpiece of this neocon conspiracy theory.Silencing DissentSimilarly, any American who questions this propaganda immediately is dismissed as a  Kremlin stooge  or a  Russian propagandist,  another ugly campaign spearheaded by the Post and the neocons. Again, no evidence is required, just some analysis that what you re saying somehow parallels something Putin has said.On Tuesday, in what amounted to a companion piece for the editorial, a Post article again pushed the unproven suspicions about  Russian operatives  buying $100,000 in Facebook ads from 2015 into 2017 to supposedly influence U.S. politics. Once again, no evidence required.In the article, the Post also reminds its readers that Moscow has a history of focusing on social inequities in the U.S., which gets us back to the comparisons between the Old McCarthyism and the new.Yes, it s true that the Soviet Union denounced America s racial segregation and cited that ugly feature of U.S. society in expressing solidarity with the American civil rights movement and national liberation struggles in Africa. It s also true that American Communists collaborated with the domestic civil rights movement to promote racial integration.That was a key reason why J. Edgar Hoover s FBI targeted Martin Luther King Jr. and other African-American leaders   because of their association with known or suspected Communists. (Similarly, the Reagan administration resisted support for Nelson Mandela because his African National Congress accepted Communist support in its battle against South Africa s Apartheid white-supremacist regime.)Interestingly, one of the arguments from liberal national Democrats in opposing segregation in the 1960s was that the repression of American blacks undercut U.S. diplomatic efforts to develop allies in Africa. In other words, Soviet and Communist criticism of America s segregation actually helped bring about the demise of that offensive system.Yet, King s association with alleged Communists remained a talking point of die-hard segregationists even after his assassination when they opposed creating a national holiday in his honor in the 1980s.These parallels between the Old McCarthyism and the New McCarthyism are implicitly acknowledged in the Post s news article on Tuesday, which cites Putin s criticism of police killings of unarmed American blacks as evidence that he is meddling in U.S. politics. Since taking office, Putin has on occasion sought to spotlight racial tensions in the United States as a means of shaping perceptions of American society,  the article states.  Putin injected himself in 2014 into the race debate after protests broke out in Ferguson, Mo., over the fatal shooting of Michael Brown, an African American, by a white police officer. Do you believe that everything is perfect now from the point of view of democracy in the United States?  Putin told CBS s  60 Minutes  program.  If everything was perfect, there wouldn t be the problem of Ferguson. There would be no abuse by the police. But our task is to see all these problems and respond properly. The Post s speculative point seems to be that Putin s response included having  Russian operatives  buy some ads on Facebook to exploit these racial tensions, but there is no evidence to support that conspiracy theory.However, as this anti-Russia hysteria spreads, we may soon see Americans who also protest the police killing of unarmed black men denounced as  Putin s fellow-travelers,  much as King and other civil rights leaders were smeared as  Communist dupes. Ignoring RealitySo, instead of Democrats and Chancellor Merkel looking in the mirror and seeing the real reasons why many white working-class voters are turning toward  populist  and  extremist  alternatives, they can simply blame Putin and continue a crackdown on Internet-based dissent as the work of  Russian operatives. Already, under the guise of combating  Russian propaganda  and  fake news,  Google, Facebook and other tech giants have begun introducing algorithms to hunt down and marginalize news that challenges official U.S. government narratives on hot-button issues such as Ukraine and Syria. Again, no evidence is required, just the fact that Putin may have said something similar.As Democrats, liberals and even some progressives join in this Russia-gate hysteria   driven by their hatred of Donald Trump and his supposedly  fascistic  tendencies   they might want to consider whom they ve climbed into bed with and what these neocons have in mind for the future.Arguably, if fascism or totalitarianism comes to the United States, it is more likely to arrive in the guise of  protecting democracy  from Russia or another foreign adversary than from a reality-TV clown like Donald Trump.The New McCarthyism with its Orwellian-style algorithms might seem like a clever way to neutralize (or maybe even help oust) Trump, but   long after Trump is gone   a structure for letting the neocons and the mainstream media monopolize American political debate might be a far greater threat to both democracy and peace.***TO READ MORE ON THE NEW COLD WAR: THE 21WIRE COLD WAR FILESSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22774,Boiler Room EP #128 – “Free Speech… Not Without a War”,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Andy Nowicki the Nameless One & the gang for the hundred and twenty eighth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing the outcome of  Free Speech Week  at Berkeley, #KneeGate, a Jim Carrey follow up and much more.Direct Download Episode #128 Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22775,The ‘New Cold War’ – A Rehash of Old Rivalries," What will the  new cold war  look like? (Illustration by Brad Holland)William Blum ICHThe anti-Russian/anti-Soviet bias in the American media appears to have no limit. You would think that they would have enough self-awareness and enough journalistic integrity -  just enough -  to be concerned about their image. But it keeps on coming, piled higher and deeper.One of the latest cases in point is a review of a new biography of Mikhail Gorbachev in the New York Times Book Review (September 10). The review says that Gorbachev  was no hero to his own people  because he was  the destroyer of their empire . This is how the New York Times avoids having to say anything positive about life in the Soviet Union or about socialism. They would have readers believe that it was the loss of the likes of Czechoslovakia or Hungary et al. that upset the Russian people, not the loss, under Gorbachev s perestroika, of a decent standard of living for all, a loss affecting people s rent, employment, vacations, medical care, education, and many other aspects of the Soviet welfare state.Accompanying this review is a quote from a 1996 Times review of Gorbachev s own memoir, which said:  It mystifies Westerners that Mikhail Gorbachev is loathed and ridiculed in his own country. This is the man who pulled the world several steps back from the nuclear brink and lifted a crushing fear from his countrymen, who ended bloody foreign adventures [and] liberated Eastern Europe.   Yet his repudiation at home could hardly be more complete. His political comeback attempt in June attracted less than 1 percent of the vote. Thus is Gorbachev s unpopularity with his own people further relegated to the category of  mystery , and not due to the profound social changes.It should be noted that in 1999, USA Today reported:  When the Berlin Wall crumbled [1989], East Germans imagined a life of freedom where consumer goods were abundant and hardships would fade. Ten years later, a remarkable 51% say they were happier with communism.  Earlier polls would likely have shown even more than 51% expressing such a sentiment, for in the ten years many of those who remembered life in East Germany with some fondness had passed away; although even 10 years later, in 2009, the Washington Post could report:  Westerners [West Berliners] say they are fed up with the tendency of their eastern counterparts to wax nostalgic about communist times. It was in the post-unification period that a new Russian and eastern Europe proverb was born: Everything the Communists said about Communism was a lie, but everything they said about capitalism turned out to be the truth. The current New York Times review twice refers to Vladimir Putin as  authoritarian , as does, routinely, much of the Western media. None of the many such references I have come across in recent years has given an example of such authoritarian policies, although such examples of course exist, as they do under a man named Trump and a woman named May and every other government in the world. But clearly if a strong case could be made of Putin being authoritarian, the Western media would routinely document such in their attacks upon the Russian president. Why do they not?The review further refers to Putin to as  the cold-eye former K.G.B. lieutenant colonel . One has to wonder if the New York Times has ever referred to President George H.W. Bush as  the cold-eye former CIA Director .Just as in the first Cold War, one of the basic problems is that Americans have great difficulty in believing that Russians mean well. Apropos this, I d like to recall the following written about George Kennan, one of the most prominent American diplomats ever:Crossing Poland with the first US diplomatic mission to the Soviet Union in the winter of 1933, a young American diplomat named George Kennan was somewhat astonished to hear the Soviet escort, Foreign Minister Maxim Litvinov, reminisce about growing up in a village nearby, about the books he had read and his dreams as a small boy of being a librarian. We suddenly realized, or at least I did, that these people we were dealing with were human beings like ourselves,  Kennan wrote,  that they had been born somewhere, that they had their childhood ambitions as we had. It seemed for a brief moment we could break through and embrace these people. It hasn t happened yet.Kennan s sudden realization brings George Orwell to mind: We have now sunk to a depth at which the restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men. The plague of nationalismThe world has enough countries. Too goddamn many if you ask me. Is there room for any more delegations at the United Nations? Any more parking spots in New York? Have the people of Catalonia, who are seeking independence from Spain in an October 1 vote, considered that their new nation will have to open hundreds of new embassies and consulates around the world, furnish them all, fill them all with paid employees, houses and apartments and furniture for many of them, several new cars for each diplomatic post.  How many billions of dollars in taxes will be taken from the Catalan people to pay for all this?And what about the military? Any self-respecting country needs an army and a navy. Will the new Catalonia be able to afford even halfway decent armed forces? The new country will of course have to join NATO with its obligatory minimum defense capability. There goes a billion or two more.Plus what it will have to pay the European Union, which will simply be replacing Madrid in imposing many legal restrictions upon the Catalan people.And for what noble purpose are they rising up? Freedom, democracy, civil liberties, human rights? No. It s all for money. Madrid is taking in more in taxes from Catalonia than it returns in services, something which can be said about many city-state relationships in the United States. (Presumably there are also some individual Catalans who have their odd personal reasons.)Catalan nationalists insist that  self-determination  is an inalienable right and cannot be curbed by the Spanish Constitution. Well, then, why stop with an  autonomous community  as Catalonia is designated? Why don t provinces everywhere have the right to declare their independence? How about cities? Or neighborhoods? Why not my block? I could be the president.And there are many other restive independence movements in the world, like the Kurds in Iraq and Turkey; in Scotland, Belgium and Italy; and California. Lord help us. Many countries are very reluctant to even recognize a new state for fear that it might encourage their own people to break away.If love is blind, nationalism has lost all five senses. If nature were a bank, they would have already rescued it.    Eduardo GaleanoU.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin told a New York investor conference that Hurricane Irma would ultimately boost the economy by sparking rebuilding. There clearly is going to be an impact on GDP in the short run, we will make it up in the long run. As we rebuild, that will help GDP. It won t have a bad impact on the economy. Hmmm   very interesting   Can we therefore assume that if the damage had been twice as bad it would have boosted the economy even more?Meanwhile, in the non-Trump, non-fantasy world, there is a thing called climate change; i.e. the quality of our lives, the survival of the planet. What keeps corporations from modifying their behavior so as to be kinder to our environment? It is of course the good old  bottom line  again. What can we do to convince the corporations to consistently behave like good citizens? Nothing that hasn t already been tried and failed. Except one thing.   unmentionable in polite company.   unmentionable in a capitalist society.   Nationalization. There, I said it. Now I ll be getting letters addressed to  The Old Stalinist .But nationalization is not a panacea either, at least for the environment. There s the greatest single source of man-made environmental damage in the world   The United States military. And it s already been nationalized. But doing away with private corporations will reduce the drive toward imperialism sufficiently that before long the need for a military will fade away and we can live like Costa Rica. If you think that would put the United States in danger of attack, please tell me who would attack, and why.The argument I like to use when speaking to those who don t accept the idea that extreme weather phenomena are man-made is this:Well, we can proceed in one of two ways:1: We can do our best to limit the greenhouse effect by curtailing greenhouse gas emissions (carbon dioxide, methane, and nitrous oxide) into the atmosphere, and if it turns out that these emissions were not in fact the cause of all the extreme weather phenomena, then we ve wasted a lot of time, effort and money (although other benefits to the ecosystem would still accrue).2: We can do nothing at all to curtail the emission of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere, and if it turns out that these emissions were in fact the leading cause of all the extreme weather phenomena (not simply extreme, but getting downright freaky), then we ve lost the earth and life as we know it.So, are you a gambler?The new Vietnam documentaryAt the beginning of Ken Burns  new documentary on the American war in Vietnam the narrator says the war  was begun in good faith by decent people out of fateful misunderstandings, American overconfidence and Cold War misunderstandings. The early American involvement in Vietnam can be marked by two things in particular: (1) helping the French imperialists in their fight against the forces led by Ho Chi Minh of North Vietnam and (2) the cancellation of the elections that would have united North and South Vietnam as one nation because the US and its South Vietnam allies knew that Ho Chi Minh would win. It was that simple.Nothing of good faith or decency in that scenario. No misunderstandings. Ho Chi Minh was a great admirer of America and its Declaration of Independence. His own actual declaration of 1945 begins with the familiar  All men are created equal. They are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.  But Ho Chi Minh was what was called a  communist . It was that simple. (See the Vietnam chapter in my book Killing Hope for the details.)Daniel Ellsberg s conclusion about the US in Vietnam: It wasn t that we were on the wrong side; we were the wrong side. Ms. HillaryShe has a new book out and lots of interviews, all giving her the opportunity to complain about the many forces that joined together to deny her her rightful place as queen. I might feel a bit, just a bit, of sympathy for the woman if not for her greatest crime.There was a country called Libya. It had the highest standard of living in all of Africa; its people had not only free education and health care but all kinds of other benefits that other Africans could only dream about. It was also a secular state, a quality to be cherished in Africa and the Middle East. But Moammar Gaddafi of Libya was never a properly obedient client of Washington. Amongst other shortcomings, the man threatened to replace the US dollar with gold for payment of oil transactions, create a common African currency, and was a strong supporter of the Palestinians and foe of Israel.In 2011, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was the prime moving force behind the United States and NATO turning Libya into a failed state, where it remains today.The attack against Libya was one that the New York Times said Clinton had  championed , convincing President Obama in  what was arguably her moment of greatest influence as Secretary of State.  The people of Libya were bombed almost daily for more than six months. The main excuse given was that Gaddafi was about to invade Benghazi, the Libyan center of his opponents, and so the United States and NATO were thus saving the people of that city from a massacre. The American people and the American media of course swallowed this story, though no convincing evidence of the alleged impending massacre has ever been presented. The nearest thing to an official US government account of the matter   a Congressional Research Service report on events in Libya for the period   makes no mention at all of the threatened massacre.The US/NATO heavy bombing sent Libya crashing in utter chaos, leading to the widespread dispersal throughout North African and Middle East hotspots of the gigantic arsenal of weaponry that Gaddafi had accumulated. Libya is now a haven for terrorists, from al Qaeda to ISIS, whereas Gaddafi had been a leading foe of terrorists. He had declared Libya as a barrier to terrorists, as well as African refugees, going to Europe. The bombing has contributed greatly to the area s mammoth refugee crisis.And when Hillary was shown a video about the horrific murder of Gaddafi by his opponents she loudly cackled (yes, that s the word):  We came, we saw, he died!  You can see it on Youtube.There s also her support of placing regime change in Syria ahead of supporting the Syrian government in its struggle against ISIS and other terrorist groups. Even more disastrous was the 2003 US invasion of Iraq which she as a senator supported.If all this is not sufficient to capture the utter charm of the woman, another foreign-policy adventure, one which her swooning followers totally ignore, the few that even know about it, is the coup ousting the moderately progressive Manuel Zelaya of Honduras in June, 2009. A tale told many times in Latin America: The downtrodden masses finally put into power a leader committed to reversing the status quo, determined to try to put an end to two centuries of oppression   and before long the military overthrows the democratically-elected government, while the United States   if not the mastermind behind the coup   does nothing to prevent it or to punish the coup regime, as only the United States can punish; meanwhile Washington officials pretend to be very upset over this  affront to democracy .District of ColumbiaHow many people around the world know that in Washington, DC (District of Columbia, where I live), the capital city of the United States  - the country that is always lecturing the world about this thing called  democracy   - the citizens do not have the final say over making the laws that determine life in their city? Many Americans as well are not aware of this.According to the US Constitution (Section 8) Congress has the final say, and in recent years has blocked the city from using local tax dollars to subsidize abortion for low-income women, blocked the implementation of legal marijuana use, blocked needle exchanges, blocked certain taxes, blocked a law that says employers cannot discriminate against workers based on their reproductive decisions, imposed private schools into the public-school system, and will soon probably block the District s new assisted-suicide law (already blocked in the House of Representatives). On top of all this, since DC is not a state, its citizens do not have any representatives in the Senate and their sole representative in the House has only the barest non-voting, token rights. DC residents did not even have the right to vote for the president until 1964.In 2015 in Brussels, the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization formally voted to accept the District of Columbia as a new member. UNPO is an international democratic organization whose members are indigenous peoples, minorities and unrecognized or occupied territories who have joined together to protect and promote their human and cultural rights, to preserve their environments and to find nonviolent solutions to conflicts which affect them.NOTES1: USA Today, October 11, 1999, p.1 2: Washington Post, May 12, 2009; see a similar story November 5, 2009 3: Walter Isaacson & Evan Thomas, The Wise Men (1986), p.158 4: Associated Press, September 21, 2017 5: New York Times, February 28, 2016 6:  Libya: Transition and U.S. Policy , updated March 4, 2016. 7: RT (Russia Today) television station, January 8, 2016 8: See Mark Weisbrot s  Top Ten Ways You Can Tell Which Side The United States Government is On With Regard to the Military Coup in Honduras ***TO READ MORE ON THE NEW COLD WAR: THE 21WIRE COLD WAR FILESSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22776,EXPLAINED: The West’s NGO ‘Human Rights’ Scam,"Just look around the world and throughout recent history, and you will find a number of compelling cases where western-backed NGOs have frequently acted as enablers for the military interventions, sanctions and economic blockades that followed. Look at Iraq, Libya, Syria, Afghanistan, Yugoslavia, Iran and Sudan   all were given the  human rights  treatment prior to aggressive western actions. In most cases, claims of human rights violations and exaggerated atrocity reports preceded western action. In his 2016 position paper entitled, AN INTRODUCTION: Smart Power & The Human Rights Industrial Complex, 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen raised the alarm about the use of high-profile  human rights  charities and NGOs like Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International who have allowed their organisations to be used as pro-interventionist propaganda outlets: Though many human rights charities still market themselves as  neutral  and  nonpartisan , but reality is something very different. With public skepticism of the charity sector already at an all-time high, the danger is clear: if conflicts of interest are not addressed in a serious way, it could eventually undermine the overall credibility of the non-governmental organization (NGO) sector internationally. Below is a video presentation from leading independent military affairs website Southfront which skillfully unravels the West s sophisticated international  third sector  web of NGO s and charities, and how they are used to promote the foreign policy and military objectives of the US and its NATO allies worldwide. Watch: If you enjoyed this presentation, you should also check out this TV special on the problems and conflicts of interest present in high-profile western-backed NGOs:AL-Mayadeen: Patrick Henningsen on Smart Power and The New NGO Complex***SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TVREAD MORE SMART POWER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Smart Power Files",0
22777,Henningsen on U.S. vs North Korea: ‘Wouldn’t You Want a Nuclear Deterrent?’,"Regarding the current North Korea missile crisis, President Trump s teleprompter-led address to the United Nations General Assembly was provocative, and perhaps counter-productive in terms of achieving peace and stability in the Far East region. Some will even say that it ranks as one of the most embarrassing moments in the history of American international diplomacy. 21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen speaks to RT International about the danger and the rank hypocrisy of the current hawkish US stance against North Korea, and how the current stand-off is also a kind of  stage-managed geopolitical theatre  driven by big money vested interests in US military s bloated Pacific operation, and also about how the US presence in the region is hampering any chance of peace between South and North Korea. Far from creating peace, the US rhetoric is actually helping to push Pyongyang to acquire a nuclear deterrent. Watch: READ MORE NORTH KOREA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire North Korea FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22778,MSM Fake News: How Washington Post Sexed-up its ‘Facebook Russian Bot’ Conspiracy,"This is a story about how once trusted mainstream media outlets like Washington Post and the New York Times have used their vast platforms to distort reality and spread disinformation en masse   to both the American and global public. It s also a story about a new  excuse industry  which has sprung up to medicate Hillary Clinton s tragic defeat.The article below, written by award-winning journalist Robert Parry, reveals the shocking extent to which the establishment is willing to go to achieve both domestic political, and international geopolitical outcomes.In September, we were told by multiple US mainstream media that  suspected Russian operators  used Facebook and Twitter accounts to spread  anti-Clinton  messages which somehow affected the electoral outcome in 2016. This was followed by a dramatic announcement by Facebook officials that they had responded to the crisis by  shutting down  several hundred accounts (approx. 470) suspected to have been created by a firm  linked to the Kremlin  who used  Russian bot  accounts to purchase $100,000 worth of Facebook post ads   3,000 ads in total   over a 3 year period (that s only $33,000 per year) which we re told were  pushing divisive issues during and after the American election campaign  (so said the New York Times).As it turns out, the story was not only wildly exaggerated, it provided a convenient smoke screen to cover-up another case of real collusion.The scale of American propaganda is simply breathtaking.In this single passage taken from the recent New York Times  scoop  on the alleged  Facebook Russian Bot  phenomenon, you can see the full compliment of packaged lies which has become a set piece in US mainstream discourse now: The Russian information attack on the election did not stop with the hacking and leaking of Democratic emails or the fire hose of stories, true, false and in between, that battered Mrs. Clinton on Russian outlets like RT and Sputnik. Far less splashy, and far more difficult to trace, was Russia s experimentation on Facebook and Twitter, the American companies that essentially invented the tools of social media and, in this case, did not stop them from being turned into engines of deception and propaganda. It gets worse though. What the Washington Post and others like the New York Times have obscured from the American people through this massive propaganda exercise   is the Obama Administration and partisan Democrats  own role in helping to generate this contrived conspiracy, or fake news. In the absence of any actual evidence of  collusion  between the Trump campaign and Russia   what we have now is a case of Silicon Valley giant Facebook, actually colluding with the White House and the Federal government officials in order to help fabricate a highly politicized false conviction. Here are some of the main points in the article below:  Powerful politicians pressured Facebook executives to come up with any evidence to support the Democratic Party s theory of  Russian meddling.  The Washington Post and others tried to convince a naive portion of the public to believe that somehow $100,000 in transient Facebook ad impacted the tens of billions of dollars spent during U.S. political spending for the 2016 election cycle.  With all of the hype about  Russian operatives,  the mainstream media has not produced evidence to show who bought the ads.As journalistic hoaxes go, this is one of the biggest we ve seen.Perhaps an even bigger fraud in all of this however, is how a corporate mainstream media outlet like the Washington Post can use it s unlimited resources and media might to push out a blatantly fake narrative, intentionally distorted to deceive the public in order to achieve some partisan political objective   and then site on the board of the establishment s  First Draft  project which they claim is leading the fight against  fake news . How can a major purveyor of fake news be left to lead the fight to  tackle fake news ?  This is the danger of allowing an establishment cartel comprising of the corporate media, Facebook, Google and other tech monopolies   to devise their own information policing regime.More on this incredible story from award-winning Consortium News here . . By Robert ParrySome people are calling the anti-Russian hysteria being whipped up across the U.S. mainstream news media a new  golden age of American journalism,  although it looks to me more like a new age of yellow journalism, prepping the people for more military spending, more  information warfare  and more actual war.Yes, without doubt, President Trump is a boorish and dangerous demagogue, now highlighted by his reckless speech before the United Nations last week, his schoolyard Tweet taunts toward North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, and his ugly denunciation of black athletes for protesting against police killings of often unarmed African-Americans.And, yes, I know that some people feel that the evidence-lite and/or false allegations about  Russian meddling  are the golden ticket to Trump s impeachment. But the unprofessional behavior of The New York Times, The Washington Post and pretty much the entire mainstream media regarding Russia-gate cannot be properly justified by the goal of removing Trump from office.Ethically in journalism, the ends   however much you might wish them to succeed   cannot justify the means, if those means involve violating rules of evidence and principles of fairness. Journalism should be a place where all sides get a fair shake, not where some get a bum s rush.But the U.S. mainstream media has clearly joined the anti-Trump Resistance and hates Russian President Vladimir Putin, too. So, we are given such travesties of journalism as appeared as a banner headline across the front page of Monday s Washington Post, another screed about how Russia supposedly used Facebook ads to flip last November s election for Trump.The article purports to give the inside story of how Facebook belatedly came to grips with how the  company s social network played a key role in the U.S. election,  but actually it is a story about how powerful politicians bullied Facebook into coming up with something   anything   to support the narrative of  Russian meddling,  including direct interventions by President Obama and Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Intelligence Committee and a key legislator regarding regulation of high-tech industries.Finding the  Evidence In other words, Facebook was sent back again and again to find what Obama and Warner wanted the social media company to find. Eventually, Facebook turned up $100,000 in ads from 2015 into 2017 that supposedly were traced somehow to Russia. These ads apparently addressed political issues in America although Facebook has said most did not pertain directly to the presidential election and some ads were purchased after the election.Left out of the Post s latest opus is what a very small pebble these ads were   even assuming that Russians did toss the $100,000 or so in ad buys into the very large lake of billions of dollars in U.S. political spending for the 2016 election cycle. It also amounts to a miniscule fraction of Facebook s $27 billion in annual revenue.So the assertion that this alleged  meddling    and we ve yet to see any evidence connecting these ads to the Russian government    played a key role in the U.S. election  is both silly and outrageous, especially given the risks involved in stoking animosities between nuclear-armed Russia and nuclear-armed America.Facebook: Colluding with government.Even the Post s alarmist article briefly acknowledges that it is still unclear who bought the ads, referring to the purchasers as  suspected Russian operatives.  In other words, we don t even know that the $100,000 in ads over three years came from Russians seeking to influence the U.S. election. (By comparison, many Facebook advertisers   even some small businesses   spend $100,000 per day on their ads, not $100,000 over three years.)But this diminutive effort by  suspected Russian operatives doesn t stop the Post from going on and on about  fake news  and  disinformation,  albeit again without offering evidence or specifics of any Russian  fake news  or  disinformation. It has simply become Official Washington s new groupthink to say that everything linked to Russia or its international TV network RT is  fake news  or  disinformation  even though examples are lacking or often turn out to be false accusations themselves.For instance, there is nothing in the Post s article acknowledging that nothing from the various Democratic email disclosures, which have been blamed on Russia (again without real evidence), has been identified as untrue. So, how can truthful information, whether you like how it was obtained or not, be  fake news  or  disinformation ?Falsehood as FactBut Monday s Post expos  simply asserts the claim as flat fact. Or as the article asserts:  what Russian operatives posted on Facebook was, for the most part, indistinguishable from legitimate political speech. The difference was the accounts that were set up to spread the misinformation and hate were illegitimate. In responsible journalism, such an accusation would be followed by a for-instance, giving an example of  the misinformation and hate  that the  Russian operatives    note how they have been magically transformed from  suspected Russian operatives  to simply  Russian operatives    were disseminating.But there is no example of the Russian  misinformation and hate,  a classic violation of the reporting principle of  show, don t tell.  In this story, it s all tell and no show.Indeed, what is shown in the article is often contradictory to the story s conclusion. The article says, for instance,  A review by the company found that most of the groups behind the problematic pages had clear financial motives, which suggested that they weren t working for a foreign government. But amid the mass of data the company was analyzing, the security team did not find clear evidence of Russian disinformation or ad purchases by Russian-linked accounts. So, Facebook initially   after extensive searching   did not find evidence of a Russian operation. Then, after continued pressure from high-level Democrats, Facebook continued to scour its system and again found nothing, or as the Post article acknowledged, Facebook  had searched extensively for evidence of foreign purchases of political advertising but had come up short. That prompted Warner to fly out to Silicon Valley to personally press Facebook executives to come up with the evidence to support the Democrats  theory about Russia paying for carefully targeted anti-Clinton ads in key districts.The Post s article reported that  Finally, [Facebook Chief Security Officer Alex] Stamos appealed to Warner for help: If U.S. intelligence agencies had any information about the Russian operation or the troll farms it used to disseminate misinformation, they should share it with Facebook. The company is still waiting, people involved in the matter said. Under PressureStill, faced with extraordinary pressure from senior Democrats, Facebook finally delivered the desired results, or as the Post reported,  By early August, Facebook had identified more than 3,000 ads addressing social and political issues that ran in the United States between 2015 and 2017 and that appear to have come from accounts associated with the [St. Petersburg, Russia-based] Internet Research Agency. So, the ads covering three years, including post-election 2017, only  appear  to be  associated  with some private Russian operation that only allegedly has ties to the Kremlin. And the total sums of the ad buys are infinitesimal compared to what it actually takes to have any real impact on Facebook or in a U.S. presidential election.If the context of this story were changed slightly   say, it was about the U.S. government trying to influence public opinion in another country (which actually does happen quite a bit)   the Post would be among the first news outlets to laugh off such allegations or dismiss the vague accusations as a conspiracy theory, but since these allegations fit with the prejudices of the Post s editors, an entirely different set of journalistic standards is applied.What the article also ignores is the extraordinary degree of coercion that such high-level political pressure can put on a company that recognizes its vulnerability to government regulation.As Facebook has acknowledged in corporate filings,  Action by governments to restrict access to Facebook in their countries could substantially harm our business and financial results. It is possible that governments of one or more countries may seek to censor content available on Facebook in their country, restrict access to Facebook from their country entirely, or impose other restrictions that may affect the accessibility of Facebook in their country for an extended period of time or indefinitely.  In the event that access to Facebook is restricted, in whole or in part, in one or more countries or our competitors are able to successfully penetrate geographic markets that we cannot access, our ability to retain or increase our user base and user engagement may be adversely affected, we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue as anticipated, and our financial results could be adversely affected. Avoiding RealityIn other words, another way to have framed this story is that powerful politicians who could severely harm Facebook s business model were getting in the face of Facebook executives and essentially demanding that they come up with something to support the Democratic Party s theory of  Russian meddling. The Democratic leaders wanted this finding as an explanation for Hillary Clinton s (image, left) stunning defeat, rather than going through the painful process of examining why the party has steadily lost ground in white working-class areas across the country.What is missed in these Russia-bashing articles is that the Democratic brand has been sinking for years, including massive losses in statehouses across the country as well as in Congress. The party s decline was not a one-off event with Donald Trump suddenly snaking away with significant parts of the white working class because the Russians bought some Facebook ads.However, instead of looking in the mirror, national Democrats demanded that Facebook executives ferret out whatever tiny or imaginary information there might be about some Russians buying Facebook ads   and then allow those coerced findings to be fed into the excuse industry for why Hillary Clinton lost.And, what about the Post s repeated accusations about Russia engaging in  disinformation  and  fake news  without offering a single example? Apparently, these assertions have become such articles of faith in the U.S. mainstream media that they don t require any proof.However, honest journalism demands examples and evidence, not just vague accusations. The reality is that the U.S. government has stumbled again and again when seeking to paint RT as a disinformation outlet or a vehicle for undermining American democracy.For instance, the Jan. 6 report on alleged Russian  cyber operations,  released by Obama s Director of National Intelligence James Clapper, included a lengthy appendix, dated from 2012, which decried RT for such offenses as allowing a debate among third-party presidential candidates who had been excluded from the Republican-Democratic debates; covering the Occupy Wall Street protests; and citing the environmental dangers from  fracking. The idea that American democracy is threatened by allowing third-party candidates or other American dissidents to have a voice is at best an upside-down understanding of democracy and, more likely, an exercise in hypocritical propaganda.False AccusationsAnother misfired attempt to discredit RT came from Obama s Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy Richard Stengel, who issued a  Dipnote  in April 2014, which helped establish the narrative of RT as a source of Russian disinformation.For instance, Stengel claimed that RT reported a  ludicrous assertion  that the United States had spent $5 billion to produce Ukraine s  regime change  in February 2014.But what Stengel, a former managing editor of Time magazine, apparently failed to understand was that RT was referring to a public speech by Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs Victoria Nuland to U.S. and Ukrainian business leaders on Dec. 13, 2013, in which she told them that  we have invested more than $5 billion  in what was needed for Ukraine to achieve its  European aspirations.  In other words, the RT report wasn t  ludicrous  at all.Nuland also was a leading proponent of  regime change  in Ukraine who personally cheered on the Maidan demonstrators, even passing out cookies. In an intercepted pre-coup phone call with U.S. Ambassador to Ukraine Geoffrey Pyatt, Nuland discussed who should run the new government and pondered with Pyatt how to  glue  or  midwife this thing. So, Stengel was the one disseminating false information, not RT.Similarly, senior U.S. politicians, including Hillary Clinton, and the U.S. mainstream media have falsely asserted that all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies signed off on the Russia-did-it hacking claims.For months, that canard was used to silence skepticism. After all, how could you question something that all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies confirmed to be true?But it turned out that   as DNI Clapper, himself a hardline Russia-basher, belatedly acknowledged   the Jan. 6 report on the alleged Russian hacking was the work of  hand-picked  analysts from only three agencies, the CIA, FBI and NSA, and the  assessment  itself admitted that it was not asserting the Russian conclusion as fact, only the analysts  opinion.The New York Times finally retracted its use of the fake claim about  all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies  in late June 2017 although it wouldn t let the lie lie, so instead the Times made misleading references to a  consensus  among U.S. intelligence agencies without using the number Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russiagate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22779,SUNDAY SCREENING: Overpill (2017),"This week s documentary film curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE. The US has a highly developed pharmaceutical industry offering treatments for all kinds of mental disorders. Millions of Americans are being medicated for ailments as diverse as depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder and many others. Even young children are being put on psychiatric drugs. If parents decline such treatment, social services may intervene. Many patients, who ve been taking these pills for years, insist that they do more harm than good. They have experienced disturbing side effects such as suicidal thoughts, addiction and even neurological damage. A lot of patients were put on their medication as children and by the time they were legally old enough to decide for themselves, they had already become addicted. They testify that breaking their dependency on the drugs is extremely difficult because, like any habit forming narcotic, they cause severe withdrawal symptoms.RTD meets some of the sufferers to hear their stories of battling to shake off prescribed medicines. Father of 5, Josh, was given anxiety medication, it caused Akathisia and Dystonia. Both are physical disorders causing involuntary and uncontrolled body movement and have left him disabled. Olivia s son was prescribed psychiatric drugs to treat Attention Deficit Disorder (ADHD). Olivia soon noticed side effects and refused to continue giving him the pills. He was taken by social services and hospitalised.  These stories and more.RTD meets a few of them. Watch this incredible documentary film:. Run time: 49 min Writer & Director: Petr Timofeev Distributor: RT-TV Novosti (2017)SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERE",0
22780,"Episode #203 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘The Dotard Effect’ with guests Mike Robinson, Basil Valentine"," Episode #203 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes on Sept 24th, 2017 as host Patrick Henningsen brings you this week s LIVE broadcast on the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR)   covering all the top news stories both at home and internationally LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12am PT (US)  This week the SUNDAY WIRE is broadcasting LIVE from Southwest England with host Patrick Henningsen joined in studio by Mike Robinson editor of the UK Column, covering the biggest international stories this week. In the first hour, we ll cover the North Korea Crisis and Trump s debacle at the UN General Assembly, and B-1 bomber nuke flyer over. What are the chances for diplomacy? Also, America s increasingly loopy Russiaphobia rabbit hole, internet censorship and cultural and political speech monopoly of Google and Facebook and their mainstream media accomplices, and the deceptive  academic  projects designed to defame independent media outlets who dare to question the official myth of the White Helmets. We ll also  unpack  (excuse our use of dumbed-down American pseudo-intellectual slang) the #BREXIT deception, as the smoke and mirrors in Westminster continues, and why Britain will remain in the EU after all the theatrics have passed, and the Kurdish Referendum too and what it means, also with US and its SDF proxies in Syria caught aiding and abetting ISIS again. In the final hour, we may try and connect with SUNDAY WIRE roving correspondent for Culture & Sport, Basil Valentine live from the Labour Party Conference in Brighton, England   where Corbyn Mania continues, along with week s most shocking stories in internationally, including Tony Blair s new political party (?). Enjoy the show   SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Download Episode #203Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives    ",0
22781,Undercutting the Nation State? Chicago Group Suggests ‘Global Cities’ Should Run World Affairs,"Mark Anderson TRUTH HOUNDCHICAGO, Ill.   The  Disruptive Forces Changing Cities,  program, conducted by the Chicago Council of Global Affairs Sept. 15, was a textbook case of an elite organization pursuing a tightly planned, dictatorial society while sounding like it s seeking a democratic, promising vision of fairness and prosperity for all.It s all being spearheaded in accordance with the growing  global cities  movement that gradually challenges the authority of the very nation-states that the world s primary cities inhabit.This approach, according to several CCGA-aligned think tanks, journalists and others supporting the Global Parliament of Mayors and similar groupings, amounts to a direct challenge to national authority, in order to usurp some of the key powers delegated to national governments by their charters and constitutions.Since this movement chisels away at the constitutional foundations of nations, it risks undermining them in a way that would redraw the lines of governance, in a manner that s highly unpredictable, and potentially radical and unlawful. The policy areas over which cities want to assume much more influence (and, ultimately, exert control) include battling climate change, regulating immigration in order to increase it while providing sanctuary cities, along with sparking job growth and several other things even including the seemingly improbable realm of foreign policy, where you d think mayors would not tread.The CCGA s latest program Sept. 15, held on-the-record at the organization s conference center in the Prudential Building on Randolph Street, was a continuation of many of the themes covered in early June 2016 and June 2017 at the CCGA s annual all-day Forum on Global Cities. The keynote speaker Sept. 15 was Amy Liu, who s Vice President and Director of the Metropolitan Policy Program at Washington D.C. s Brookings Institution.She s considered  a national expert on cities and metropolitan areas adept at translating research and insights into action on the ground. As director of Brookings Metro, which Liu co-founded in 1996, she pioneered the program s signature approach to policy and practice, which uses rigorous research to inform strategies for economic growth and opportunity,  a CCGA representative said while introducing Liu in Chicago.Prior to her Brookings work, Liu was Special Assistant to [U.S. Housing and Urban Development] Secretary Henry Cisneros and staffed the U.S. Senate Banking Committee s Subcommittee on Housing and Urban Affairs. She holds a Northwestern University degree in social policy and urban studies.Her remarks were promoted via the CCGA website with statements like,  Cities are increasingly driving the global economy  but  numerous disruptive forces . . . threaten to deepen inequality and economic exclusion, unless cities adapt and evolve. And while Liu spoke of the choices that municipal leaders will need to make, in order to give their workforces access to basic things like skills, (and to  foster innovation and entrepreneurship,  while  deepening regional connections ) the key to understanding her message is discerning what she and the CCGA mean by  global forces of disruption. To address such matters, Liu spoke solo and then collaborated with CCGA moderator Niamh King, who, prior to joining the CCGA, worked for the European Commission and the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, among several other posts.Liu began her talk by saying she wants cities to be  vibrant  places to work and live, but due to America s current national discourse under President Trump,  we are turning our backs on climate change, on the poor and the working class  while also betraying  our values as a nation of immigrants.  Moreover,  people of all races and religions  are being neglected under this national discourse. So rather than take us backwards, the nation needs our cities to move us forward,  Liu carefully stated, presenting a thinly-veiled claim that the nation-state, especially a more nationalist one, represents a barrier to what internationalist-oriented cities can do.Thus, the world s cities, in essence, need to run their nations, she implied. Accordingly, she called for a future that s  hyper-global, more digital, more urban, more multi-racial and multi-ethnic. But her concern is that  these very same forces of progress can also be great sources of division.  Technology, for example, creates opportunities for some  but destroys it for others,  favoring the highly-skilled while abandoning those who cannot keep pace.To combat such disparities, Liu stressed that local leaders need to build  inclusive  local and regional economies  that radically adapt to disruption and future-proof our cities.  Citing her Brookings work, she said cities therefore should pursue three goals:  Growth, prosperity and inclusion. That, she added, means  quality growth of good jobs  to seek better prosperity, but to achieve this inclusion, the benefits, especially in terms of better incomes, must accrue to all members of the community,  closing disparities by race and by place. She also said that 63 U.S. metro areas out of 100 experienced economic growth and job hikes between 2010 and 2015, according to Brookings research. But several cities only saw growth in lesser-quality jobs, while only eight made significant economic progress in inclusion  for whites and people of color. Liu also stressed,  The nation s economic growth is not felt by most people . . . as a whole the bottom 50% of income-earners, the middle class, the working class, the poor, have made no ground. So the bulk of the nation s income gains have accrued to the top earners.  From this, she concluded that it s up to the cities to bridge these gaps and solve the problems.Liu then cited  historic policies and attitudes  that she feels have  held us back  in tackling such inequities. Accordingly, at this point, she delved into  the disruptive forces facing cities  and  how city leaders can adapt to disruption. DOUBLE-SPEAK DETECTEDIronically, Liu spoke of these disruptive forces, which are mainly macroeconomic in nature, as if they re akin to the four horsemen of the apocalypse globalization, urbanization, technology and demographic change,  which, she warned, are  upending existing systems. She went on to say that while globalization has supposedly slowed down, free trade is going strong, accounting  for 40% of world economic value. Trade, she deduced from this, has  tremendous economic value  because firms that export their wares hire more people and pay better wages than non-exporting firms, yet, while downplaying the immense damage free trade has wrought lest groupings like Brookings and the CCGA lose the narrative in their constant support for more free-trade treaties she admitted that U.S. voters in the last election made it clear that globalization has left many without jobs for extended time periods.Showing a color-coded map, she also said that  federal adjustment assistance  has been extended to more than two million Americans in the past two decades those whose jobs were terminated  due to trade,  with  70% of such workers living in large and small metropolitan areas.  The  trade pain was most felt in the industrial communities in the Midwest and the South,  she also conceded.BENDING PEOPLE TO THE SYSTEM, NOT VICE VERSABut the crux of the matter shone through when she stated;  I would say that the problem isn t so much globalization, but the failure of our public policies to help people and to help communities adjust to the new world order Continue this article at The Truth HoundREAD MORE NWO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NWO FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22782,CIA Operative Admits Deep State Globalist Control – The Game of Nations,"Jay Dyer 21st Century WireIn the famous treatise by Miles Copeland, Game of Nations, the devious middle eastern CIA operative spills the beans in this infamous 1969 work on covert operations and regime changes. Not only does Copeland detail the various US puppets and stooges, but also how game theory played into the predictive computer models available even in the late 60s.  The regime change models of the 50s and 60s would be studied as part of Rand Corporation and other think tank and NGO models for remodeling, not just the Middle East, but any nations that run afoul of the Western globalists. This is a partial talk   the full is available by subscription at JaysAnalysis.com. Watch:Jay Dyer is the author of the best selling title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day. Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast,  Esoteric Hollywood,  investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22783,Boiler Room EP #127 – The Oppression Commiseration (And Similar Topics),"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Andy Nowicki the Nameless One & Randy J for the hundred and twenty seventh episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing Morgan Freeman promoting the #TrumpRussia psyop, the most expensive cities in the US, Jim Carrey s odd behavior captured recently on camera, the general degeneracy of Hollywood, Evergreen State College settling $500,000 claim by professors who were told to leave campus for being white, the upcoming  Free Speech Week  at Berkeley and much more.Direct Download Episode #127Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22784,"The Secret Society That Ruined the World: Rhodes, Rothschild, Milner","IMAGE: Globalist scribe for the American branch of international order, Carol Quigley.Jay Dyer 21st Century WireIn this partial video, I continue my analysis of Quigley s later work, The Anglo American Establishment, following upon my lectures last year on the total 1300 pages of Tragedy and Hope. Here, we look deeper into the key players who make up the real Illuminati that successfully engineered the faux democracy of the modern world, run by a shadow banking-corporate empire.This is an addendum to the 8 lectures last year on the monumental Atlanticist apologetic Tragedy and Hope   based on Quigley s other telling book, The Anglo-American Establishment. The first section is free, while subscribers gain access to full talks and lectures. The goals which Rhodes and Milner sought and the methods by which they hoped to achieve them were so similar by 1902 that the two are almost indistinguishable Both sought to unite the world, and above all the English-speaking world in a federal structure around Britain. Both felt that this goal could best be achieved by a secret band of men united to one another by devotion to the common cause and by personal loyalty to one another. Both felt that this band should pursue its goal by secret political and economic influence behind the scenes and by the control of journalistic, educational, and propaganda agencies.    Quigley (Namely, the Liberal Imperium.)YouTube:Jay Dyer is the author of the best selling title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day. Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast,  Esoteric Hollywood,  investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22785,"Trump Bares Himself at UNGA, “In a Kind of Neocon Full Monte”"," President Trump speaking at the UNGA. (Photo: Screenshot)Robert Parry Consortium NewsIn discussing President Trump, there is always the soft prejudice of low expectations   people praise him for reading from a Teleprompter even if his words make little sense   but there is no getting around the reality that his maiden address to the United Nations General Assembly must rank as  one of the most embarrassing moments in America s relations with the global community.Trump offered a crude patchwork of propaganda and bluster, partly delivered as a campaign speech praising his own leadership   boasting about the relatively strong U.S. economy that he mostly inherited from President Obama   and partly reflecting his continued subservience to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.However, perhaps most importantly, Trump s speech may have extinguished any flickering hope that his presidency might achieve some valuable course corrections in how the United States deals with the world, i.e., shifting away from the disastrous war/interventionist policies of his two predecessors.Before the speech, there was at least some thinking that his visceral disdain for the neoconservatives, who mostly opposed his nomination and election, might lead him to a realization that their policies toward Iran, Iraq, Syria and elsewhere were at the core of America s repeated and costly failures in recent decades.Instead, apparently after a bracing lecture from Netanyahu on Monday, Trump bared himself in a kind of neocon Full Monte: He repeated the Israeli/neocon tripe about Iran destabilizing the Middle East when Shiite-ruled Iran actually has helped stabilize Iraq and Syria against Sunni terrorist groups and other militants supported by Saudi Arabia and   to a degree   Israel; He again denounced the Iranian nuclear agreement whose main flaw in the eyes of the Israelis and the neocons is that it disrupted their plans to bomb-bomb-bomb Iran, and he called for  regime change  in Iran, a long beloved dream of the Israelis and the neocons; He repeated the Israeli/neocon propaganda about Hezbollah as a terrorist organization when Hezbollah s real crime was driving the Israeli military out of southern Lebanon in 2000, ending an Israeli occupation that began with Israel s 1982 invasion; He praised his rush-to-judgment decision to bomb Syria last April, in line with Israeli/neocon propaganda against President Bashar al-Assad and partly out of a desire to please the same Washington establishment that is still scheming how to impeach him; He spoke with the crass hypocrisy that the neocons and many Israeli leaders have perfected, particularly his demand that  all nations   respect   the rights of every other sovereign nation    when he made clear that he, like his White House predecessors, is ready to violate the sovereignty of other nations that get in Official Washington s way.A Litany of WarsJust this century, the United States has invaded multiple nations without U.N. authorization, based on various  coalitions of the willing  and other subterfuges for wars of aggression, which the Nuremberg Tribunals deemed the  supreme international crime  and which the U.N. was specifically created to prevent.Not only did President George W. Bush invade both Afghanistan and Iraq   while also sponsoring  anti-terror  operations in many other countries   but President Barack Obama acknowledged ordering military attacks in seven countries, including against the will of sovereign states, such as Libya and Syria. Obama also supported a violent coup against the elected government of Ukraine.For his part, Trump already has shown disdain for international law by authorizing military strikes inside Yemen and Syria. In other words, if not for the fear of provoking American anger, many of the world s diplomats might have responded with a barrage of catcalls toward Trump for his blatant hypocrisy. Without doubt, the United States is the preeminent violator of sovereignty and international law in the world today, yet Trump wagged his finger at others, including Russia (over Ukraine) and China (over the South China Sea).He declared:  We must reject threats to sovereignty, from the Ukraine to the South China Sea. We must uphold respect for law, respect for borders, and respect for culture, and the peaceful engagement these allow. Then, with a seeming blindness to how much of the world sees the United States as a law onto itself, Trump added:  The scourge of our planet today is a small group of rogue regimes that violate every principle on which the United Nations is based. Of course, in the U.S. mainstream media s commentary that followed, Trump s hypocrisy went undetected. That s because across the American political/media establishment, the U.S. right to act violently around the world is simply accepted as the way things are supposed to be. International law is for the other guy; not for the  indispensible nation,  not for the  sole remaining superpower. On Bibi s LeashDespite some of his  America First  rhetoric   tossed in as red meat to his  base    Trump revealed a global outlook that differed from the Bush-Obama neoconservative/liberal-interventionist approach in words only. In substance, Trump appears to be just the latest American poodle on Bibi Netanyahu s leash.For instance, Trump bragged about attacking Syria over a dubious chemical-weapons claim while ignoring the role of the Saudi/Israeli tandem in assisting Al Qaeda and its Syrian affiliate; Trump threatened the international nuclear agreement with Iran while calling for regime change in Tehran, two of Netanyahu s top priorities; and Trump warned that he would  totally destroy North Korea  over its nuclear and missile programs while making no mention of Israel s rogue nuclear arsenal and sophisticated delivery capabilities.Ignoring Saudi Arabia s ties to terrorism, Trump touted his ludicrous summit in Riyadh in which he danced with swords and let King Salman and other corrupt Persian Gulf monarchs, who have long winked and nodded at ideological and logistical support going to Al Qaeda and other Islamic terror groups, pretend their governments were joining an anti-terror coalition.Exploding the myth that he is at least a street-smart operator who can t be easily conned, Trump added,  In Saudi Arabia early last year, I was greatly honored to address the leaders of more than 50 Arab and Muslim nations. We agreed that all responsible nations must work together to confront terrorists and the Islamist extremism that inspires them. No wonder Netanyahu seemed so pleased with Trump s speech. The Israeli prime minister could have written it himself while allowing Trump to add a few crude flourishes, like calling North Korean leader Kim Jong Un  Rocket Man   on a suicide mission ; referring to  the loser terrorists ; and declaring that many parts of the world are  going to hell. Trump also tossed in a plug for his  new strategy for victory  in Afghanistan and threw in some interventionist talk regarding the Western Hemisphere with more threats to Cuba and Venezuela about escalating sanctions and other activities to achieve more  regime change  solutions.So, what Trump made clear in his U.N. address is that his  America First  and  pro-sovereignty  rhetoric is simply cover for a set of policies that are indistinguishable from those pushed by the neocons of the Bush administration or the liberal interventionists of the Obama administration. The rationalizations may change but the endless wars and  regime change  machinations continue. Watch Trump s full speech here: *** READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22786,American McCarthyism: Neocon Warhawks’ Plan to Kill Antiwar Dissent in Media,"21st Century Wire says After 12 months of perpetrating one of the greatest political hoaxes in history   blaming Russia for the Presidential victory of Donald Trump   the Washington establishment is now wanting to take the lie to the next level by sanctioning not only Russian international media outlets, but any media outlet (see one of their guide lists here) who dare to violate the mainstream party line on the US war agenda by broadcasting to an America audience  forcing them the register as  foreign agents  under the FARA Act of 1934. CrossTalk says:  The television station you are watching now and the Russian news agency Sputnik may find themselves in legal jeopardy in the United States. The drive to designate both as foreign agents under the  Foreign Agents Registration Act  is disturbing and dangerous. It would seem those in power decide who can freely speak. Host Peter Lavelle is CrossTalking with guests Scott Rickard, Neil Clark, and Alexander Nekrassov.Watch this incredible discussion on how Washington is degenerating into a paranoid NeoMcCarthyist den of political scape-goatists   whose chief aim is to shut down any dissenting voices against America s policy of endless war around the globe:. READ MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russiagate FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22787,Ron Paul Liberty Report: US-Saudi Arms Trafficking to Terrorists in Syria,"Back in July, 21WIRE detailed the investigative work of Bulgarian journalist Dilyana Gaytandzhieva, and her report which exposed a US and Saudi Arabia-sponsored international weapons trafficking operation   where arms purchased through third parties and ferried on diplomatic flights using Azerbaijan state-run airlines, Silkway Airlines. The illegal program was launched under President Barack Obama in 2012 and continues to this day under Donald Trump. Despite bountiful evidence, the western mainstream media has simply ignored and steered away from this story. Liberty Report asks:  Why is the Pentagon spending billions of dollars purchasing Soviet and east European weapons to ship to Syrian rebels? A blockbuster Bulgarian investigative report exposes the lies and illegality of the purchases and shipments; several mainstream investigations corroborate the Bulgarian report. Investigative Reporter Dilyana Gaytandzhieva joins Daniel McAdams host of the Liberty Report to explain her incredible findings. Watch:. Read Dilyana Gaytandzhieva s extensive report here: https://trud.bg/350-diplomatic-flights-carry-weapons-for-terrorists/READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22788,What a Wonderful World – US Saviour Complex,"Bruno Guigue 21st Century WirePurveyor of platitudes, the West portrays itself as the epitome of universal values . A paragon of democracy, this champion of human rights always deploys its presumed virtues in support of its hegemonic ambitions. Like the Fairy Godmother, doing her best to match her morals with her interests, she veils her ambitions with the cloak of Law and Justice. Thus, the  Free World  goes about bombing foreign nations for the sake of  democracy , preferably in oil or mineral-rich territories. By combining a simple creed with capitalist greed, it is acting as if it can convert its economic supremacy into moral privilege.The rest of the world is not fooled by these tactics, but who cares? The  Free World  is always right because it represents the  good fight  and for as long as it is the most powerful, it will not be contradicted. The inherent barbarism that it projects onto others is the counter to its self-proclaimed monopoly on  civilization .Sanctified by the holy order of  right to intervene , a marriage of the GI sandbags with the Kouchner-style bag of rice, the West, vassalized by Washington, believes wholeheartedly that they can save the world by subjugating it to the pitiless ravages demanded by the financial vultures and military industrial complex.This supremacist enterprise was not born yesterday. It was midwived in the historical period dear to Fernand Braudel, that of the emergence of the  world economy. Driven by its superior technological advances, since the Renaissance, the western world has propelled itself towards the conquest of our planet earth. Patiently, the west has appropriated other cultures, other worlds, and twisted them into its own image, enforcing obeissance and imitation, eliminating all those who would not conform. Its certitude is untroubled by its own hypocrisy, the West perceives itself as a metaphor for this world. The West wanted to expand from being a part of the world into being the  whole.  In the same way today, we see countries comprising 10% of the world s population portraying themselves as the  International Community. Over the last three centuries, colonial conquest has demonstrated the West s desire to expand its influence beyond its own boundaries, under the banner of bringing  civilization  to the under-developed. This global domination project was temporarily derailed by the uprising of the colonized peoples in the 20th Century, but it made a triumphant return with its North American branch of hegemony.America, the  Far West   discovered  by Christopher Columbus in search of the  Far East , inherited the  Old Continent  penchant for imperialism and rapacious carpet-baggery. The US converted its lack of history into the promise of a   better future , emerging suddenly from Anglo-Saxon puritanism, the US magnified the globalist  for profit  ethos. Paid for with the blood of the American-Indian genocide, America was born, the newly minted metaphor for the world.It is not certain that this change was for the better. Colonial empires collapsed under the weight of their archaic structures, while US hegemony maintains itself through modern technology channels, from Google to drone warfare. Suddenly the US was the most supple and resilient. What imbues it with flexibility also ensures its longevity. From the white pith helmet of the european colonial overlords to the digital screens of US cyber warfare, a revolution took place. The US substituted a shock-colonization, dismantled after bloody decolonization conflict, with a multi-faceted hegemonic enterprise. Taking over from the classic colonial three  M s, the  made in the US  NGOs replaced the Christian missionary complex,  merchants  became multi-nationals and the  soldiers  converted to cyber supremacy.Emboldened by the die-hard spirit of  born again  Midwesterners, the American empire is projecting its devastating Manichaeism upon the rest of the world. Dreaming with its eyes wide open, the US envisages a definitive alliance between good and evil, the indestructible pillar upon which to build a straightforward ethnocentrism. The  law  is on their side as it  embodies the core values of  democracy, human rights and market economy .  Obviously, this is a crude ideology, a fraudulent mask for its own sordid interests, but it is effective. Its efficacy is proven by the popular consensus that the  US won the second world war, capitalism works, Cuba is a tropical gulag, Assad is worse than Hitler and that North Korea is a threat to the world. This process of self-beatification, bestows upon the North-American-Empire zealots, the right to track down all  Evil  in the world. No scruples will impede its saviour frenzy, it is the very incarnation of such an  exceptional civilization , that it must cleanse the world of barbarism by all means at its disposal. That is why modern imperialism functions as a court of  universal  law, a judge, that rewards or punishes where it sees fit. Before this elevated  moral  jurisdiction, the CIA represents the prosecution, the Pentagon is the secular chamber, the US President is the high court judge, a  deus ex machina , invoking divine justice, the lightning strike, upon the  Axis of Evil  and any other sinners circulating in the court of the  Empire of Good .This tendency for the US to see itself as the moral compass for the world is central to this structure and is unperturbed by the rapid turn-around of Presidents in the White House, a new tenant changes nothing. Washington s  crusade  against the  barbarians  conceals the unbridled greed of the Military Industrial Complex and the iron claw of the deep state. From Harry Truman to Donald Trump with Barack Obama inbetween, from Korea to Vietnam to Syria, Indonesia, Angola, Mozambique, El Salvador, Nicaragua, Chile, South Africa, Serbia, Afghanistan, Sudan, Somalia, Iraq, Libya, death is the cure, by proxy or directly, for all those who oppose the saviour s kingdom of universal justice. Philanthropic America  always harnesses the local labour force to carry out its dirty work.  Franco, Hitler and Mussolini (until 1939), Chiang Kai Shek, Somoza, Syngman Rhee, Ngo Dinh Diem, Salazar, Batista, Mobutu, Marcos, Trujillo, Pik Botha, Duvalier, Suharto, Papadopoulos, Castelo Branco, Videla, Pinochet, Stroessner, Reza Shah Pahlevi, Zia Ul Haqq, Bin Laden, Uribe, King Salman, Nethanyahu, Ukrainian Nazis and the  moderate terrorists  in the Middle East have been of invaluable service to Empire.Undisputed leader of the  Free World,  America claims to embody  civilization  while obliterating entire populations with nuclear weapons, napalm or a rain of cruise missiles. Sometimes it chooses a slow death for its prey, with Agent Orange, depleted uranium, or with punitive embargoes on medicines and humanitarian aid.While America is never short of sychophants praising their  services to Humanity , the evidence is irrefutable, that the collapse of this Empire would be a cause for celebration.Translation by Vanessa Beeley for 21st Century Wire*** Bruno Guigue is a French author and political analyst born in Toulouse 1962. Professor of philosophy and lecturer in international relations for highter education. The author of 5 books including  Aux origines du conflit Isra lo-Arabe, l invisible remords de l Occident (L Harmattan, 2002).SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22789,Henningsen on CrossTalk Debating ‘Trump & His Generals’,"Has President Trump handed over US foreign policy to an elite clique of military generals?RT says:  Candidate Donald Trump ran on a campaign that not only questioned many foreign policy orthodoxies, but also lashed out against the neoconservative view of the world. Today the president is surrounded by men in uniform. Some are calling this a soft coup. CrossTalking with host Peter Lavelle are panel guests Michael O Hanlon (Brookings Institute), Thomas Palley (New America Foundation), and 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen.. READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22790,Boiler Room EP #126 – Immigration Consternation,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Funk$oul & Infidel Pharaoh (ACR Contributors,) for the hundred and twenty sixth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing the consternation associated with immigration, DACA, Trump making deals with D.C. Swamp-critters like Schumer and Pelosi, technology,  not-so-free markets,  9-11, Hesher s chat with Psonick and the Type 1 Radio crew along with Dr. Judy Wood and Andrew Johnson and much more.Direct Download Episode #126 (Link Available Shortly After Live Recording)Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22791,"Boiler Room EP #125 – Live From the Swamp Train with FunkSoul, Randy J, Patrick Henningsen","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Funk$oul and Randy J (ACR & 21WIRE Contributors), and Patrick Henningsen (21WIRE) for the 125th episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing Hurricane Irma, weather modification, the off the charts levels of so called political correctness in Washington DC as reported live by Sunday Wire s Patrick Henningsen, establishment are still actively pushing lies about the war in Syria, the good/bad/ugly business of  disaster relief charities,  reactionaries still blaming Hurricane Harvey on climate change, the repeal of DACA and the challenges for the left and the right to have any sort of beneficial dialog about immigration realities, platforms and policies in the environment of media driven, knee jerk, emotionally charged politicization of the topic.Direct Download Episode #125Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22792,Jimmy Carter: ‘Koreans Want Peace Treaty to Replace 1953 Ceasefire’,"21st Century Wire says Reframing the current diplomatic crisis in North Korea is essential if genuine progress is to be made in diffusing the current tense situation.Former US President Jimmy Carter is suggesting just that. But will the hawks in Washington listen?. The Carter CenterThe harsh rhetoric from Washington and Pyongyang during recent months has exacerbated an already confrontational relationship between our countries, and has probably eliminated any chance of good faith peace talks between the United States and North Korea. In addition to restraining the warlike rhetoric, our leaders need to encourage talks between North Korea and other countries, especially China and Russia. The recent UN Security Council unanimous vote for new sanctions suggests that these countries could help.  In all cases, a nuclear exchange must be avoided. All parties must assure North Koreans they we will forego any military action against them if North Korea remains peaceful.President Jimmy CarterI have visited North Korea three times, and have spent more than 20 hours in discussions with their political leaders regarding important issues that affect U.S.-DPRK relations.In June 1994, I met with Kim Il Sung in a time of crisis, when he agreed to put all their nuclear programs under strict supervision of the International Atomic Energy Agency and to seek mutual agreement with the United States on a permanent peace treaty, to have summit talks with the president of South Korea, to expedite the recovery of the remains of American service personnel buried in his country, and to take other steps to ease tension on the peninsula. Kim Il Sung died shortly after my visit, and his successor, Kim Jong Il, notified me and leaders in Washington that he would honor the promises made by his father. These obligations were later confirmed officially in negotiations in Geneva by Robert Gallucci and other representatives of the Clinton administration.I returned to Pyongyang in August 2010, at the invitation of North Korean leaders, to bring home Aijalon Gomes, an American who had been detained there. My last visit to North Korea was in May 2011 when I led a delegation of Elders (former presidents of Ireland and Finland and former prime minister of Norway) to assure the delivery of donated food directly to needy people.During all these visits, the North Koreans emphasized that they wanted peaceful relations with the United States and their neighbors, but were convinced that we planned a preemptive military strike against their country. They wanted a peace treaty (especially with America) to replace the ceasefire agreement that had existed since the end of the Korean War in 1953, and to end the economic sanctions that had been very damaging to them during that long interim period. They have made it clear to me and others that their first priority is to assure that their military capability is capable of destroying a large part of Seoul and of responding strongly in other ways to any American attack. The influence of China in Pyongyang seems to be greatly reduced since Kim Jong Un became the North Korean leader in December 2011.A commitment to peace by the United States and North Korea is crucial.When this confrontational crisis is ended, the United States should be prepared to consummate a permanent treaty to replace the ceasefire of 1953. The United States should make this clear, to North Koreans and to our allies.READ MORE NORTH KOREA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire North Korea FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22793,"Message for Progressive Left: ‘If You Want to See Real Nazis, Come to Ukraine’","Ever since last month, the US media and the left wing politicians have been up in arm about alleged  rise of Nazism in America.  By now, the coverage has been incessant and beyond hysterical, as pundits and  antifascist  activists claim that a viable white supremacist movement is threatening to take over the country   which is a media-driven alternative reality. What America s mainstream media establishment will not mention is the US government s own role, particularly that of the Obama Administration and Hillary Clinton s State Department (and funded by her campaign financier George Soros) in helping to fuel the scourge of Nazism in eastern Europe, in the Ukraine. Likewise, Republicans and so-called  conservatives  will not want to mention party luminary Senator John McCain s own personal role in promoting Ukraine s Far Right parties and helping shoe-horn them into power in 2014 after a successful US-backed coup d etat and putsch, and the disastrous junta which has followed.The following open letter was posted by Aleksandr Gontar from Donetsk in eastern Ukraine, skillfully articulates the current farce in the United States and the feigned righteous indignation from the progressive left over the recent staged political altercation in Charlottesville, Virginia I always considered myself as a person with left-wing views, but looking at what is happening in the US I can t escape the thought that the American left, in its majority, is the dumbest and most useless  comrade  on the planet. As a minimum, to profess liberal views and at the same time to call oneself  leftist  is a bit silly.The desperate fight of American comrades against  Nazis  in general is comical. They are shocked by a torchlight procession in Charlottesville, while regular torch processions in the capital of Ukraine, which they so fervently support in its  fight for democracy , don t shock them. I speak as well about simple red-blue rainbow plankton, as well as about the famous  fighters  against oppression a la Tom Morello (whom I respect as a musician) and other celebrities, cosplaying Che Guevara with a red star on the cap.  A nightmare, Nazis are in America! They hoisted the colors of the confederates and shaved their heads! OH MY GOD . American  Nazis  are the same clowns as American  anti- fascists , by the way.Kids, come into The Ukraine, we will show you Nazis. Real ones. Who kill people  kill massively, proceeding from the racial theory. They kill in savage ways like the SS did in the 40 s. We will show you a whole State that erects monuments to the ideologists and performers of the Holocaust, of Jewish riots, of the genocide of Poles. Who sweep away monuments to the liberators of mankind from Nazism. A State with a Nazi  Ministry of Truth,  repressions against dissent, promotion of racial hatred in schools, on TV, in children s books. A State in which the Ministry of Internal Affairs supervises a website that incites the committing of murder of unreliable citizens, openly publishing all their personal information as well as members of their families.So, when you will have such things in America, we will talk. When you have, instead of a car crashing into a crowd of anti-fascists, these anti-fascists like cattle are herded into the local House of Trade Unions and will be burned with Molotov cocktails (finishing off with steel poles those who try to escape), when the FBI creates a website on which it will publish the addresses of those who criticize Trump and the White Race, and the organized alt-right will start to go to these addresses, who, after your murder, will be called  patriots  and will be released, so then we will believe in your whining about Nazis.And for now, suck on it, Mr American anti-fascists.This letter was originally published at Stalker Zone, translated by Ollie Richardson and Angelina Siard.READ MORE ALT RIGHT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ALT RIGHT FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22794,Trump Springs the Neocon Trap  Again: North Korea’s ‘Test’ is No Act of War,"Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireHere we go again. There seems to be no end to the escalation of tensions between North Korea and the United States and its allies.Yesterday, Pyongyang s state broadcaster came out declaring what it claims is another  successful test , this time with a hydrogen bomb, which they say could be mounted on to their still as yet nonexistent intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM).Seizing the moment, state news anchor Ri Chun Hee proudly announced that the test was a  perfect success,  and symbolises the country s final step on the long road to attaining a  state nuclear force.  All very exciting.Still, there has been no independent verification of the claim, but why let that get in the way of a promising international security crisis? Kim Jung Un: Looking at shiny objects, pointing, generally looking busy.  North Korea s alleged  test  is said to have happened just hours after Pyongyang state-run media released images of leader Kim Jong Un  inspecting  (looking, pointing) something which looks like it could be a hydrogen bomb, but no one is really sure.We re also told that this was  ready to be placed on top of an ICBM,  however no one has actually seen a real operational ICBM yet. That s kind of an important detail in this grand plot, but one which is routinely overlooked by legions of western mainstream  experts  on CNN and NBC. So far, the DPRK only has a series of botched tests of their short-range Hwasong-12 rockets (glorified Scud missiles) to show the world. Still, the western media insist that this constitutes a potential threat to the US.So confident was this mainstream media outlet, that they ve seemed to have hedged their bets on the authenticity of the DPRK state claims, leaving the offending  H Bomb  in quotes SEE ALSO: North Korea and The Unintended Consequences of TrumpThis wouldn t be the first time North Korea exaggerated its WMD credentials. Last January they exaggerated claims of a successful  H-bomb  test. Despite their dodgy record, the western media, and politicians who are fed by defense contracts   are lapping up Pyongyang s latest pig s breakfast.Whatever this latest test was, it s hardly an act of war. Meanwhile, South Korea wasted no time retaliating by showing off its new toys purchased out of its US dollar reserve account, launching multiple missiles for the cameras. Seoul insists that it s ready to activate four Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile batteries. It also carried out a major joint drill (likely pre-planned anyway) with F-15K fighter jets and surface-to-surface ballistic missiles. This posturing by South Korea has excited the western media to no end. Everyone is loving it, because nothing brings eye balls and ratings like a good crisis.Guardian reporter Justin McCurry confirms: South Korea has carried out a simulated attack on North Korea s nuclear test site in a huge show of force in response to Pyongyang s detonation of what it claims is a hydrogen bomb.Seoul has also approved the complete deployment of a US anti-missile system in another sign that it intends to address North Korean provocations with reminders of its own military firepower, while keeping the door open to dialogue. You can be certain that CNN absolutely loves this latest  crisis  too, wailing this morning: South Korea strengthened the deployment of a controversial US-made missile defense system and launched a huge show of military might on Monday in response to North Korea s hydrogen bomb test. Naturally, not a word of condemnation from the western media about South Korea s real provocations   broadcast in colour around the world.How Serious is the Threat?At the time of publishing this piece, members of the UN Security Council are already convening emergency sessions about what to do next. In the final analysis, there will have to be some clear and present threat in order to justify some harsh response from the UNSC.Can such a rational evaluation be made with so much theatre on both sides?Washington s UN Ambassador Nikki Haley gave a predictable hawkish speech claiming that,  He is begging for war.  Of course Haley is all too eager to oblige.Once again, western media outlets are treating claims by North Korea s state-run KCNA media agency as  good as gold  (ratings gold, that is).For the US, this latest move by North Korea has been PR gold. It s helped to revive and reenergize the dying conversation of a nuclear standoff between  The Good Guys  and  The Bad Guys. And to deal with those bad guys, you need tough guys.Enter US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, who swiftly moved in with  tough new sanctions  against the DPRK, warning that  this isn t the time for just talk.  A novel approach.Eager to win back some approval points and stop the political hemorrhaging that seems to be draining all of the mojo Trump had when he whipped-up the campaign trail crowds promising to  drain the swamp,  the President took to Twitter, to do what he thinks his base wants, which is to be Kim s  bad cop .Kim and The Donald, two iconic frontmen, both being played like a marionette by  the generals  off camera.Cue Trump North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test. Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States,  wrote Trump.Tough. North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China, which is trying to help but with little success. South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing! Tougher.Trump also tries to slam the door shut on any chance of bilateral negotiations:South Korea is finding, as I have told them, that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work, they only understand one thing!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2017Toughest.Of course, Trump s comments appear to be winding up Pyongyang. A vicious circle of fighting talk. Are there any adults left in the room?Not to be outdone, here comes a  good cop.  Enter US Defense Secretary James  Mad Dog  Mattis, who is still earning his nickname meant to resemble an unstable, rabid house pet. After his meeting with President Trump and Vice President Mike Pence on Sunday, the Mad Dog, wearing a purple tie (the same colour as Hillary s revolution), read his military decree on the White House lawn: We have many military options, and the president wanted to be briefed on each one of them. We made clear that we have the ability to defend ourselves and our allies, South Korea and Japan, from any attack, and our commitments among the allies are ironclad,  said Mattis.What a relief, he sounds moderate compared to Trump. But wait Before exiting the podium, he said:  We are not looking to the total annihilation of a country, namely North Korea, but as I said, we have many options to do so. This is a unique breed of lunatic.Talking tough, and talking of  options  for  annihilating  a country. Normal people would say this is an idiotic proposition because the fall-out would be much worse than any of Kim apocalyptic sabre rattling. All this looks very familiar. Quite simply, what we are seeing here in Washington is Neoconservativism reasserting itself through one of its flagship planks   the preemptive strike. Above all other military strategies, this is always the most favorable for the Pentagon because it doesn t require any real justification or accountability for a preemptive action. All that s required is a sufficient amount of media fear-mongering and political hype about  the threat we all face  and how  we must act    and then simply fire away and sift through the rubble, reforming the narrative afterwards. In the meantime, the ruling parties can call it a success, and claim that  many lives were saved by this valiant action  etc. It s clean and straightforward, albeit in the short term, but extremely messy in the long term.As much as hawks in Washington would love to test out their new toys right now, a conflagration is not likely to happen by the hand of the US in the Pacific Rim. There are too many powerful players in the immediate vicinity (South Korea, Japan, China, Taiwan, Philippines  and Russia, too) and the fall-out from any rash US-led geopolitical pissing contest,  surgical  or kinetic action could be detrimental to all parties. Better to get someone else to start it for them, but that s not easy either.There was a time when people had high hopes for Mattis. He was affectionately referred to as the  warrior monk,  with many FOX News pundits drooling over his apparent Sun Tzu prowess, as was rumoured that he has actually read some historical books and was  really smart  and  really wise    apparently a rarity in Washington military circles these days. But no matter how many books people think he s read about the Peloponnesian Wars, it s should be pretty clear by now that Mattis, like his predecessor Ash Carter, is acting as kind of an executive sales rep for the military industrial complex. That s essentially what the position of Defense Secretary has become in America. It s a straightforward deal: you ll keep your job, as long as you do and say what s required to keep international tensions high at all times. This translates into profits, and shareholder dividends for industry stakeholders. If you re not with the program, then you ll have to tender your resignation. Just ask Chuck Hagel.What Americans should really understand is that  the generals  with whom Trump is so enamored, and who he trusts with all our bombs and silos   have left nothing but a string of military failures in their wake. Between Generals James Mattis and Major General H.R. McMaster, you have a collective 30 plus years and two of the worst military and foreign policy boondoggles in US history, Afghanistan and Iraq, underscored by successive failed  surges.  Add to these, a total defeat in Syria, blowing billions of US taxpayer dollars on a proxy war that s arguably created a new generation of Islamist extremists (although no one will admit it). Impressive, isn t it? So why do the media continue to elevate the military brass? Not every General is a good general. As with any other position or profession, some are good, and some are corrupt, and many are incompetent, or promoted for playing ball. General David Petraeus  is a good example of this. The media can t get enough of him. He was  the architect of the surge  we re told, which means he was around when Obama-Bush ordered up another 30,000 troops for Iraq in a futile effort to fix what they broke. Still, the media will bend over backwards in an almost worshipful mode whenever his name is mentioned, forgetting that Petraeus was found guilty of the same crime for which half of America wanted Hillary Clinton locked-up. Despite bringing his name and his office into disrepute, Petraeus  was rewarded board positions with mega Wall Street firms like KKR, and a perennial seat at Bilderberg.Men like Mattis, McMaster and Petraeus can, and will run rings around this President who has already signaled his weakness for those chevrons on the shoulder. And,this President will happily defer everything to these men. Should we be surprised if they keep getting it wrong?Let s just pray that they don t get it wrong with North Korea, too.*** Patrick Henningsen is an American-born writer and global affairs analyst and founder of independent news and analysis site 21st Century Wire and host of the SUNDAY WIRE weekly radio show broadcast globally over the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR).READ MORE NORTH KOREA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire North Korea FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22795,SUNDAY SCREENING: The Deep State: Hiding in Plain Sight (2014),"Our weekly documentary screening curated by the editorial team at 21WIRE.Editor s Note: Although this is not an actual documentary film, this powerful interview segment is a must-see in order to grasp the concept of the Deep State in America, and further into the international arena. In this seminal interview segment, author Mike Lofgren, a congressional staff member for 28 years, talks to veteran broadcaster Bill Moyers about Washington s shadow government now commonly referred to as the  Deep State,  where elected and unelected figures collude to protect and serve powerful vested interests.  It is how we had deregulation, financialization of the economy, the Wall Street bust, the erosion or our civil liberties and perpetual war,  says Lofgren. Watch:Run time: 26 min Host: Bill Moyers Program: Moyers & Company Production: Public Affairs Television (2014)Also read Mike Lofgren s powerful essay, The Anatomy of the Deep State SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22796,What is The Deep State?,"One of the ancillary benefits of Donald Trump s insurgence into the US political scene has been a forceful injection of realism into the national political discourse. One of those points of discussion is centered around the concept of a  state within a state,  commonly referred to as the Deep State. It s suddenly become an acceptable mainstream idea, but prior to the 2016 election cycle, that conversation was strictly a fringe affair, mostly relegated to the realms of  conspiracy  forums and alternative media. but now it s written and spoken about as a mainstream talking point. One of the most coherent articulations of this idea originated from a former US Congressional staffer turned best-selling author, Mike Lofgren. In his book, The Deep State, he outlines the shape and structure of this seemingly invisible  state within a state,  but unlike the establishment media s innocuous commentary, Lofgren also delivers a incisive moral verdict on this power transition and explains how it s not only eviscerating the fabric of democracy and the foundations of the Constitutional Republic, but more importantly how it s destroying society.More than ever, it s important to understand just how we arrived at this crucial point in history and more importantly   what can be done to derail this silent coup in the United States, and internationally too.The following essay was written by Lofgren in 2014, and still stands firm as a critical deconstruction of the current shadow state set-up in America . Rome lived upon its principal till ruin stared it in the face. Industry is the only true source of wealth, and there was no industry in Rome. By day the Ostia road was crowded with carts and muleteers, carrying to the great city the silks and spices of the East, the marble of Asia Minor, the timber of the Atlas, the grain of Africa and Egypt; and the carts brought out nothing but loads of dung. That was their return cargo.  The Martyrdom of Man, by Winwood Reade (1871) . By Mike LofgrenThere is the visible government situated around the Mall in Washington, and then there is another, more shadowy, more indefinable government that is not explained in Civics 101 or observable to tourists at the White House or the Capitol. The former is traditional Washington partisan politics: the tip of the iceberg that a public watching C-SPAN sees daily and which is theoretically controllable via elections. The subsurface part of the iceberg I shall call the Deep State, which operates according to its own compass heading regardless of who is formally in power. [1]During the last five years, the news media have been flooded with pundits decrying the broken politics of Washington. The conventional wisdom has it that partisan gridlock and dysfunction have become the new normal. That is certainly the case, and I have been among the harshest critics of this development. But it is also imperative to acknowledge the limits of this critique as it applies to the American governmental system. On one level, the critique is self-evident: In the domain that the public can see, Congress is hopelessly deadlocked in the worst manner since the 1850s, the violently rancorous decade preceding the Civil War.Yes, there is another government concealed behind the one that is visible at either end of Pennsylvania Avenue, a hybrid entity of public and private institutions ruling the country As I wrote in The Party is Over, the present objective of congressional Republicans is to render the executive branch powerless, at least until a Republican president is elected (a goal that voter suppression laws in GOP-controlled states are clearly intended to accomplish). President Obama cannot enact his domestic policies and budgets: Because of incessant GOP filibustering, not only could he not fill the large number of vacancies in the federal judiciary, he could not even get his most innocuous presidential appointees into office. Democrats controlling the Senate have responded by weakening the filibuster of nominations, but Republicans are sure to react with other parliamentary delaying tactics. This strategy amounts to congressional nullification of executive branch powers by a party that controls a majority in only one house of Congress. Despite this apparent impotence, President Obama can liquidate American citizens without due processes, detain prisoners indefinitely without charge, conduct dragnet surveillance on the American people without judicial warrant and engage in unprecedented   at least since the McCarthy era   witch hunts against federal employees (the so-called  Insider Threat Program ). Within the United States, this power is characterized by massive displays of intimidating force by militarized federal, state and local law enforcement. Abroad, President Obama can start wars at will and engage in virtually any other activity whatsoever without so much as a by-your-leave from Congress, such as arranging the forced landing of a plane carrying a sovereign head of state over foreign territory. Despite the habitual cant of congressional Republicans about executive overreach by Obama, the would-be dictator, we have until recently heard very little from them about these actions   with the minor exception of comments from gadfly Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky. Democrats, save a few mavericks such as Ron Wyden of Oregon, are not unduly troubled, either   even to the extent of permitting seemingly perjured congressional testimony under oath by executive branch officials on the subject of illegal surveillance.These are not isolated instances of a contradiction; they have been so pervasive that they tend to be disregarded as background noise. During the time in 2011 when political warfare over the debt ceiling was beginning to paralyze the business of governance in Washington, the United States government somehow summoned the resources to overthrow Muammar Ghaddafi s regime in Libya, and, when the instability created by that coup spilled over into Mali, provide overt and covert assistance to French intervention there. At a time when there was heated debate about continuing meat inspections and civilian air traffic control because of the budget crisis, our government was somehow able to commit $115 million to keeping a civil war going in Syria and to pay at least  100m to the United Kingdom s Government Communications Headquarters to buy influence over and access to that country s intelligence. Since 2007, two bridges carrying interstate highways have collapsed due to inadequate maintenance of infrastructure, one killing 13 people. During that same period of time, the government spent $1.7 billion constructing a building in Utah that is the size of 17 football fields. This mammoth structure is intended to allow the National Security Agency to store a yottabyte of information, the largest numerical designator computer scientists have coined. A yottabyte is equal to 500 quintillion pages of text. They need that much storage to archive every single trace of your electronic life.Yes, there is another government concealed behind the one that is visible at either end of Pennsylvania Avenue, a hybrid entity of public and private institutions ruling the country according to consistent patterns in season and out, connected to, but only intermittently controlled by, the visible state whose leaders we choose. My analysis of this phenomenon is not an expos  of a secret, conspiratorial cabal; the state within a state is hiding mostly in plain sight, and its operators mainly act in the light of day. Nor can this other government be accurately termed an  establishment.  All complex societies have an establishment, a social network committed to its own enrichment and perpetuation. In terms of its scope, financial resources and sheer global reach, the American hybrid state, the Deep State, is in a class by itself. That said, it is neither omniscient nor invincible. The institution is not so much sinister (although it has highly sinister aspects) as it is relentlessly well entrenched. Far from being invincible, its failures, such as those in Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya, are routine enough that it is only the Deep State s protectiveness towards its higher-ranking personnel that allows them to escape the consequences of their frequent ineptitude. [2]How did I come to write an analysis of the Deep State, and why am I equipped to write it? As a congressional staff member for 28 years specializing in national security and possessing a top secret security clearance, I was at least on the fringes of the world I am describing, if neither totally in it by virtue of full membership nor of it by psychological disposition. But, like virtually every employed person, I became, to some extent, assimilated into the culture of the institution I worked for, and only by slow degrees, starting before the invasion of Iraq, did I begin fundamentally to question the reasons of state that motivate the people who are, to quote George W. Bush,  the deciders. Cultural assimilation is partly a matter of what psychologist Irving L. Janis called  groupthink,  the chameleon-like ability of people to adopt the views of their superiors and peers. This syndrome is endemic to Washington: The town is characterized by sudden fads, be it negotiating biennial budgeting, making grand bargains or invading countries. Then, after a while, all the town s cool kids drop those ideas as if they were radioactive. As in the military, everybody has to get on board with the mission, and questioning it is not a career-enhancing move. The universe of people who will critically examine the goings-on at the institutions they work for is always going to be a small one. As Upton Sinclair said,  It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends upon his not understanding it. A more elusive aspect of cultural assimilation is the sheer dead weight of the ordinariness of it all once you have planted yourself in your office chair for the 10,000th time. Government life is typically not some vignette from an Allen Drury novel about intrigue under the Capitol dome. Sitting and staring at the clock on the off-white office wall when it s 11:00 in the evening and you are vowing never, ever to eat another piece of takeout pizza in your life is not an experience that summons the higher literary instincts of a would-be memoirist. After a while, a functionary of the state begins to hear things that, in another context, would be quite remarkable, or at least noteworthy, and yet that simply bounce off one s consciousness like pebbles off steel plate:  You mean the number of terrorist groups we are fighting is classified?  No wonder so few people are whistle-blowers, quite apart from the vicious retaliation whistle-blowing often provokes: Unless one is blessed with imagination and a fine sense of irony, growing immune to the curiousness of one s surroundings is easy. To paraphrase the inimitable Donald Rumsfeld, I didn t know all that I knew, at least until I had had a couple of years away from the government to reflect upon it.The Deep State does not consist of the entire government. It is a hybrid of national security and law enforcement agencies: the Department of Defense, the Department of State, the Department of Homeland Security, the Central Intelligence Agency and the Justice Department. I also include the Department of the Treasury because of its jurisdiction over financial flows, its enforcement of international sanctions and its organic symbiosis with Wall Street. All these agencies are coordinated by the Executive Office of the President via the National Security Council. Certain key areas of the judiciary belong to the Deep State, such as the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, whose actions are mysterious even to most members of Congress. Also included are a handful of vital federal trial courts, such as the Eastern District of Virginia and the Southern District of Manhattan, where sensitive proceedings in national security cases are conducted. The final government component (and possibly last in precedence among the formal branches of government established by the Constitution) is a kind of rump Congress consisting of the congressional leadership and some (but not all) of the members of the defense and intelligence committees. The rest of Congress, normally so fractious and partisan, is mostly only intermittently aware of the Deep State and when required usually submits to a few well-chosen words from the State s emissaries.I saw this submissiveness on many occasions. One memorable incident was passage of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Amendments Act of 2008. This legislation retroactively legalized the Bush administration s illegal and unconstitutional surveillance first revealed by The New York Times in 2005 and indemnified the telecommunications companies for their cooperation in these acts. The bill passed easily: All that was required was the invocation of the word  terrorism  and most members of Congress responded like iron filings obeying a magnet. One who responded in that fashion was Senator Barack Obama, soon to be coronated as the presidential nominee at the Democratic National Convention in Denver. He had already won the most delegates by campaigning to the left of his main opponent, Hillary Clinton, on the excesses of the global war on terror and the erosion of constitutional liberties.As the indemnification vote showed, the Deep State does not consist only of government agencies. What is euphemistically called  private enterprise  is an integral part of its operations. In a special series in The Washington Post called  Top Secret America,  Dana Priest and William K. Arkin described the scope of the privatized Deep State and the degree to which it has metastasized after the September 11 attacks. There are now 854,000 contract personnel with top-secret clearances   a number greater than that of top-secret-cleared civilian employees of the government. While they work throughout the country and the world, their heavy concentration in and around the Washington suburbs is unmistakable: Since 9/11, 33 facilities for top-secret intelligence have been built or are under construction. Combined, they occupy the floor space of almost three Pentagons   about 17 million square feet. Seventy percent of the intelligence community s budget goes to paying contracts. And the membrane between government and industry is highly permeable: The Director of National Intelligence, James R. Clapper, is a former executive of Booz Allen Hamilton, one of the government s largest intelligence contractors. His predecessor as director, Admiral Mike McConnell, is the current vice chairman of the same company; Booz Allen is 99 percent dependent on government business. These contractors now set the political and social tone of Washington, just as they are increasingly setting the direction of the country, but they are doing it quietly, their doings unrecorded in the Congressional Record or the Federal Register, and are rarely subject to congressional hearings.Washington is the most important node of the Deep State that has taken over America, but it is not the only one. Invisible threads of money and ambition connect the town to other nodes. One is Wall Street, which supplies the cash that keeps the political machine quiescent and operating as a diversionary marionette theater. Should the politicians forget their lines and threaten the status quo, Wall Street floods the town with cash and lawyers to help the hired hands remember their own best interests. The executives of the financial giants even have de facto criminal immunity. On March 6, 2013, testifying before the Senate Judiciary Committee, Attorney General Eric Holder stated the following:  I am concerned that the size of some of these institutions becomes so large that it does become difficult for us to prosecute them when we are hit with indications that if you do prosecute, if you do bring a criminal charge, it will have a negative impact on the national economy, perhaps even the world economy.  This, from the chief law enforcement officer of a justice system that has practically abolished the constitutional right to trial for poorer defendants charged with certain crimes. It is not too much to say that Wall Street may be the ultimate owner of the Deep State and its strategies, if for no other reason than that it has the money to reward government operatives with a second career that is lucrative beyond the dreams of avarice   certainly beyond the dreams of a salaried government employee. [3]The corridor between Manhattan and Washington is a well trodden highway for the personalities we have all gotten to know in the period since the massive deregulation of Wall Street: Robert Rubin, Lawrence Summers, Henry Paulson, Timothy Geithner and many others. Not all the traffic involves persons connected with the purely financial operations of the government: In 2013, General David Petraeus joined KKR (formerly Kohlberg Kravis Roberts) of 9 West 57th Street, New York, a private equity firm with $62.3 billion in assets. KKR specializes in management buyouts and leveraged finance. General Petraeus  expertise in these areas is unclear. His ability to peddle influence, however, is a known and valued commodity. Unlike Cincinnatus, the military commanders of the Deep State do not take up the plow once they lay down the sword. Petraeus also obtained a sinecure as a non-resident senior fellow at the Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at Harvard. The Ivy League is, of course, the preferred bleaching tub and charm school of the American oligarchy. [4]Petraeus and most of the avatars of the Deep State   the White House advisers who urged Obama not to impose compensation limits on Wall Street CEOs, the contractor-connected think tank experts who besought us to  stay the course  in Iraq, the economic gurus who perpetually demonstrate that globalization and deregulation are a blessing that makes us all better off in the long run   are careful to pretend that they have no ideology. Their preferred pose is that of the politically neutral technocrat offering well considered advice based on profound expertise. That is nonsense. They are deeply dyed in the hue of the official ideology of the governing class, an ideology that is neither specifically Democrat nor Republican. Domestically, whatever they might privately believe about essentially diversionary social issues such as abortion or gay marriage, they almost invariably believe in the  Washington Consensus : financialization, outsourcing, privatization, deregulation and the commodifying of labor. Internationally, they espouse 21st-century  American Exceptionalism : the right and duty of the United States to meddle in every region of the world with coercive diplomacy and boots on the ground and to ignore painfully won international norms of civilized behavior. To paraphrase what Sir John Harrington said more than 400 years ago about treason, now that the ideology of the Deep State has prospered, none dare call it ideology. [5] That is why describing torture with the word  torture  on broadcast television is treated less as political heresy than as an inexcusable lapse of Washington etiquette: Like smoking a cigarette on camera, these days it is simply  not done. After Edward Snowden s revelations about the extent and depth of surveillance by the National Security Agency, it has become publicly evident that Silicon Valley is a vital node of the Deep State as well. Unlike military and intelligence contractors, Silicon Valley overwhelmingly sells to the private market, but its business is so important to the government that a strange relationship has emerged. While the government could simply dragoon the high technology companies to do the NSA s bidding, it would prefer cooperation with so important an engine of the nation s economy, perhaps with an implied quid pro quo. Perhaps this explains the extraordinary indulgence the government shows the Valley in intellectual property matters. If an American  jailbreaks  his smartphone (i.e., modifies it so that it can use a service provider other than the one dictated by the manufacturer), he could receive a fine of up to $500,000 and several years in prison; so much for a citizen s vaunted property rights to what he purchases. The libertarian pose of the Silicon Valley moguls, so carefully cultivated in their public relations, has always been a sham. Silicon Valley has long been tracking for commercial purposes the activities of every person who uses an electronic device, so it is hardly surprising that the Deep State should emulate the Valley and do the same for its own purposes. Nor is it surprising that it should conscript the Valley s assistance.Still, despite the essential roles of lower Manhattan and Silicon Valley, the center of gravity of the Deep State is firmly situated in and around the Beltway. The Deep State s physical expansion and consolidation around the Beltway would seem to make a mockery of the frequent pronouncement that governance in Washington is dysfunctional and broken. That the secret and unaccountable Deep State floats freely above the gridlock between both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue is the paradox of American government in the 21st century: drone strikes, data mining, secret prisons and Panopticon-like control on the one hand; and on the other, the ordinary, visible parliamentary institutions of self-government declining to the status of a banana republic amid the gradual collapse of public infrastructure.The results of this contradiction are not abstract, as a tour of the rotting, decaying, bankrupt cities of the American Midwest will attest. It is not even confined to those parts of the country left behind by a Washington Consensus that decreed the financialization and deindustrialization of the economy in the interests of efficiency and shareholder value. This paradox is evident even within the Beltway itself, the richest metropolitan area in the nation. Although demographers and urban researchers invariably count Washington as a  world city,  that is not always evident to those who live there. Virtually every time there is a severe summer thunderstorm, tens   or even hundreds   of thousands of residents lose power, often for many days. There are occasional water restrictions over wide areas because water mains, poorly constructed and inadequately maintained, have burst. [6] The Washington metropolitan area considers it a Herculean task just to build a rail link to its international airport   with luck it may be completed by 2018.It is as if Hadrian s Wall was still fully manned and the fortifications along the border with Germania were never stronger, even as the city of Rome disintegrates from within and the life-sustaining aqueducts leading down from the hills begin to crumble. The governing classes of the Deep State may continue to deceive themselves with their dreams of Zeus-like omnipotence, but others do not. A 2013 Pew Poll that interviewed 38,000 people around the world found that in 23 of 39 countries surveyed, a plurality of respondents said they believed China already had or would in the future replace the United States as the world s top economic power.The Deep State is the big story of our time. It is the red thread that runs through the war on terrorism, the financialization and deindustrialization of the American economy, the rise of a plutocratic social structure and political dysfunction. Washington is the headquarters of the Deep State, and its time in the sun as a rival to Rome, Constantinople or London may be term-limited by its overweening sense of self-importance and its habit, as Winwood Reade said of Rome, to  live upon its principal till ruin stared it in the face.   Living upon its principal,  in this case, means that the Deep State has been extracting value from the American people in vampire-like fashion.We are faced with two disagreeable implications. First, that the Deep State is so heavily entrenched, so well protected by surveillance, firepower, money and its ability to co-opt resistance that it is almost impervious to change. Second, that just as in so many previous empires, the Deep State is populated with those whose instinctive reaction to the failure of their policies is to double down on those very policies in the future. Iraq was a failure briefly camouflaged by the wholly propagandistic success of the so-called surge; this legerdemain allowed for the surge in Afghanistan, which equally came to naught. Undeterred by that failure, the functionaries of the Deep State plunged into Libya; the smoking rubble of the Benghazi consulate, rather than discouraging further misadventure, seemed merely to incite the itch to bomb Syria. Will the Deep State ride on the back of the American people from failure to failure until the country itself, despite its huge reserves of human and material capital, is slowly exhausted? The dusty road of empire is strewn with the bones of former great powers that exhausted themselves in like manner.But, there are signs of resistance to the Deep State and its demands. In the aftermath of the Snowden revelations, the House narrowly failed to pass an amendment that would have defunded the NSA s warrantless collection of data from US persons. Shortly thereafter, the president, advocating yet another military intervention in the Middle East, this time in Syria, met with such overwhelming congressional skepticism that he changed the subject by grasping at a diplomatic lifeline thrown to him by Vladimir Putin. [7]Has the visible, constitutional state, the one envisaged by Madison and the other Founders, finally begun to reassert itself against the claims and usurpations of the Deep State? To some extent, perhaps. The unfolding revelations of the scope of the NSA s warrantless surveillance have become so egregious that even institutional apologists such as Senator Dianne Feinstein have begun to backpedal   if only rhetorically   from their knee-jerk defense of the agency. As more people begin to waken from the fearful and suggestible state that 9/11 created in their minds, it is possible that the Deep State s decade-old tactic of crying  terrorism!  every time it faces resistance is no longer eliciting the same Pavlovian response of meek obedience. And the American people, possibly even their legislators, are growing tired of endless quagmires in the Middle East.But there is another more structural reason the Deep State may have peaked in the extent of its dominance. While it seems to float above the constitutional state, its essentially parasitic, extractive nature means that it is still tethered to the formal proceedings of governance. The Deep State thrives when there is tolerable functionality in the day-to-day operations of the federal government. As long as appropriations bills get passed on time, promotion lists get confirmed, black (i.e., secret) budgets get rubber-stamped, special tax subsidies for certain corporations are approved without controversy, as long as too many awkward questions are not asked, the gears of the hybrid state will mesh noiselessly. But when one house of Congress is taken over by tea party Wahhabites, life for the ruling class becomes more trying.If there is anything the Deep State requires it is silent, uninterrupted cash flow and the confidence that things will go on as they have in the past. It is even willing to tolerate a degree of gridlock: Partisan mud wrestling over cultural issues may be a useful distraction from its agenda. But recent congressional antics involving sequestration, the government shutdown and the threat of default over the debt ceiling extension have been disrupting that equilibrium. And an extreme gridlock dynamic has developed between the two parties such that continuing some level of sequestration is politically the least bad option for both parties, albeit for different reasons. As much as many Republicans might want to give budget relief to the organs of national security, they cannot fully reverse sequestration without the Democrats demanding revenue increases. And Democrats wanting to spend more on domestic discretionary programs cannot void sequestration on either domestic or defense programs without Republicans insisting on entitlement cuts.So, for the foreseeable future, the Deep State must restrain its appetite for taxpayer dollars. Limited deals may soften sequestration, but agency requests will not likely be fully funded anytime soon. Even Wall Street s rentier operations have been affected: After helping finance the tea party to advance its own plutocratic ambitions, America s Big Money is now regretting the Frankenstein s monster it has created. Like children playing with dynamite, the tea party and its compulsion to drive the nation into credit default has alarmed the grown-ups commanding the heights of capital; the latter are now telling the politicians they thought they had hired to knock it off.The House vote to defund the NSA s illegal surveillance programs was equally illustrative of the disruptive nature of the tea party insurgency. Civil liberties Democrats alone would never have come so close to victory; tea party stalwart Justin Amash (R-MI), who has also upset the business community for his debt-limit fundamentalism, was the lead Republican sponsor of the NSA amendment, and most of the Republicans who voted with him were aligned with the tea party.The final factor is Silicon Valley. Owing to secrecy and obfuscation, it is hard to know how much of the NSA s relationship with the Valley is based on voluntary cooperation, how much is legal compulsion through FISA warrants and how much is a matter of the NSA surreptitiously breaking into technology companies  systems. Given the Valley s public relations requirement to mollify its customers who have privacy concerns, it is difficult to take the tech firms  libertarian protestations about government compromise of their systems at face value, especially since they engage in similar activity against their own customers for commercial purposes. That said, evidence is accumulating that Silicon Valley is losing billions in overseas business from companies, individuals and governments that want to maintain privacy. For high tech entrepreneurs, the cash nexus is ultimately more compelling than the Deep State s demand for patriotic cooperation. Even legal compulsion can be combatted: Unlike the individual citizen, tech firms have deep pockets and batteries of lawyers with which to fight government diktat.This pushback has gone so far that on January 17, President Obama announced revisions to the NSA s data collection programs, including withdrawing the agency s custody of a domestic telephone record database, expanding requirements for judicial warrants and ceasing to spy on (undefined)  friendly foreign leaders.  Critics have denounced the changes as a cosmetic public relations move, but they are still significant in that the clamor has gotten so loud that the president feels the political need to address it.When the contradictions within a ruling ideology are pushed too far, factionalism appears and that ideology begins slowly to crumble. Corporate oligarchs such as the Koch brothers are no longer entirely happy with the faux-populist political front group they helped fund and groom. Silicon Valley, for all the Ayn Rand-like tendencies of its major players, its offshoring strategies and its further exacerbation of income inequality, is now lobbying Congress to restrain the NSA, a core component of the Deep State. Some tech firms are moving to encrypt their data. High tech corporations and governments alike seek dominance over people though collection of personal data, but the corporations are jumping ship now that adverse public reaction to the NSA scandals threatens their profits.The outcome of all these developments is uncertain. The Deep State, based on the twin pillars of national security imperative and corporate hegemony, has until recently seemed unshakable and the latest events may only be a temporary perturbation in its trajectory. But history has a way of toppling the altars of the mighty. While the two great materialist and determinist ideologies of the twentieth century, Marxism and the Washington Consensus, successively decreed that the dictatorship of the proletariat and the dictatorship of the market were inevitable, the future is actually indeterminate. It may be that deep economic and social currents create the framework of history, but those currents can be channeled, eddied, or even reversed by circumstance, chance and human agency. We have only to reflect upon defunct glacial despotisms such as the USSR or East Germany to realize that nothing is forever.Throughout history, state systems with outsized pretensions to power have reacted to their environments in two ways. The first strategy, reflecting the ossification of its ruling elites, consists of repeating that nothing is wrong, that the status quo reflects the nation s unique good fortune in being favored by God and that those calling for change are merely subversive troublemakers. As the French ancien r gime, the Romanov dynasty and the Habsburg emperors discovered, the strategy works splendidly for a while, particularly if one has a talent for dismissing unpleasant facts. The final results, however, are likely to be thoroughly disappointing.The second strategy is one embraced to varying degrees and with differing goals, by figures of such contrasting personalities as Mustafa Kemal Atat rk, Franklin D. Roosevelt, Charles de Gaulle and Deng Xiaoping. They were certainly not revolutionaries by temperament; if anything, their natures were conservative. But they understood that the political cultures in which they lived were fossilized and incapable of adapting to the times. In their drive to reform and modernize the political systems they inherited, their first obstacles to overcome were the outworn myths that encrusted the thinking of the elites of their time.As the United States confronts its future after experiencing two failed wars, a precarious economy and $17 trillion in accumulated debt, the national punditry has split into two camps. The first, the declinists, sees a broken, dysfunctional political system incapable of reform and an economy soon to be overtaken by China. The second, the reformers, offers a profusion of nostrums to turn the nation around: public financing of elections to sever the artery of money between the corporate components of the Deep State and financially dependent elected officials, government  insourcing  to reverse the tide of outsourcing of government functions and the conflicts of interest that it creates, a tax policy that values human labor over financial manipulation and a trade policy that favors exporting manufactured goods over exporting investment capital.All of that is necessary, but not sufficient. The Snowden revelations (the impact of which have been surprisingly strong), the derailed drive for military intervention in Syria and a fractious Congress, whose dysfunction has begun to be a serious inconvenience to the Deep State, show that there is now a deep but as yet inchoate hunger for change. What America lacks is a figure with the serene self-confidence to tell us that the twin idols of national security and corporate power are outworn dogmas that have nothing more to offer us. Thus disenthralled, the people themselves will unravel the Deep State with surprising speed. [1] The term  Deep State  was coined in Turkey and is said to be a system composed of high-level elements within the intelligence services, military, security, judiciary and organized crime. In British author John le Carr s latest novel, A Delicate Truth, a character describes the Deep State as   the ever-expanding circle of non-governmental insiders from banking, industry and commerce who were cleared for highly classified information denied to large swathes of Whitehall and Westminster.  I use the term to mean a hybrid association of elements of government and parts of top-level finance and industry that is effectively able to govern the United States without reference to the consent of the governed as expressed through the formal political process.  [2] Twenty-five years ago, the sociologist Robert Nisbet described this phenomenon as  the attribute of No Fault . Presidents, secretaries and generals and admirals in America seemingly subscribe to the doctrine that no fault ever attaches to policy and operations. This No Fault conviction prevents them from taking too seriously such notorious foul-ups as Desert One, Grenada, Lebanon and now the Persian Gulf.  To his list we might add 9/11, Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya.  [3] The attitude of many members of Congress towards Wall Street was memorably expressed by Rep. Spencer Bachus (R-AL), the incoming chairman of the House Financial Services Committee, in 2010:  In Washington, the view is that the banks are to be regulated, and my view is that Washington and the regulators are there to serve the banks.   [4] Beginning in 1988, every US president has been a graduate of Harvard or Yale. Beginning in 2000, every losing presidential candidate has been a Harvard or Yale graduate, with the exception of John McCain in 2008.  [5] In recent months, the American public has seen a vivid example of a Deep State operative marketing his ideology under the banner of pragmatism. Former Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates   a one-time career CIA officer and deeply political Bush family retainer   has camouflaged his retrospective defense of military escalations that have brought us nothing but casualties and fiscal grief as the straight-from-the-shoulder memoir from a plain-spoken son of Kansas who disdains Washington and its politicians.  [6] Meanwhile, the US government took the lead in restoring Baghdad s sewer system at a cost of $7 billion.  [7] Obama s abrupt about-face suggests he may have been skeptical of military intervention in Syria all along, but only dropped that policy once Congress and Putin gave him the running room to do so. In 2009, he went ahead with the Afghanistan  surge  partly because General Petraeus  public relations campaign and back-channel lobbying on the Hill for implementation of his pet military strategy pre-empted other options. These incidents raise the disturbing question of how much the democratically elected president   or any president   sets the policy of the national security state and how much the policy is set for him by the professional operatives of that state who engineer faits accomplis that force his hand.*** Author Mike Lofgren is a former career congressional staff member who served on the House and Senate budget committees. His latest book is The Deep State: The Fall of the Constitution and the Rise of a Shadow Government. He appeared several times as a guest on Moyers & Company. Learn more on his website: mikelofgren.net.This essay was originally published on Feb. 21, 2014, written by best selling author Mike Lofgren and published at BillMoyers.comREAD MORE DEEP STATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Deep State FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22797,Watch as Assad Destroys US Reporter Michael Isikoff in Interview,"21st Century Wire says After 7 years of systematic and pathological lying, and fabricating thousands of fraudulent news reports about Syria, by now it s widely understood that US and UK media have now lost all credibility by now. Even since the defeat of the western-backed terrorist occupation of East Aleppo in December 2016, western corporate media outlets dispatched various trained gatekeepers and deep state stenographers in an attempt to try and rescue many of their legacy narratives, all of which have since collapsed after most western and Gulf-backed terrorists have fled their strongholds   while leaving volumes of damning evidence behind in the process. With that in mind, we thought it poignant then to re-air this timeless exhibit   a breathtaking display of US propaganda gone array, where Yahoo! News reporter Michael Isikoff become mired in his own web of disinformation and official conspiracy theories, as he tries to deliver a series of canned talking points (straight off of the CNN and CIA briefing sheet) in yet another vain attempt to defame and demonize Syrian President Bashar al-Assad at the Presidential Palace in Damascus. In this embarrassing exchange, Isikoff tries on a series of contrived  reports  concocted by Amnesty International and the FBI, and even alludes to the widely discredited  Caesar Photos  hoax, amid a sustained barrage of  human rights  virtue signalling, all while accusing Assad of numerous  war crimes. As interviews go, this was certainly one of the low water marks in US media history. Watch: See the full Yahoo! News report which aired on February 10, 2017 here.  SEE MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22798,"(VIDEO) For the Love of Winston Smith, “Let The Truth Be Told”","Undoubtedly, we are living in an age of universal deceit, where government and corporations are colluding to bury the truth, and promote only state-sanctioned narratives. The party told you to reject the evidence of your eyes and ears. It was their final, most essential command. His heart sank as he thought of the enormous power arrayed against him, the ease with which any Party intellectual would overthrow him in debate, the subtle arguments which he would not be able to understand, much less answer. And yet he was in the right! They were wrong and he was right.     George Orwell describing the plight of Winston Smith in the literary classic, 1984.YouTube artist Rebekah Johnson says,  Propaganda puppets are lying to the public and suppressing the truth to further their agenda. Listen to her song and watch her video here:. READ MORE PROPAGANDA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Propaganda FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22799,Boiler Room EP #124 – Weather Warfare & CNN Goblin Pits,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis and Andy Nowicki the Nameless One, for the hundred and twenty fourth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing the ongoing aftermath of the Charlottesville protests, Hurricane Harvey, weather warfare, geoengineering, movies, CNN faking flood rescues and more.Direct Download Episode #124Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22800,McCain’s Mad World and The Cancer of Conflict,"21st Century Wire says Some devastating news befell John Sidney McCain III  recently, as his staff announced that the US Senator had been diagnosed with a brain tumor called glioblastoma discovered during recent testing at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix, Arizona. We wish the Senator well On Episode #195  Chickenhawk Nation  of the SUNDAY WIRE with co-hosts Patrick Henningsen and Mike Robinson, we break down all the reasons why we think it s time for McCain to retire.The list is endless. We ll start with a real  cancer of conflict    the senseless truck bombing of Al-Kindi cancer treatment hospital in Aleppo, Syria. The attack carried out by the same  freedom fighters  that McCain was seen cavorting with during his secret trip to the Aleppo area in May 2013. The very same  rebels  he was supplying weapons to   the  Free Syrian Army  (under the command of Jabbat al Nusra aka al Qaeda in Syria) would later order the bombing on this cancer treatment hospital. LISTEN: More @21WIRE:",0
22801,"Boiler Room EP #123 – Right vs. Left, Jerry Springer Style","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for this week s broadcast of The Boiler Room . Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore alongside Patrick Henningsen, Editor of 21WIRE, Daniel Spaulding from Soul of the East, FunkSoul (21WIRE & ACR contributor) and Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributor), for the hundred and twenty-third episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil-downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.Direct Download Episode #123Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22802,Liberal Imperium: Quigley’s Anglo-American Establishment – Jay Dyer (half),"Jay Dyer 21st Century WireThis is an addendum to the 8 lectures last year on the monumental Atlanticist apologetic Tragedy and Hope   based on Quigley s other telling book, The Anglo-American Establishment. The first section is free, while subscribers gain access to full talks and lectures. The goals which Rhodes and Milner sought and the methods by which they hoped to achieve them were so similar by 1902 that the two are almost indistinguishable Both sought to unite the world, and above all the English-speaking world in a federal structure around Britain. Both felt that this goal could best be achieved by a secret band of men united to one another by devotion to the common cause and by personal loyalty to one another. Both felt that this band should pursue its goal by secret political and economic influence behind the scenes and by the control of journalistic, educational, and propaganda agencies.  -Quigley (Namely, the Liberal Imperium.) Listen to  Liberal Imperium: Quigley s Anglo-American Establishment   Jay Dyer (half)  on Spreaker. Jay Dyer is the author of the best selling title, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film from Trine Day. Focusing on film, philosophy, geopolitics and all things esoteric, JaysAnalysis and his podcast,  Esoteric Hollywood,  investigates the deeper meanings between the headlines, exploring the hidden aspects of our sinister synthetic mass media matrix.SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22803,"SYRIA, NORTH KOREA: Trump’s “Axis of Evil” is Bigger and Better than the George Bush Version","Whitney Webb Mint PressBush s  Axis of Evil  speech in 2002 was precursor to disastrous invasion and regime change. Now once again, under Trump, that narrative has re-emerged   this time linking Syria with North Korea, based on allegations by unidentified parties regarding chemical weapons shipments.On Monday, Reuters published a widely circulated story based on a confidential United Nations report on North Korean sanctions violations. According to the report, which is not available to the general public, two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency responsible for the country s chemical weapons program had been intercepted.The report, according to Reuters, was authored by  a panel of independent UN experts  and investigates alleged dealings between a North Korean company and Syria s Scientific Studies and Research Center (SSRC), a government agency that oversaw the nation s chemical weapons program before the internationally-recognized destruction of that program took place in 2013.Notably, the 37-page document at no point gives details on when or where the interdictions occurred or details regarding what the shipments actually contained.The report further states that its account of the incident s occurrence is dependent on the testimony of two unidentified member states, which  interdicted shipments destined for Syria  and had  reasons to believe that the goods were part of a KOMID contract with Syria.  KOMID is the Korea Mining Development Trading Corporation, a Pyongyang-based company the UN had previously cited  in 2009, when the UN Security Council had it blacklisted for its role in supporting North Korea s ballistic missile program   as a  primary arms dealer and main exporter of goods and equipment related to ballistic missiles and conventional weapons. North Korea is caught sending 'chemical weapons' to Syria amid concerns Kim Jong-Un and Assad are working together https://t.co/ectIj2JwN9  Daily Mail US (@DailyMail) August 22, 2017North Korea chemical weapons said intercepted en route to Syria https://t.co/wdjZOlgg8k via @timesofisrael #northkorea #syria  Gregory Smith (@GsmittySmith) August 22, 2017With their identities concealed, there is no way of knowing if these member states are among the countries that have actively been pushing for the removal of Syria s democratically-elected president Bashar al-Assad since the Syrian conflict began in 2011. In addition, another member state   a nation not involved in the seizure of the shipments   had  informed the panel that it had reasons to believe that the goods were part of a KOMID contract with Syria.  It appears that the statement made by this member state s representative was given, by this ostensibly independent panel, the same weight normally reserved for concrete evidence.It also remains unclear how the SSRC was determined to be the recipient of the intercepted shipments, as the report simply states that  the consignees were Syrian entities designated by the European Union and the United States as front companies for  the SSRC. With only Reuters permitted access to this confidential report, there is no way to know who or what these entities are, as Reuters left them unnamed in its article.Furthermore, the composition of the UN panel itself is also unknown. Though Reuters stated that the panel was composed of  independent experts,  Reuters has also previously claimed that organizations such as the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR) were objective in the Syrian conflict, even though the sole person behind the group is rabidly anti-Assad, pro-Western intervention, and reporting on Syria from Britain. Shielding the names of these  independent experts  from the public does little to lend credibility to the findings of this UN report.The North Korea-Syria arms connection narrativeThe North Korea-Syria arms trade  connection  is not new. This narrative first emerged earlier this year in April, when the Syrian government stood accused of using chemical weapons against civilians in Idlib   an event that was later roundly debunked by independent experts, including Professor Emeritus at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) and former scientist with the U.S. Department of Defense, Theodore Postol.At the time, several U.S. publications, including USA Today and Defense One, backed up their claims of sinister cooperation between the Syrian and North Korean governments by citing Professor Bruce Bechtol of Angelo State University, Texas. Both outlets described Bechtol as a  North Korea expert. But Bechtol s  evidence  cited in these reports   such as when he asserts that I would be stunned, I would be surprised, if the nerve agent allegedly used by the Assad regime on April 4 in the Idlib province was not supplied by North Korea    amounts to conjecture. Bechtol, who once worked for the Defense Intelligence Agency and has long-standing links to the Pentagon, had previously authored a 2015 research paperon the North Korea and Syrian partnership, in which he drew heavily on the CIA for his sweeping assertions regarding the two nations  alleged  long history  of collaboration in the production and development of chemical weapons.Bechtol s conclusions are undermined by data from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI)   a recognized authority on the global weapons trade  shows that Syria has ordered weapons from North Korea only three times since 1990, twice in 1990 and once in 1996. In other words, Syria   according to SIPRI   has not made any purchases from North Korea in over 20 years.Given that arms deals with North Korea s government were legal until 2006 and deals with KOMID were legal until 2009, if the partnership was really so longstanding and prolific, why were there so few transactions between them in the years prior? The established facts hardly fit the picture of a supposedly booming North Korea-Syria arms trade.Creating the new  Axis of Evil Ultimately, the attempts to link North Korea to Syria s defunct chemical weapons program are meant to create a new  axis of evil  by associating one  evil dictator  with another. The  axis of evil  narrative, first coined by George W. Bush in 2002, has been central to the U.S.  demonization of  rogue  governments that fail to submit to the U.S.-dominated global order, of which the United Nations is part. This narrative has often been followed by the  evil dictator  label, as it was with Iraq and Libya   two of the countries comprising the original  axis of evil. Under Trump, the  axis of evil  is having a resurgence, a development that even mainstream media outlets like CNN have noted. With Iraq and Libya having been dealt with, Syria has joined the list and a concerted effort is now being made to link the remaining  evil dictators  to each other. By connecting North Korea to Syria s thoroughly demonized (though non-existent) chemical weapons program, the U.S. is building the momentum and the justification for the  preventative  invasions of these rogue states it has long sought to achieve   all the more determinedly now that its  superpower  status is being threatened as never before.***SEE MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22804,AFGHANISTAN: Trump Surges Into the Graveyard of Empires," By ramping up US troop levels in Afghanistan, Trump is alienating many supporters. (Photo: DoD/USAF Tech Sgt Brigitte N Brantley. Source: Wikicommons)Miles Elliot 21st Century WireOn Monday night, US President Donald Trump made a speech in which he outlined his long-awaited new strategy for the war in Afghanistan. As predicted by 21WIRE in July, Trump will undertake a fourth US  surge  in Afghanistan, building up US troop levels in the country just like Bush and Obama did before him.However, to say that he outlined a new strategy in his speech is being very kind to Trump. He did very little outlining and what he did present does not exactly qualify as new, or as a strategy.One of the most notable features of his speech was his refusal to disclose troop numbers or timescales for their deployment. Granted, publicising those aspects of the US presence in Afghanistan did not create a win for Obama; the former president promised to pull out all the troops by 2014, but left office in January 2017 with over 8,500 US military personnel still stationed in the country. For Trump to keep such details from the American public, particularly the troop numbers, goes against basic democratic principles of transparency and accountability. As Finian Cunningham says: America s overseas wars are not just expanding under Trump; they are going secret and unaccountable. Furthermore, simply sending more troops and beefing up military deployments to Afghanistan is not a new strategy. George W Bush deployed a  quiet surge  to Afghanistan in 2008, and Obama presided over two separate surges in early and late 2009, none of which won the war. See 21WIRE s recent article which points out fundamental flaws and problems with the US strategy and modus operandi in Afghanistan; doubling down on these flaws with more personnel, money and weapons may only amplify them.The war was probably unwinnable from the outset anyway. There is a reason Afghanistan is referred to as the Graveyard of Empires. Justin Raimondo s latest article responding to Trump s announcement alludes to it: So I studied Afghanistan in great detail and from every conceivable angle,  [Trump] claims. Really? Did he study it enough to realize that no one has ever conquered Afghanistan? Did he contemplate the storied history of that unforgiving land, which caused even Alexander the Great to turn back? Or for a more lighthearted approach, the following tweet plays on the seeming endlessness of the Afghan war in American political life.I made this political cartoon in 2010. Enjoy! https://t.co/fSosAGURCW pic.twitter.com/jyfQIZOFzY  Matt Bors (@MattBors) August 22, 2017Another interesting feature of Trump s speech was its focus on Pakistan, which he sharply criticized for harboring terrorists and allowing them  safe havens . However, as Michael Krieger points out in his excellent analysis: Guess which country he didn t mention? The greatest sponsor of Islamic radicalization the world has ever seen: Saudi Arabia. This once again proves that Trump represents the same old tired thinking that s been running the U.S. economy and society into the ground for decades. This is now a 100% establishment Presidency, which will be completely defined by establishment thinking. In other words, imperial collapse is coming. It seems an obvious point that talking about combating terrorism without addressing its primary causes and sources of support is somewhat foolish. However, it appears that Trump and his administration need a reminder.By far the most striking aspect of Trump s announcement, however, is that it represents a 180  U-turn, totally reversing the attitude he had to US involvement in Afghanistan since before he even began campaigning to become President. The following is just one of many tweets dating back quite a few years in which Trump complains about the US being in Afghanistan.When will we stop wasting our money on rebuilding Afghanistan? We must rebuild our country first.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 7, 2011Trump s announcement is already alienating much of his political base, especially supporters who wanted him to prioritize American jobs and infrastructure over globalist projects such as trade deals and foreign wars. More than that, it is unlikely to be popular with the overall US electorate, who are on the whole opposed to continuing the war. On the other hand it is no surprise that the announcement is gaining praise from neocons and lawmakers such as Sen. John McCain (R-AZ), Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI).Does it even need to be said that the US has had troops deployed to Afghanistan for 16 years? This might make Afghanistan one of the only truly inter-generational wars the US has fought.Met a man today who served in Afghanistan 16 yrs ago -now says his son serves there. Let that sink in as you support perpetual war  Brian J. Karem (@BrianKarem) August 22, 2017There is of course a question as to how much of this plan is coming from Trump himself as opposed to from his advisers,  deep state  handlers or other influences. As Finian Cunningham argues below, there is reason to believe that Trump has been compromised by the  deep state . Many even believe that  soft coup  has occurred and that Trump is no longer really in charge. Yet others question whether Trump had any authenticity to begin with; on the left especially some people perceive Trump to be thoroughly dishonest and merely a representative of robber-baron, capitalist  fascism .These issues are part of the larger question of Trump s authenticity, but unfortunately we can t provide those answers here. Whatever one s position on this, however, none of the possible options lets the President off the hook. In all cases, he is the man responsible, it s his name on the door, and it is his responsibility to either make good on his promises to the American people or at the very least to keep them informed. In light of his announcement on Afghanistan, neither one appears to be happening.SEE ALSO: AFGHANISTAN: Forgotten, But Not GoneMore on this from RT  US Army soldiers in Afghanistan. The country has been called the Graveyard of Empires for being notoriously hard to conquer (Photo: US Army. Source: Wikicommons)Finian Cunningham RTIf one moment stands out as the clearest signal yet of US President Trump turning his back on supporters, it was his announcement this week to re-escalate American military intervention in Afghanistan.His signature campaign promise of putting  America First  and ending the folly of overseas wars launched by previous administrations was shredded on prime time television when he gave orders for thousands of more US troops to be sent to Afghanistan. The already 16-year war in that country   America s longest   will now go on indefinitely longer.The Huffington Post headlined:  Trump s vague new Afghanistan strategy continues an endless war. Not only that, but this president is refusing to give any public information on force numbers or timescale. America s overseas wars are not just expanding under Trump; they are going secret and unaccountable.This surge in militarism is precisely what candidate Trump said he would not do when he campaigned for votes among blue-collar workers in the Rust Belt states, vowing instead to channel US economic resources to revive  forgotten  communities at home. Recall his blustering inauguration speech on January 20 when he bemoaned the  American Carnage,  at home and abroad.As the Huffington Post writes:  When Obama was still in office and overseeing a massive troop presence in Afghanistan, Trump repeatedly bashed the operation as a waste of money and called for a quick withdrawal from the country. How s that for a U-turn? This is at a time when support among Trump s voter base in the Rust Belt states has plummeted. There is weakness in the heartland, reported NBC, because workers fear Trump is reneging on past commitments to revitalize their livelihoods. Their concern is that this president is too interested in giving tax breaks to corporations and kowtowing to the Pentagon.Ironically, Donald Trump likes to portray himself as an  alpha-male  who is his own boss. It is abundantly clear now that Trump is a mere manikin who sits in the White House taking orders from his generals.When Trump ousted Stephen Bannon, his staunchest ally in the White House, it was under the orders of the military figures who are now dominant in his administration. Trump s chief of staff, former Marine General John Kelly, wanted Bannon out because of his contrarian views.When Bannon gave a surprise interview last week contradicting the militarist policy on North Korea that was the last straw. Bannon said there was no military option in solving the North Korea standoff, which flew in the face of what the Pentagon has been advising Trump, with  all options on the table.  Only days later, he was kicked out.Bannon has now returned to edit Breitbart News, the nationalistic website which has in the past served as a media booster for Trump. Following the announcement on Afghanistan, Breitbart News declared:  Trump reverses course  and blasted his speech a  flip-flop,  as reported by Politico.Bannon had been a vigorous counsel to Trump against overseas militarism and in particular about Afghanistan. He is thought to have been the primary influence behind Trump s economic nationalism of America First.It is no coincidence that Trump decided to get rid of Bannon while huddled with military generals and intelligence chiefs at Camp David last weekend. Then three days after his departure from the White House, Trump delivers his U-turn on re-escalating the military involvement in South Asia, exactly as the Pentagon top brass had been urging.With little or no policy achievements so far, Trump is emerging as a blowhard who is all too willing to toe the line to survive   even if that means stabbing his supposed allies in the back. This is a president who has a big mouth and big ego, and not much else. All the promises to his voter base are being seen to be cruel hoaxes, perpetrated by one who is always denouncing others over hoaxes.The rise of the generals in Trump s administration, alongside a weak-kneed figurehead president, should surely be cause for concern for its sinister constitutional implications. But disturbingly, the drift toward a military government in the US hardly causes a public ruffle; indeed, it is actually welcomed by prominent news media.In an editorial last weekend condemning  The Failing Trump Presidency,  the New York Times seems to be oblivious in its endorsement of military control over the White House.It states:  One measure of the despair caused by Mr. Trump s behavior is that we find ourselves strangely comforted by things that in any normal presidency would be cause for concern  Americans accustomed constitutionally and politically to civilian leadership now find themselves relying on three current and former generals   John Kelly, the new White House chief of staff; H. R. McMaster, the national security adviser; and Jim Mattis, the secretary of defense   to stop Mr. Trump from going completely off the rails. Last week, too, when the five Joint Chiefs of Staff roundly rebuked Trump over his ambiguous comments on racial violence, the US media widely saw that intervention by the Pentagon as a welcome  disciplining  of the president.It s a sobering reality-check on how the supposed radical, populist president who promised to return governing power to the ordinary citizens is now firmly in the vice of a corporate-military cabal.Look at Trump s cabinet. Apart from the three generals, Kelly, McMaster and Mattis, the other key posts are run by an ex-oil CEO, Rex Tillerson at the State Department, and former Wall Street executives, Steven Mnuchin as Treasury Secretary, Gary Cohn as national economic adviser, and Wilbur Ross as Commerce Secretary.This combination of military and industrial corporatism at the executive level of government is a definition of a fascist state. Combine that with a malleable megalomaniac who is willing to betray his allies and voter base, and that makes for a dangerous cabal.Trump s readiness to go to war in Venezuela, North Korea, and Iran and to give license to the Pentagon to step up its air force slaughter in Iraq, Syria, and Yemen are all signals of how far this presidency has degenerated.But it is Trump s brazen backtracking on Afghanistan that most transparently shows his unscrupulous character and just how much the Pentagon has taken control over this presidency.Last November, the American people voted for a radical change, one that would deliver economic revival and jobs at home, while implementing more peaceful foreign relations.Today, Americans have got the opposite of what they were calling for when they elected President Trump. The implications are blatant and disconcerting. American democracy no longer exists, if it ever did. The will of the people has been subverted by the will of the military-industrial complex. Trump is but a pathetic puppet who is taking orders from the generals and his oligarchic friends in Wall Street.The so-called  exceptional nation    the one that never tires of proclaiming its lofty democratic virtues to the rest of the world   has degenerated into a military-corporatist state. Trump s betrayal is complete and stands out as one of the biggest cons in modern political history.READ MORE AFGHANISTAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Afghanistan FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE AND BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22805,"Black Politicians Increase Attacks on Ben Carson, Accuse Him of Supporting ‘White Supremacists’","Politics can be a nasty business. This latest spat proves once again, that in politics, it s not really about color, as much as it is which party you belong to. In this sense, many prominent black American Democrats consider Ben Carson to be a  traitor  to their cause.Recently, President Trump s opponents have begun to intensify their attacks on African-American Republican HUD Secretary Ben Carson. Democratic Congresswoman Maxine Waters has recently come out threatening Carson, and now Jumaane Williams, a Democrat and New York City Council member for the 45th District, has accused Carson of supporting  White Supremacist views . Is there any truth to these accusations, or is this a racially-motivated political witch-hunt? Watch: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22806,Zakharova Slams CIA Chief Pompeo: Stop Making Up Anti-Russian Fiction,"21st Century Wire says With the ongoing hysteria constantly spouting from the American mainstream media about alleged  Russian meddling  in the 2016 election which saw Donald Trump elected as president of the United States, the world is still awaiting a single shred of real evidence to support the establishment s conspiracy theory. To date, none has surfaced. The intelligence community has said that this election was meddled with by the Russians in a way that frankly is not particularly original. They ve been doing this for an awfully long time, and we are decades into the Russians trying to undermine American democracy,  CIA chief Mike Pompeo told MSNBC s Hugh Hewitt in an exclusive interview that aired Saturday, June 24.Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman, Maria Zakharova, has made a noteworthy response to Pompeo s comments.via Russia InsiderTranslation: We could not but take note of and comment on the June 24 statement by CIA Director Mike Pompeo during his NBC interview. The statement dealt with Russia s alleged long time attempts to undermine the American democracy and meddling in the US elections. It appears that in his opinion Russia s longtime attempts to undermine the US democracy have culminated in the interference in US elections. As we know the issue of Russia s meddling in the election process has become a favorite media story and an obsession in the United States. This story has been adopted by anti-Russia propagandists. This issue continues to pick up momentum and is mentioned in statements by officials who are trying to accuse Russia of engaging in unlawful actions but who have failed to produce any evidence to date.We would like to remind them about some outstanding pages of US history. Unlike the Americans, we have real facts at our disposal, and we know what we should focus on. It is common knowledge that since the early 1990s the United States had voiced its intentions to establish a Jeffersonian democracy in Russia. But the very fact of setting such a task completely runs counter to the ideas of Thomas Jefferson, one of the founding fathers of the American nation and democracy. All of us know he called for respecting various forms of government, chosen by other nations and said the United States would not impose its will anywhere. He was mistaken. Thomas Jefferson referred to the idea of dictating the form of government to an independent country as arrogant, brutal and outrageous.It appears that the ideologists of the present-day America have very poor knowledge of their own history and the foundations of their statehood, if the concepts of  exporting democracy  and  humanitarian intervention  have become their favorite method for conducting an aggressive foreign policy as part of their national concept. For decades, dozens of countries all over the world have been suffering from US-imposed sate system formulas they are trying to equate all countries under one and the same pattern, without any consideration for what makes each of them unique. This policy and experiments cannot be called harmless. In the past few years Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya, Egypt, Syria and Ukraine have fallen prey to this concept. Needless to say, al-Qaeda in all its manifestations, ISIS and other radical terrorist groups of all religious denominations evolved on the fertile soil created by the Americans and in fact often were the brainchildren of these forces.Generous financial injections in the form of projects and grants through numerous foundations and NGOs is another  grey zone  through which the United States has been trying to influence political processes all over the world for many years. Russia virtually tops the list of these allocations. Various government and non-government organizations, including the Peace Corps, the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), the National Democratic Institute, the International Republican Institute and many other similar agencies, have been planting their agents for decades in order to penetrate the Russian political establishment and media community and to influence public opinion. According to some sources, the US has spent 5 Billion dollars for these purposes in the 1990s alone. It is very strange that, while making such statements, Mr. Pompeo forgets that many decisions stipulating the allocation of funding were approved by his own agency. It is strange that Washington forgets the fact that in the run-up to the 1996 Russian presidential election, the Federal Reserve bank delivered $500 million in cash to the US Embassy in Moscow under a far-fetched pretext of avoiding frenzied demand during the exchange of old $100 notes. Operatives from the CIA s Moscow Embassy station, headed by Michael Sulick, virtually slept on the money bags, while guarding them. Foreign-made cars delivered small batches of money from the Embassy to certain individuals.Who did the US sponsor using this money? I believe we will also learn this someday. I do not mean our assumptions, everything is clear here  Well will know the specific names, dates and so on. Here are only a few examples of diverse US activities aiming to undermine stability in various regions worldwide and in those areas that are not ready to follow American instructions. We are in no way demanding that Mr. Pompeo should stop his rhetoric because this is in the realm of fiction. One should simply understand that every action has an equal and opposite reaction. We are ready. READ MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22807,Episode #199 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Trigger Warning: ID Politics’ with Gilad Atzmon and Jay Dyer,"Episode #199 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes on Aug 20th, 2017 as host Patrick Henningsen brings you this week s LIVE broadcast on the Alternate Current Radio Network   covering all the top news stories both at home and internationally LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12am PT (US)  This week we deliver another LIVE broadcast from the UK, as SUNDAY WIRE host Patrick Henningsen is joined by two incredible guests to discuss the disturbing political situation in America. In the first hour we ll be joined by artist and the brilliant and controversial best-selling author and internationally acclaimed jazz artist, Gilad Atzmon, to discuss Charlottesville and the problem of Left vs Right identity politics in the West, as well its roots in Jewish ID politics, and how society might be able overcome the downward spiral it currently finds itself in. In the second hour we re joined by author and analyst, Jay Dyer, from JaysAnalysis.com to talk about America s new culture wars and why Leftist activists are now pulling down statues across the country and how this might accelerate to more censorship and ceremonial  book burning  activities. In the final segment, we hear a thought-provoking interview with an American man who managed to turn from hating all Muslims to adopting a more open-minded, civil approach to dialogue   proving that communication is the key to conflict resolution. Our guest Gilad Atzmon s book, Being In Time: A Post Political Manifesto is available now on: Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.com and gilad.co.uk. Also guest Jay Dyer s book, Esoteric Hollywood: Sex, Cults and Symbols in Film is available now at Amazon.com.  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Download Episode #199Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives    ",0
22808,Five Things You Need to Know About CrowdStrike,". The Daily CallerThe Democratic Party and mainstream media have become increasingly consumed with the narrative that Donald Trump s election win is largely influenced by Russian hacking.The narrative is centered around two hacks the hack of a DNC server that led to the release of embarrassing emails during the Democratic National Convention, and the hack of John Podesta s email which led to several embarrassing moments for the Clinton campaign in October 2016. Both are supposedly the result of the Russians.The Russia story is back in the headlines once again after reports surrounding former President Barack Obama s attempts to  punish  Russia for its interference.However, there is still a cloud of doubt hanging over the DNC s Russia narrative on the breach of the DNC servers.The analysis that alleged that Russia was behind the DNC server breach was carried out not by the U.S. government, but by the private security group CrowdStrike.CrowdStrike is the sole source of this claim, with their June 2016 report,  Bears in the Midst: Intrusion into the Democratic National Committee  being the basis of the DNC s Russian hacking allegations.Here are five key points about CrowdStrike that the mainstream media is ignoring:1. Obama Appoints CrowdStrike Officer To Admin Post Two Months Before June 2016 Report On Russia Hacking DNC2. The FBI Never Looked At The DNC s Servers   Only CrowdStrike Did3. Comey Contradicted The DNC s Story On The FBI Asking To See The Server4. CrowdStrike Co-Founder Is Fellow On Russia Hawk Group, Has Connections To George Soros, Ukrainian Billionaire5. CrowdStrike Is Funded By Clinton-Loving Google $$To read more about CrowdStrike and the five things you need to know, visit The Daily CallerREAD MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sci-Tech FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22809,Atzmon: Who Keeps Americans in the Dark?,". By Gilad AtzmonEarlier this week, senior Tablet magazine writer Yair Rosenberg pointed out in a Washington Post article that the White nationalists who gathered in Charlottesville, Virginia targeted the Jews. They (the White Nationalists) immediately went after the Jews,  Rosenberg writes. They  chanted anti-Semitic and Nazi slogans, including  blood and soil  and  Jews will not replace us    all crafted to cast Jews as foreign interlopers who need to be expunged. The attendees proudly displayed giant swastikas and wore shirts emblazoned with quotes from Adolf Hitler. One banner read,  Jews are Satan s children. This is an important and genuine observation by Rosenberg. He suggests that the white nationalists are fully aware that that they are in a battle with  the Jews.  The Jews also seem to acknowledge that they are at war with the White Nationalists and that this broad category includes the American President* who according to the Jewish press took side with the  Nazis .It seems that the American people are the only ones who are kept in the dark. They seem baffled by this spectacle of hatred that threatens to escalate into a new civil war. The Americans are told by their media that this is a race war: White vs. Black, slavery apologists vs. peace loving liberals, White Lives Matters vs. Black Lives Matter and so on. But if Rosenberg is right and this is a war between  the Jews  and the  White Nationalists,  why do the American media attempts to conceal it?If you hate racism, as you should, but also brave enough to look for an answer, you may grasp how volatile the situation is. Those who read Jewish history aren t surprised by the current developments. It has all been building for quite a while.This article was originally published at Gilad Atzmon s blogGilad Atzmon s book Being In Time: A Post Political Manifesto is available now on: Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.com and gilad.co.uk. READ MORE CHARLOTTESVILLE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Charlottesville FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22810,"Ben Carson Home Vandalized with Anti-Trump Graffiti, CNN Accuses Him of Lying","21st Century Wire says The culture wars continue to ramp-up after events in Charlottesville. White House Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Ben Carson reported on Wednesday that his Virginia home was  vandalized by people who also wrote hateful rhetoric about President Trump. We were out of town, but other kind, embarrassed neighbors cleaned up most of the mess before we returned,  he said.Carson issued a statement in which he noted a personal experience of an incident which took place after he and is wife previously purchased a farm in Maryland: One of the neighbors immediately put up a Confederate flag. A friend of ours who is an African-American three-star general was coming to visit and immediately turned around concluding that he was in the wrong place. Interestingly, all the other neighbors immediately put up American flags shaming the other neighbor who took down the Confederate flag. In both instances, less than kind behavior was met by people taking the high road   We could all learn from these examples. Hatred and bigotry unfortunately still exists in our country and we must all continue to fight it, but let s use the right tools. Unfortunately, Carson s comments were met with a cynical and disrespectful response from the divisive gatekeepers at CNN, who proceeded to insult the African-American Republican cabinet minister. Incredibly, CNN s  national political reporter  Maeve Reston implied he was lying, saying  that Carson s  anecdote is worth a FACT-CHECK :This Ben Carson anecdote is worth a fact-check .. https://t.co/CvJSDSkfxW  Maeve Reston (@MaeveReston) August 16, 2017Along with the criminal act of vandalism, CNN s attack on Carson also proves that the New Left in America do not accept the presence of an African-American, or  black  conservative in politics, and will seek to undermine him simply for being in  the wrong party. READ MORE CHARLOTTESVILLE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Charlottesville Files SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22811,Georgia Judge Suspended for Comparing Attack on US Monuments to ISIS Actions,"21st Century Wire says In the wake of the Charlottesville m l e, reactionary  social justice  flash mobs and assorted vigilantes have begun a campaign of attacking and destroying statues and monuments all over the country. The irrational rationale of these activists is that these historic monuments represent oppression and slavery, and therefore they must marked for ceremonial destruction. Watch this scene in Durham, North Carolina this week where, bizarrely, the hysterical mob of  liberal progressive  protesters lines up to take turns kicking the inanimate bronze statue on the ground, after it was pulled down in an impromptu ceremony. This is an emotive crowd, clearly carried away by the political hysteria: Question: Should a small violent, reactionary mob be allowed bypass any sensible public discussion or forum   thereby litigating and dictating history for the rest of the community and country?So this is really happening. George Orwell was a prophet. #Durham #Confederate #Monuments #WrongThink pic.twitter.com/7seUcanqyD  Mark (@markantro) August 17, 2017In many ways, are rapidly heading towards a 1984-style thought police environment now. Viewed from a police state perspective, this contrived disorder is designed to further breakdown social cohesion in American   in effect, finishing the job which Barack Obama started in 2008. This is an invitation for the federal state to then move in with more emergency powers to  restore order . For the populace at large, less rights of expression will be the outcome. While the New Left in American appoints itself as policeman of history, its ranks seem to be more ignorant than ever of it. They fail to note Mao s purge, and other such examples in history. After Charlottesville the Culture Wars have begun.What happened to this judge in Georgia may be a taste of things to come. The culture war has arrived RT International news reports The nut cases tearing down monuments are equivalent to ISIS destroying history,  Judge Jim Hinkle wrote on Facebook Tuesday, the same day protesters in Durham, North Carolina toppled a statue honoring Confederate soldiers.Judge Jim Hinkle suspended:  The nut cases tearing down monuments are equivalent to ISIS destroying history."" https://t.co/xVPslLurWJ pic.twitter.com/BIQcy5bnZ8  Jeffrey Guterman (@JeffreyGuterman) August 16, 2017On Saturday, Hinkle had written that protesters in Charlottesville, Virginia were  snowflakes  with  no concept of history,  as they came to counter a rally of white nationalists who gathered to oppose the planned relocation of a statue to Confederate General Robert E. Lee. In Charlottesville everyone is upset over Robert E. Lee statue,  Hinkle s post said.  It looks like all of the snowflakes have no concept of history. It is what it is. Get over it and move on. Leave history alone   those who ignore history are deemed (sic) to repeat the mistake of the past. That post was written approximately an hour before a car crashed into a group of counter-protesters in Charlottesville, killing a woman and injuring 19 other people. Police have charged the driver, who reportedly took part in the white nationalist rally, with second-degree murder. I have suspended Judge Hinkle effective immediately while I consider the appropriate final action,  Gwinnett County Chief Magistrate Judge Kristina Hammer Blum told The Atlanta Journal-Constitution (AJC) Tuesday.Hinkle told the AJC he didn t  see anything controversial  about the posts. But you know, with the way things are going in the world today, I guess everything s controversial,  he told the outlet Full text of Chief Judge s statement about suspending Judge James Hinkle: pic.twitter.com/WcSe2wQhFg  Tony Thomas (@TonyThomasWSB) August 15, 2017Continue this report at RTREAD MORE CULTURAL MARXISM NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Cultural Marxism FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22812,Boiler Room EP #122 – Charlottesville & The History of Violent Cultural Revolution,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer of Jay s Analysis, Daniel Spaulding from Soul of the East, Infidel Pharaoh and Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributor), for the hundred and twenty second episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing the aftermath of the Charlottesville protests and subsequent vehicle incident that left a woman dead. We examine the media psyops which aim to hoodwink the public into believing that there is a large force of racist neo-Nazis that consist of anyone right-of-center in the political spectrum and to tie them to President Trump. Known strategies of agitation propaganda and violent cultural revolution are analyzed and parallels are made to other events such as the Arab Spring in Egypt and the land rights movement of the Bundy Ranch.Direct Download Episode #122Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22813,"In 2017, America’s liberal abortion agenda looks a lot like Nazi Eugenics","21st Century Wire says Here s an unusual, but extremely thought-provoking political take on the events of last week in Charlottesville in the context of America, and western society as a whole.What you are about to read will be considered very controversial by many people. This is an uncomfortable topic which generally no one enjoys talking about. Many readers may not want to hear it. You may not want to hear it either. It s a caustic conversation for sure. You might think the author is being over-dramatic, or maybe you won t But it s a discussion which at least half of America wants to have.The publication, The Blaze, touts itself as  Christian conservative  and regularly exaggerate and politicizes its content, and frequently applies a moralistic or evangelical spin to it. For those reasons, it would be convenient for some to simply dismiss the article below because of its source. However, the fundamental comparison presented should be seriously considered and really should be discussed more in mainstream forums. In 2017, any challenging commentary regarding the topic of abortion is fiercely opposed by  progressive  gatekeepers, and women s rights activists who will often cite the 1973 US Supreme Court decision of Roe vs Wade as a cue to end any debate on the issue. This subject is also suppressed in most public and academic forums   and it s strictly off-limits in the liberal mainstream corporate media. But society cannot continually sweep this under the rug   America has to have this conversation, because it goes to the heart of the question. What kind of society do we live in ? . By Matt WalshIt was interesting timing. On Monday, CBS published an article touting Iceland s miracle cure for Down syndrome.  Iceland is on pace to virtually eliminate Down syndrome through abortion,  the headline read. Of course, it leaves out an important word. Iceland is eliminating Down syndrome people  not Down syndrome itself by killing anyone who has the condition. Many countries, including our own, have discovered an identical treatment plan.The next day, Oregon was the beneficiary of similarly sanitized headlines. The governor of Oregon signed legislation expanding reproductive health access,  the media reported. But the reports are misleading. The law actually forces all residents in the state to pay for abortions for anyone who wants them, including illegal aliens. The bill has nothing at all to do with reproduction. Its goal is precisely to stop reproduction. Or at least to prevent the products of reproduction from ever seeing the light of day.I said the reports of these atrocities are interestingly timed because they come amidst a national panic over neo-Nazism. We are right to be disgusted and horrified by the few dozen white supremacist losers who carried Tiki torches through Charlottesville on Saturday. And we are right to demand justice for the woman who was killed by a skinhead terrorist during that same rally. But we are ridiculous for acting as if these racist nerds represent some threat to our national existence. Until there is even a shred of proof to the contrary, I am going to remain confident that the vast, vast, vast majority of our citizens do not sympathize with Nazism outright. Even one neo-Nazi is too many. A whole parade of them is a travesty. But we ought not lose our grip on reality. A little perspective is all I m suggesting.Now, the reader may have noted the conspicuous qualifier in the previous paragraph. The majority of our citizens do not sympathize with Nazism outright. Many, however, sympathize with some of the primary goals and most brutal tactics of the Nazi party.  Though they may not think of it in those terms, they still celebrate the achievement of  eliminating  medical conditions by killing the babies who have it, and they applaud governments that  expand reproductive health access  by forcing helpless citizens to fund the mass extermination of human beings. They may not march through the streets waving swastikas around, but they look with indifference or approval at our own version of the Nazi death camp. Indeed, with all due respect to the skinheads who only play pretend Nazi, the spirit of the Nazi movement really lives on in the abortion industry. Planned Parenthood may not hang the Nazi flag on the doors of its clinics, but it has enough blood on its hands to impress even the most prolific concentration camp executioner.I made this point yesterday, and I was informed   even by some  conservative  folk   that it is utterly inappropriate and insensitive for me to make such comparisons, especially when a woman was just killed by a neo-Nazi. Well, I feel terribly for that woman s family and I hope for the swiftest and harshest judgment allowed under the law to be done upon her murderer. But I also feel terribly for the 17,000 or so human beings who were executed in abortion clinics since Saturday, and the 60 million who ve been exterminated since 1973. I don t think there is ever an inappropriate time to acknowledge them, particularly when so many of us have dedicated ourselves to never acknowledging them, and especially during a week when the very people who support the continued legalization and tax funding of abortion death camps are running around accusing everyone else of condoning Nazism.I m sorry, but I just cannot physically stomach a  You should be more forceful in condemning Nazism  lecture from someone who has spent the last 40 years demanding that we applaud while millions of people have their skulls crushed by abortionists. Even less can I tolerate someone who wants to protect the innocent by tearing down historical statues, but cries about human rights violations when someone vandalizes a building where actual human beings are butchered and sold for parts.I do not pretend that all of the political goals of the pro-abortion left line up completely with the political goals of Nazis in 1940 s Germany. There are some striking similarities   particularly the politicization of  public health,  the focus on environmental conservation, and the total disregard for free speech   but that is not the point. I say that abortion enthusiasts have the spirit of Nazism because that spirit is, more than anything, one of brutality, moral indifference, and absolute disregard for human life. It is a spirit that leads to mass exterminations and bloodshed on a scale that can hardly be fathomed. It is a spirit that compels a people to strive for collective perfection by killing the undesirables. Nazis exterminated the disabled, just as we do. And they killed Jews and Poles and Catholics and many other groups. Our focus is not racial cleansing but economic. We kill poor children,  unwanted  children,  defective  children; children who, we ve decided, will be more trouble than they re worth. They are a  burden on society,  we say, echoing Nazi propaganda almost verbatim.And we build facilities which we dedicate to carrying out this cleansing. The Nazi death camp was never abolished, you see. It was simply relocated and rebranded. Today we call it a  reproductive health clinic,  but what happens inside more closely resembles Auschwitz than it does your pediatrician s office.So, yes, speak out against those ridiculous bigots who ve latched onto Nazism in their desperate quest for purpose and attention. But if you want to oppose what they stand for, you need to look beyond them and towards that Planned Parenthood clinic you drive by every day on the way to work. And if those Nazi wannabes in Charlottesville intend to be the ones in our country who best emulate their Nazi role models, it must be said that they are lagging far behind, especially in terms of body counts. Right now the tally is about 60 million to one, last I checked.They have a lot of catching up to do.This article was originally published at The Blaze. To see more from Matt Walsh, visit his channel here.READ MORE ALT RIGHT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ALT RIGHT FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22814,Charlottesville and the Problem of Left & Right Identity Politics in America,". By Gilad AtzmonIn my recent book Being in Time   a Post Political Manifesto, I pointed out that the West and America in particular have been led into a disastrous Identity (ID) clash. This week in Virginia we saw a glimpse of it.In the book I argue that the transition from traditional Left ideology into New Left politics can be understood as the aggressive advocacy of sectarian and divisive ideologies. While the old Left made an effort to unite us all: gays, blacks, Jews or Whites into a political struggle against capital, the New Left has managed to divide us into ID sectors. We are trained to speak  as a :  as a Jew,   as a black,   as a Lesbian.  The new left has taught us to identify with our biology, with our gender, sex orientation and our skin colour, as long as it isn t  White  of course.In Being in Time, I noted that it was a question of time before White people would also decide to identify with their biology. And this is exactly what we saw in Virginia last weekend.Tragically, ID politics is a very dangerous political game. It is designed to pull people apart. It is there to introduce conflict and division. ID politics doesn t offer a harmonious vision of society as a whole. Quite the opposite, it leads to an increasingly fractured social reality. Take, for instance, the continuous evolution of the LGBT group. It is constantly expanding to include more and more sectarian sexually oriented social subgroupings (LGBTQ, LGBTQAI and even LGBTQIAP ).In the New Left social reality, we, the people are shoved into ID ghettos that are defined by our biology: skin colour, sexual orientation, the Jewish mother, etc.Instead of what we need to do: fight together against big money, the bankers, the megacorporations, we fight each other, we learn to hate each other. We even drive our cars over each other.I am opposed to all forms of ID politics, whether it is White, Black, Jewish, Gender or sex oriented. But, obviously if Jews, Gays and others are entitled to identify with their  biology , white people are entitled to do the same. I think that universalism is what we used to call it when we still cared about intellectual integrity.The problem created by ID politics is extremely grave.ID politics doesn t offer a prospect of peace and harmony. Within the context of ID politics, we cannot envisage a peaceful resolution of the current ID clash. Can anyone foresee the LGBT community embracing KKK activists into their notion of  diverse society?  The same can be said about the KKK, are they going to open their gates to cultural Marxists?ID politics equals ID clash, an irreconcilable conflict with no end, the complete destruction of American and, to a certain extent, Western civilisation.  This may explain why George Soros and his open society are invested in this battle. As long as the working people are fighting each other, no one bothers to challenge the root cause of our current dystopia, namely the banks, global capitalism, wall street, Mammonism and so on.The remedy is clear. America and the West must, at once, break away from all forms of ID politics. Instead of celebrating that which separates us, we must seek what unites and makes us into one people.  I am advocating a radical spiritual, ideological and metaphysical transition. Whether or not we like to admit it, these moments of unity are often invoked by waves of patriotism, nationalism and religious figures. But they could also be inspired by the spirit of justice, equality compassion and love.  Neither the New Left or the Alt Right offers any of the above. They are equally invested in Identitarian ideologies. The electoral success of Trump, Corbyn and even Sanders or Le Pen points at a general human fatigue.  Readiness for change is in the air.This article was originally published at Gilad Atzmon s blog(An excerpt from Being in Time   a Post Political Manifesto  pg. 49) The Identitarian Shift & the Primacy of the Symptom  ID politics manifests itself as a set of group identification strategies. It subdues the  I  in favour of symbolic identifiers: the ring on the appropriate ear, the nose stud, the type of skullcap, the colour of the scarf and so on.Within the ID political cosmos, newly emerging  tribes  (gays, lesbians, Jews, Blacks, Whites,vegans, etc.) are marched into the desert, led towards an appealing  promised land , where the primacy of the symptom (gender, sexual orientation, ethnicity, skin colour etc.) is supposed to evolve into a world in itself. But this liberal utopia is in practice a sectarian and segregated amalgam of ghettos that are blind to each other. It has nothing in common with the promised universal, inclusive cosmos. The personal is political,  as the common feminists and liberal preachers have disseminated since the 1960s, is a phrase designed to disguise the obvious; the personal is actually the antithesis of the political. It is, in fact, the disparity between the personal and the political that makes humanism into an evolving exchange known as history. Within the Identitarian discourse, the so-called  personal  replaces true and genuine individualism with phony group identification   it suppresses all sense of authenticity, rootedness and belonging, in favour of a symbolism and imaginary collectivism that is supported by rituals and empty soundbites.Why are we willing to subject ourselves to politics based on biology, and who wrote this new theology found in pamphlets and in the growing numbers of ID Studies textbooks? Is there a contemporaneous God? And who created the  pillar of cloud  we are all to follow?It is clear that elements within the New Left, together with Jewish progressives and liberal intelligentsia, have been at the heart of the formation of the ideological foundation of ID politics. At least traditionally, both Jewish liberals and the Left were associated with opposition to any form of exclusive political agenda based on biology or ethnicity. Yet, one may wonder why does the New Left espouse such an exclusivist, sectarian and biologically driven agenda?Gilad Atzmon s book Being In Time: A Post Political Manifesto is available now on: Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.com and gilad.co.uk. READ MORE ALT RIGHT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ALT RIGHT FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22815,Lavrov to Trump: ‘Do Not Attack Venezuela’,"21st Century Wire says Last Friday, President Donald Trump appears to have temporarily lost his mind by suggesting that the US may act militarily against Venezuela. The rationale (or irrationale) seems to be that (US-backed) protests against the rule of President Nicolas Maduro are destabilizing the country and therefore, the US must intervene if Maduro does not  go . It was shades of the last 7 years of US and western anti-Syrian  regime change  rhetoric. Washington will not stand by as Venezuela crumbles,  he said.Vice President Mike Pence is on a four-nation Latin American tour, where he expressed his concern that Venezuela will trigger regional instability in South America.Meanwhile, other Latin America countries have now rallied around Venezuela after Trump s off-handed comments. This has been somewhat of an own goal by Trump who seems to have now united Latin America in support of Venezuela   and against the United States.Venezuela foreign minister, Jorge Arreaza, urged Venezuelans to resist America s  insolent foreign aggression . The reckless threats of President Donald Trump aim to drag  Latin America and the Caribbean into a conflict which would permanently alter the stability, the peace and the security of our region,  said Arreaza.To compound Washington s problems on the issue, Russia has now also weighed in The DuranSergey Lavrov, the Russian Foreign Minister was speaking with his Bolivian counterpart when the issue of Venezuela arose. Bolivia is one of Venezuela s closest regional allies along with Cuba.Sergey Lavrov responded to threats made by Donald Trump against Caracas when the US President threatened the use of military action against the oil rich South American country. Venezuela has called Trump s threats  crazy  and a threat to the sovereignty of the country.Today, Lavrov stated: We are united in the need to overcome the existing disagreements in the country by peaceful means through a nationwide dialogue as soon as possible, without any external pressure, not to mention the unacceptability of the threats of military intervention in the internal affairs of this country .Recently Mercosur, a bloc of nations covering the majority of South America condemned any attempts by the US to stage a war against Venezuela. This included countries who themselves have disagreements with Caracas. Today, Lavrov cited this as an example of widespread opposition to any war on Venezuela.READ MORE: South America opposes Trump s military threat against VenezuelaThis is Russia s strongest condemnation of the threat of war against Venezuela to-date.READ MORE VENEZUELA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22816,INTERVIEW: Did the ‘Alt Right’ Die in Charlottesville?,"The events in Charlottesville have shaken the American political scene.21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen speaks to Sputnik Radio about the tragic incident which took place this past weekend in Charlottesville, Virginia.Was the car incident really a  terrorist attack  as it s been portrayed in numerous leftist media outlets? That assessment seems very premature based on available forensics, and prior to a real police investigation and criminal trial. Are violent radical leftist  Antifa  flash mob protesters also culpable for the street chaos   and the casualties that ensued? Are the city and state police also responsible for allowing violent clashes to take place? On the question of Trump and the Alt Right, Henningsen said the while it s senseless to blame the President for the events of the weekend, it s possible that,  the Alt Right may have died in Charlottesville,  and may be unable to overcome the stigma of now being associated with NeoNazis, David Duke, and a dead protestor. This also relates to the current hysterical Left vs. Right hyper-partisan media environment in America which is crippling the national conversation. The program also discusses the difficulties faced by a radical internet-based political subculture when interfacing with real world people and politics.All this and more in this radio interview:. READ MORE ALT RIGHT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ALT RIGHT FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22817,North Korea: Will World War III Kick Off This Week?,"by Neil Clark for RTOf course, in State Department-friendly Western media, it s North Korea and its leadership who are routinely portrayed as the nut jobs. But you don t have to carry a torch for the North Korean government or be a card-carrying member of the Kim Jong-un Appreciation Society to acknowledge that the country s leadership has actually been behaving very rationally. Because recent history tells us that the best way to deter an attack from the US and its allies is not to disarm, dress up as John Lennon and make statements about how much you desire peace, but to do the exact opposite.The crisis on the Korean Peninsula is due to the actions of a rogue state ruled by madmen with nukes. This rogue state is of course the USA. https://t.co/A0JynTPlSy  John Wight (@JohnWight1) August 11, 2017Consider what happened to Yugoslavia, Iraq and Libya. Like the DPRK, all three were US  target states . And all three were destroyed and their leaders killed. Do we honestly think these countries would have been attacked had they possessed nukes or missiles that could reach US targets? Of course not.  Detailed analysis of these conflicts shows us that the Empire gets its way through a mixture of bluff followed by the use of military force, but only when it believes the risks are minimal, or non-existent. If it believes the risks are too high, it backs off and starts talking about the need for  dialogue  and  diplomacy .To understand how the global hegemon acts in the international arena we don t need to study huge academic textbooks, only remember what happens in the school playground.In 1999, Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic not only lacked ICBMs, but strong international allies who were prepared to stand by his country in its hour of need. Even though the Russian military were champing at the bit to help their historical Slavic allies in Belgrade, Yeltsin and the ruling elite in Russia were purportedly given financial inducements to stay out. Whether or not that is true, a new IMF loan was conveniently agreed just a week after NATO began its illegal aerial bombing campaign.The US only expected military action to last a few days before  Slobo  would cave in and accept the Western military alliance s right to occupy mineral-rich Kosovo and have free unhindered access over the whole of Yugoslavia. I don t see this as a long-term operation. I think this is something that is achievable within a relatively short space of time, boasted Secretary of State Madeline Albright.But Slobo and the stoical Serbs did not cave in. As the bombing campaign continued, splits began to emerge in NATO between the hawks, comprised of the US and Britain, and the countries from continental Europe who favored dialogue with Belgrade.On April 15, 1999, the Guardian reported that American officials rejected a six-point German peace plan which included a 24-hour bombing pause, a United Nations peacekeeping force and civilian monitors. It went on to note how British Prime Minister Tony Blair also gave the plan a polite cold shoulder. NATO atrocities, such as the killing of 16 civilians in the bombing of Serbian State Television   a clear war crime   and the bombing of a passenger train and a convoy of Kosovan Albanians, were beginning to turn public opinion against the  humanitarian  operation. With the war not going to plan, it was time once again for the US to make threats. To increase the pressure on Milosevic- the Yugoslav President was indicted as a war criminal, a process I described here.In addition, hints were made that NATO was planning a ground invasion. President Clinton declared on 18th May 1999 that he would not take any option off the table. Victor Chernomyrdin, Yeltsin s envoy, flew to Belgrade to persuade Milosevic to accept NATO s terms   or face an escalation of the war.But would there really have been boots on the ground or was it one big bluff? Evidence suggests the latter. NATO s supreme commander Wesley Clark revealed in his memoirs that the Alliance s top political leaders had reached no consensus over sending in ground troops. And would NATO have gotten away with intensifying its air campaign? Clark also admitted that by mid-May, NATO had gone about as far as possible with the air strikes. I m sure that seven years later, as he lay in his prison cell a sick man, denied the proper medical treatment which his heart condition required, Milosevic regretted not saying  nyet  to Chernomyrdin in 1999 and calling Washington s bluff.Four years later it was the turn of oil-rich Iraq to be attacked.Saddam Hussein and his Deputy Prime Minister Tariq Aziz repeatedly told the world s media that their country possessed no WMDs.They were accused of lying by western neocons, but the endless war lobby knew the Iraqi leadership was telling the truth. Saddam s country was attacked not because it possessed weapons of mass destruction, but because it didn t. With its air defenses severely weakened after years of Allied bombing, and its own air force decimated in the first Gulf War, Iraq was a sitting duck.  Bush and Blair lied about the country being a threat  and 1m Iraqis eventually died.Over in oil-rich Libya, Muammar Gaddafi drew absolutely the wrong conclusions about what had happened to Iraq. Eagerly seeking the end of US sanctions on his country, he foolishly agreed in December 2003 to eliminate his WMDs program. He should have reacted to  Shock and Awe  by building up his arsenal, but instead, falling for the silver-tongued promises of Western leaders who were going to end his country s isolation, he did the opposite.George W. Bush hailed his decision as a wise and sensible choice. Tony Blair, for his part, said: This courageous decision by Colonel Gaddafi is an historic one. I applaud it. It will make the region and the world more secure. But of course, it didn t. It only paved the way for the destruction of Gaddafi s country by the same countries whose leaders had hailed him as  wise  and  sensible  a few years earlier.Again, I m sure that eight years later, as Gaddafi lay in his underground hideout, trying to escape capture from US-backed  rebels (who eventually killed him in the most brutal way imaginable), he bitterly regretted his decision to disarm.Which brings us back to North Korea.It s clear that Kim Jong-un has seen what happened to Milosevic, Saddam and Gaddafi and the devastation wreaked on their countries and acted accordingly. North Korea s strategy is clearly based on the belief, borne out by events described above, that the US is a bully which only attacks the weak. Thus, saber-rattling and generally playing a  high line  is the best way to avoid attack. We must remember too that North Korea lost around 1m people in the Korean War 1950-53, many from an intensive US bombing campaign.#bbcpm discussing Trump's constitutional authority to attack N. Korea. International law, of course, is not even mentioned.  David Traynier   (@DTraynier) August 11, 2017 We  need nukes to defend ourselves from attack, but it is deemed totally outrageous if countries in the global south, which  we  threaten on a routine basis, seek to acquire such weapons for the same reason.To deter a US attack, North Korea, or indeed any other country in the line of fire, has to convince the serial warmongers in Washington that the cost of launching such an assault would be too high. Being  nice  and singing  Give Peace a Chance  won t cut the mustard. Remember that John Lennon, who wrote and sang that song, lost his life from a gunshot.While Saddam implored the West,  Believe me, I have no WMDs,  Kim Jong-un has done the exact opposite and talked up his country s capabilities. However, Kim knows that words alone are not enough; he also needs to demonstrate that North Korean projectiles can be a threat to the US. Hence the announcement on Wednesday that it was  carefully considering  a plan to fire four missiles into the sea off the island of Guam, home to two US bases.https://twitter.com/PaddyBriggs/status/895547451381346305Of course, Pyongyang s strategy is high risk, especially with such a volatile individual as Donald Trump   who seems desperate to earn neocon approval to avoid a possible impeachment   in The White House.Recent history though suggests that North Korea, by keeping its fists clenched and continuing to indulge in missile  willy-waving  is doing absolutely the right thing. The big lesson of the last thirty years is surely that deterrence works. If you re a  target state  and can t deter the warmongers in Washington, you re in grave danger. Just ask the ghosts of Slobodan Milosevic, Saddam Hussein and Muammar Gaddafi.***Follow Neil Clark @NeilClark66READ MORE NORTH KOREA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire North Korea FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22818,SUNDAY SCREENING: ‘The War on Democracy’ (2007),"21st Century Wire says Each week, 21WIRE will curate a series of informative documentary films designed to educate and enlighten our readers about many of the key issues facing people worldwide. The War on Democracy  is one of award-winning Australian filmmaker John Pilger s most intimate film creations. In this film, Pilger takes an inside look at the Hugo Chavez epoch in Venezuela, the CIA coups and fascist takeover in Chile, as well as the American derailment of El Salvador, Guatemala and Bolivia. Pilger also traces the modern origins of the  death squad . The film delicately chronicles the issues facing the people of South America before, during and after the brutal CIA years.Watch this powerful documentary production:Run time: 1:34:00 Directors: John Pilger, Christopher Martin Producers: Christopher Martin, Wayne Young Editor: Joe Frost United Kingdom/ Australia (2007)SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22819,"Charlottesville: Far Left vs Far Right Clashes, With One Person Dead","21st Century WireYesterday, violence broke out in Charlottesville, Virginia, when far-left direct action  group Antifa organized a flash mob to disrupt another demonstration organized by Unite the Right. At least one person was killed and many others injured after a car hit a crowd of anti-fascist protesters in an alley way off a the high street.Controversial right-wing coalition Unite the Right gathered on Saturday to protest to the planned removal of a statue of the Civil War Confederate General Robert E. Lee from a local park. They were met by hundreds of  counter-protesters  from extremist left-wing Antifa  antifascist  group who descended on the event. State riot police reinforcements and the Virginia National Guard were called into to quell any unrest, although it s clear they had no control over crowds   and numerous reports indicate that police actually stood down and allowed violence to take place. As police began to disperse protesters, hundreds of Antifa agitators were then funneled into the surrounding streets. This led to a three car, rear end pile-up in which the third and last car apparently struck a number of pedestrians, said to be Antifa protesters, leaving at least 1 dead and many more injured.Police have arrested the alleged driver of the third vehicle, 20 yr-old James Alex Fields Jr. of Maumee, Ohio. He is charged with second-degree murder for the alleged intentional running-over of street demonstrators and also failure to stop after being involved in a collision. It is not yet exactly clear whether or not the driver s actions were politically motivated.21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen spoke with RT International giving live commentary as the story broke  SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22820,"Trump Isn’t Going to Invade Venezuela, But What US is Planning Could Be Much Worse","Andrew Korybko The DuranTrump was more aggressive than usual yesterday when he said that he s not ruling out a  military option  in Venezuela, and the international media went haywire speculating that the President was considering an invasion. Nothing justifies what Trump said, but taking aside all moral considerations, his statement shouldn t have been surprising, and interestingly enough, it might even backfire on him.All US Presidents routinely restate the rhetoric that  all options are on the table  when dealing with the crises that their country provoked abroad, which in this case is the Hybrid War on Venezuela that seeks to attain proxy control over the world s largest oil reserves in the Orinoco River Belt and smash the socialist-multipolar ALBA grouping.Venezuela s preexisting socio-political vulnerabilities and institutional weaknesses were exploited by the US  economic machinations against the country in order to trigger a Color Revolution against the government. When that failed, the regime change movement transformed into an urban insurgency and recently expanded its operations by staging a terrorist attack against a military base in the central part of the country.It s very likely that the situation will devolve into an externally triggered  civil war  with the eventual intent of sparking a military coup attempt against President Maduro, but the odds of the US directly intervening in this scenario are slim. Rather, Trump s threatened  military option  probably relates to the  Lead From Behind  role that the US is slated to play in using Colombia as its regional partner for funneling weapons and other forms of assistance to the  moderate rebels  in Venezuela just as it used Turkey to do vis-a-vis Syria for the past six years. Additionally, it can be confidently assumed that the CIA is hard at work trying to engineer its desired military coup, though the chances of its success are unlikely unless the Hybrid War becomes a full-fledged externally triggered  civil war  like in Syria. These two interconnected reasons explain what Trump meant by refusing to rule out a  military option , though there s admittedly the extreme case that can t be discounted whereby a  humanitarian intervention  of varying scale is unleashed in the final stages of the crisis in order to decisively topple the government at its weakest moment.No matter what the US ultimately does or doesn t do, however, Trump s braggadocious statement might actually backfire on him by increasing President Maduro s appeal among the on-the-fence members of the so-called  opposition . It s one thing to detest an elected leader and hope for his downfall, but it s another to actively support the foreign invasion of one s country by the hemisphere s traditional hegemon, especially given the US  bloody history of military activity in the Americas across the past century.Trump s comments therefore put the US  regime change proxies in a bind because they re now caught in a dilemma between supporting what the world at large perceives to be a threat to invade their country or to support its legitimate leader whom they ve been rioting against for months already. The average anti-government supporter can be presumed to be equally against Maduro, a speculated US invasion of their country, and the  opposition s  riots, wanting only to hold snap elections in the hope of peacefully carrying out regime change.They ve been backing the  opposition  up until this point, however, because they saw them as the  least-bad  option available, but Trump s implied military threat essentially exposes them in acting as the tip of the spear in a possible invasion, seeing as how the chaotic  civil war  conditions in which the US could conventionally intervene in Venezuela would be due to their intensified Hybrid War actions.This fact should rightly give pause to self-identifying  patriotic opposition  members and prompt them to reconsider their  least-bad  normative assessment that they previously gave to the  opposition . If they engage in some serious self-reflection, they ll see that it s actually President Maduro who s the  least bad  of the two, and that the best way to achieve their objective of regime change is to begrudgingly wait until the next democratic vote is scheduled to be held.Continuing to throw one s weight behind the  opposition  at this point is tantamount to openly supporting the steps that are needed to create the conditions for Trump s media-hyped  military options  against their country, up to and including a  humanitarian intervention . It s not known what proportion of the  opposition  satisfies the  patriotic  criteria that these points would apply to, but if their numbers are large enough, then their passive  defection  from the anti-government movement s ranks in response to Trump s threat could deal a blow to the regime change effort.On the other hand, and approaching the subject from a cynical angle as the  devil s advocate , it might not tangibly change much at all if the US already has its mind dead-set on escalating the Hybrid War on Venezuela to a Syrian-like level, though it would nevertheless represent an important moral victory for the legitimate government by further exposing the  opposition s  treasonous connivance with the US.In any case, regardless of what Trump really meant in his  military options  comment and despite whatever the  patriotic opposition  members decide to do, all indications suggest that Venezuela is at a fateful turning point and that the coming weeks will decide its future for what might end up being the years to come.*** Author and geopolitical analyst Andrew Korybko and contributor to 21st Century Wire. He studied international relations at the Moscow State University of International Relations (MGIMO), and is as a member of the expert council for the Institute of Strategic Studies and Predictions at the People s Friendship University of Russia. He also works as a current affairs writer for Sputnik News and is host of  Trend Storm  on Sputnik Radio. His book,  Hybrid Wars: The Indirect Adaptive Approach To Regime Change , extensively analyzes the situations in Syria and Ukraine and claims to prove that they represent a new model of strategic warfare being waged by the US.DISCLAIMER: The author writes for this publication in a private capacity which is unrepresentative of anyone or any organization except for his own personal views. Nothing written by the author should ever be conflated with the editorial views or official positions of any other media outlet or institution.READ MORE VENEZUELA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22821,"Boiler Room – #UniteTheRight Coverage with Hesher, Andy Nowicki, Patrick Henningsen, FunkS0ul & Randy J","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR host Hesher and along side Andy Nowicki (the Alt Right Novelist) reporting LIVE from the #UniteTheRight rally in VA, Patrick Henningsen of 21st Century Wire and FunkSoul & Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for this special broadcast of BOILER ROOM.Today on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is having an emergency meeting to cover Andy Nowicki s experience at the Unite The Right rally in VA. Hesher, FunkSoul, Randy J and Patrick Henningsen were also covering the live updates of the news scene at the very same rally, where several cars were involved in a hit and run style event that ended with multiple injuries and fatalities reported.Direct Download Episode #121Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22822,Google is the Engine of Censorship,"21st Century Wire says Late last year, search engine giant Google announced its plans to protect users from the horrors of  fake news  by changing the way it presents search results. According to corporate officials, they hope to shelter  readers by limiting access to what the company deems as  low-quality  information   while promoting what it calls  established  mainstream sources. Critics believe that the company, which now has a virtual monopoly on internet traffic, is now playing god over the info-sphere. While its known that Eric Schmidt, the head of Google s parent company, Alphabet Inc, is regular attendee at the annual secretive Bilderberg meeting which charters the globalist agenda, not much is known about new Google CEO Sundar Pichai and what his personal ideology is, or whether he personally believes that Google s role is to control what the public think about any given issue by fixing the search results on the world s number one search engine. Judging by the culture of conformity at Google, it s not likely that Pichai would be allowed to express any dissenting views if he had them.As 21WIRE pointed out last week regarding the controversy over the recent Google Memo and the firm dismissing employees who are seen to divert from the company s prescribed group think, this same repressive political culture at Google is reflected in its broad new automated censorship program administered by algorithms on its Google search engine   a bold move which effectively disappears political views and articles it does not like, and wishes to bury.Watch this segment from RT America, with guest Andre Damon, editor of the World Socialist Web Site, to explain why he believes his site and other alternative sources are being unfairly targeted in Google s new reordering of visible information through its portal. Watch: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22823,Trump Thanks Putin for Slashing US Embassy Staff: ‘It Cut Our Payroll’,"21st Century Wire says Speaking to reporters from his summer golf retreat in New Jersey, President Donald Trump publicly thanked Russian leader Vladimir Putin for previously ordering the US to slash its embassy staff in Moscow and close two of its storage facilities there. Much to the chagrin of the adversarial media, Trump crowed, that Putin has helped him achieve a  smaller payroll. Last month 21WIRE reported how Russia ordered Washington to remove 755 its 1,200 US embassy staff in Moscow as part of a retaliatory diplomatic tit-for-tat after the US leveled another round of sanctions against Russia. I want to thank him because we re trying to cut down our payroll and as far as I m concerned I m very thankful that he let go of a large number of people,  said Trump.Meanwhile, it emerged this week that FBI special counsel Robert Mueller ordered a pre-dawn raid on former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, seizing personal documents and equipment.Trump told reporters,  They do that very seldom. I was surprised to see it,  and  I thought it was a very strong signal. Sympathising with Manafort s situation, he added that the raid was a  pretty tough stuff. Trump also went on to comment on the North Korea situation and defensed his previous comments against the regime in Pyongyang.Watch the full press conference here: . READ MORE RUSSIAGATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22824,Boiler Room EP #121 – Google vs The Red Pill & The Great Witch Hunt,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and (Virtual) Spore along side Daniel Spaulding from Soul of the East, Andy Nowicki (the Alt Right Novelist) and FunkSoul & Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for the hundred and twenty first episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing a future dystopia full of sex robots that come complete with  shy  mode artificial intelligence aspects, Daniel Spaulding joins for an update on American swamp politics and to scoff away the  North Korea is a nuclear threat  propaganda. FunkSoul and Andy Nowicki bring their brands of analysis to the James Damore story and more.Direct Download Episode #121Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22825,Revealed: Loretta Lynch Given Talking Points for Secret Clinton ‘Tarmac Meeting’,"21st Century Wire says Clearly, below the surface of current events, the 2016 election process is still ongoing, and a partisan war is going on for control of the White House. This latest news could very well be used as a bargaining chip by Trump s faction behind the scenes.Obama Attorney General Loretta Lynch claims her secret meeting with Bill Clinton was about  golf and grand kids. It seems like this was simply part of her prepared talking points, which would indicate that Lynch was lying to the public about the true nature of that crucial conversation ABC15 PhoenixPHOENIX   Newly released documents reveal former Attorney General Loretta Lynch was prepared for questions about the now-infamous tarmac meeting at Sky Harbor International Airport with former President Bill Clinton.The private meeting happened in Phoenix on the evening of June 27, 2016, a matter of hours before the Obama Department of Justice decision on whether then-presidential candidate Hillary Clinton had revealed classified information when using a private email account while secretary of state.ABC15 s Christopher Sign broke the story of the tarmac meeting two days later, prompting a chain of events that would include an unprecedented news conference by then-FBI Director James Comey.Documents reveal Department of Justice staffers were given a  heads-up  that ABC15 had learned about the meeting, and assisted the Attorney General on how to address any potential questions from reporters Large portions of the hundreds of emails have been redacted, but what remains gives rare insight into the crisis-mode reaction by the DOJ. At least ten high-level staffers were involved in an e-mail chain discussing how to handle the situation, crafting talking points for the Attorney General Continue this exclusive story at ABC15READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22826,Confirmed: FBI Raids Home of Former Trump Manager Paul Manafort,"21st Century Wire says It s been confirmed that the FBI did conduct a predawn raid of the home of former Trump campaign manager Paul Manafort, in early hours of July 26th   without prior warning.FBI agents working with special counsel Robert Mueller executed a search warrant and seized  various records  and equipment from Manafort s Virginia residency.Manafort s spokesman, Jason Maloni, told The Guardian:  FBI agents executed a search warrant at one of Mr Manafort s residences. Mr Manafort has consistently cooperated with law enforcement and other serious inquiries and did so on this occasion as well. This is a criminal investigation,  said former Superior Court Judge and FOX News legal analyst Andrew Napolitano.The move by FBI suggests that the probe is extending outward, in the agency s effort to try and tie President Trump to the Russia investigation.WATCH:FBI Raids Manafort Home Its Confirmed   This is a Criminal Investigation https://t.co/FHOqSB139I  Judge Napolitano (@Judgenap) August 9, 2017READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22827,"Buchanan on Trump: After the Coup, What Then?"," By Patrick J. BuchananThat the Trump presidency is bedeviled is undeniable.As President Donald Trump flew off for August at his Jersey club, there came word that Special Counsel Robert Mueller III had impaneled a grand jury and subpoenas were going out to Trump family and campaign associates.The jurors will be drawn from a pool of citizens in a city Hillary Clinton swept with 91 percent of the vote. Trump got 4 percent.Whatever indictments Mueller wants, Mueller gets.Thanks to a media that savages him ceaselessly, Trump is down to 33 percent approval in a Quinnipiac University poll and below 40 percent in most of the rest.Before Trump departed D.C., The Washington Post ran transcripts of his phone conversations with the leaders of Mexico and Australia.Even Obama administration veterans were stunned.So, it is time to ask: If this city brings Trump down, will the rest of America rejoice?What will be the reaction out there in fly-over country, that land where the  deplorables  dwell who produce the soldiers to fight our wars? Will they toast the  free press  that brought down the president they elected, and in whom they had placed so much hope?My guess: The reaction will be one of bitterness, cynicism, despair, a sense that the fix is in, that no matter what we do, they will not let us win. If Trump is brought down, American democracy will take a pasting. It will be seen as a fraud. And the backlash will poison our politics to where only an attack from abroad, like 9/11, will reunite us.Our media preen and posture as the defenders of democracy, devoted to truth, who provide us round-the-clock protection from tyranny. But half the nation already sees the media as a propaganda arm of a liberal establishment that the people have rejected time and again.Consider the Post s publication of the transcripts of Trump s calls with Mexico s president and Australia s prime minister.When reporter Greg Miller got these transcripts, his editors, knowing they would damage Trump, plastered them on Page 1.The Post was letting itself be used by a leaker engaged in disloyal and possibly criminal misconduct. Yet the Post agreed to provide confidentiality and to hide the Trump-hater s identity.This is what we do, says the Post. People have a right to know if President Trump says one thing at rallies about Mexico paying for the wall and another to the president of Mexico. This is a story.But there is a far larger story here, of which this Post piece is but an exhibit. It is the story of a concerted campaign, in which the anti-Trump media publish leaks, even criminal leaks, out of the FBI, CIA, NSA and NSC, to bring down a president whom the Beltway media and their deep-state collaborators both despise and wish to destroy.Did Trump collude with Putin to defeat Clinton, the Beltway media demand to know, even as they daily collude with deep-state criminals to bring down the president of the United States.And if there is an unfolding silent coup by the regime Americans repudiated in 2016   to use security leaks and the lethal weapon of a special counsel to overturn the election results   is that not a story worth covering as much as what Trump said to Pena Nieto?Do the people not have a right know who are the snakes collaborating with the Never-Trump press to bring down their head of state? Is not discovering the identities of deep-state felons a story that investigative reporters should be all over?If Greg Miller is obligated to protect his source, fine. But why are other journalists not exposing his identity?The answer suggests itself. This is a collaborative enterprise, where everyone protects everyone else s sources, because all have the same goal: the dumping of Trump. If that requires collusion with criminals, so be it.The Justice Department is now running down the leaks, and the ACLU s Ben Wizner is apoplectic:  Every American should be concerned about the Trump administration s threat to step up its efforts against whistleblowers and journalists. A crackdown on leaks is a crackdown on the free press and on democracy. That s one way to put it. Another is that some of these  whistleblowers  are political criminals who reject the verdict of the American electorate in 2016 and are out to overturn it. And the aforementioned  journalists  are their enablers and collaborators.And if, as Wizner s asserts, protecting secrets is tantamount to a  crackdown on the free press and democracy,  no wonder the free press and democracy are falling into disrepute all over the world.By colluding, the mainstream media, deep state, and the special prosecutor s button men, with a license to roam, may bring down yet another president. So doing, they will validate John Adams s insight: Democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts, and murders itself. There never was a democracy yet that did not commit suicide. This story was originally published at Lew Rockwell.comAuthor Patrick J. Buchanan is co-founder and editor of The American Conservative. He is also the author of Where the Right Went Wrong, and Churchill, Hitler, and the Unnecessary War. His latest book is Nixon s White House Wars: The Battles That Made and Broke a President and Divided America Forever See his website. READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22828,Fiore: Bundy Ranch Case Drags on Because ‘FBI Has No Evidence to Prosecute Them With’,"21st Century Wire says Nevada Assemblywoman Michele Fiore reports for Newsmax TV in Las Vegas, about the ongoing federal trial involving rancher Cliven Bundy and his family. In this video report, Fiore claims to have new  inside information  regarding the federal criminal case which continues to be extended by federal authorities, and where Bundy and his family have been held in federal custody for over 18 months now.According to Fiore, the FBI actually have no evidence to prosecute the Bundys ( based on a raft of inflated charges piled into the original federal complaint here: 298981770-Criminal-Complaint-re-Cliven-Bundy-pdf ), and are relying solely on pressuring fringe actors in the case who are also in custody, in order that they might testify against the Bundys.If Fiore s claims are true, then this could mean good news for the family. Meanwhile, the public must wait and see what will happen next. WATCH: .STAY TUNED FOR MORE UPDATES.READ MORE BUNDY RANCH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bundy Ranch FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22829,"As Predicted, Google Fires Man Who Complained About Firm’s Repressive Political Culture","21st Century Wire says Earlier in the week, 21WIRE reported about the Google employee who released a controversial 3,000 word memo which went internally viral   complaining about the Silicon Valley tech giant s  ideological echo chamber    a repressive, intolerant corporate cultural where political correctness rules, and which only caters to the leftist  progressive  side of the political paradigm. Any other viewpoints or opinions will not be tolerated at Google. The man who wrote the memo as a Google engineer named James Damore, has since been fired for voicing his opinions on the company s politics.As a result of the employee blowing the whistle on this issue, other Google employees, like one Jaana B. Dogan (see tweet below), appear to have threatened to leave the company in protest if Human Resources did not retaliate against the political whistleblower:Google staffer Dogan then goes further, and mocks Damore, by hurling slurs based on racial identity politics:Of course, the irony (not surprisingly, unknown to those at Google) is that Dogan and others  knee-jerk political reaction only proved James Damore s point   that Google has fostered an insular, political and intellectual ghetto which does not tolerate any variance away for the prevailing group-think de jour. In the video released last weekend by YouTube gamer pundit, Mister Metokur, the commentator predicted that,  the person who wrote that memo is probably going to be fired.   Mister Metokur was right. But there s an even bigger aspect to this story Why is all this important? Because that same repressive political culture at Google is reflected in how it programs the new censorship algorithms of its search engine   effectively disappearing political views and articles it does not like, and wishes to bury. Bloomberg Business reports:Alphabet Inc. s Google has fired an employee who wrote an internal memo blasting the web company s diversity policies, creating a firestorm across Silicon Valley.James Damore, the Google engineer who wrote the note, confirmed his dismissal in an email, saying that he had been fired for  perpetuating gender stereotypes.  He said he s  currently exploring all possible legal remedies. The imbroglio at Google is the latest in a long string of incidents concerning gender bias and diversity in the tech enclave. Uber Technologies Inc. Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick lost his job in June amid scandals over sexual harassment, discrimination and an aggressive culture. Ellen Pao s gender-discrimination lawsuit against Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers in 2015 also brought the issue to light, and more women are speaking up to say they ve been sidelined in the male-dominated industry, especially in engineering roles.Earlier on Monday, Google CEO Sundar Pichai sent a note to employees that said portions of the memo  violate our Code of Conduct and cross the line by advancing harmful gender stereotypes in our workplace.  But he didn t say if the company was taking action against the employee. A Google representative, asked about the dismissal, referred to Pichai s memo.Damore s 10-page memorandum accused Google of silencing conservative political opinions and argued that biological differences play a role in the shortage of women in tech and leadership positions. It circulated widely inside the company and became public over the weekend, causing a furor that amplified the pressure on Google executives to take a more definitive stand.After the controversy swelled, Danielle Brown, Google s new vice president for diversity, integrity and governance, sent a statement to staff condemning Damore s views and reaffirmed the company s stance on diversity. In internal discussion boards, multiple employees said they supported firing the author, and some said they would not choose to work with him, according to postings viewed by Bloomberg News. We are unequivocal in our belief that diversity and inclusion are critical to our success as a company,  Brown said in the statement.  We ll continue to stand for that and be committed to it for the long haul. Continue this story at BloombergREAD MORE GOOGLE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Google FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22830,Mid Summer Anger: Oliver Stone Waxes US Establishment’s Russia Conspiracy Theory,"EDITOR S NOTE: We recognize the following eloquent rant posted on Oliver Stone s Facebook page as being of high integrity and congenial to boot. America, and the world, will continue to find itself in peril so long as this sort of measured, thoughtful analysis remains in such short supply in Washington DC. Wake up America, you are now asleep at the wheel. . By Oliver StoneCongress passed its beloved Russia sanctions last week by a vote of 419-3! The Senate followed with a vote of 98-2!! I guess  American Exceptionalism  includes the vast stupidity inherent in having two giant oceans to distance us from the rest of humanity.With all the Apples and Microsofts and computer geniuses we have in our country, can we not even accept the possibility that perhaps our intelligence agencies are not doing their job, and maybe, just maybe, are deliberately misleading us to continue their false-flag war against Russia? Or for that matter, that Russia itself may not be that invested in screwing up our vaunted democracy with such sloppy malware as claimed? Especially in view of the strong statement put out by Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity, a group of reform-minded veterans throwing a dose of acid on the infamous  Brennan-Clapper Report  of January 6, 2017. With this report alone (see below), much less the overt lying and leaking that s been going on, both James Clapper ( We don t do surveillance on our own citizens ) and John Brennan ( Drones and torture? None of our business ) should be investigated as thoroughly as Michael Flynn, Jared Kushner, Trump s son, etc.What s happened to Elizabeth Warren, Barbara Lee, or any of the people who ve displayed some independent thinking in the past? Have they actually read this report? Somebody out there in DC, please explain to me this omission of common sense. Are the Washington Post and the New York Times so powerful that no one bothers to read or think beyond them? It seems the TV stations in this country take their copy from them.I accept the US decline. That s a given   after all, compare our broken-down New York subway system with Moscow s, as well as many other cities  pristine and impeccable services. These sanctions, which I pray Europe can independently judge and discard, are as dumb as giving out medals to Generals who keep losing wars. I still have this image burned in my brain of Petraeus with his 11/12(?) rows of ribbons, many looking like Boy Scout badges, surrounded by adoring Congressmen as he lied his way through his foreign policy testimony.Never mind that any moment now a Dr. Strangelove-type incident can occur   with less reaction time, say 15 minutes, compared to the 1960s 2/3 hours. We are truly at the edge as Mr. P pointed out in the documentary I made. Such Roman arrogance, such blindness, calls out for another Vietnam, another Iraq. We re screaming for some Karmic Boot up the ass. Destroying our pride would be a favor that the gods could do us.I can go on   but I m angry as you can tell. So what s the point of going to the windows and screaming, even if I were on television? Read the report below from Sanity Inc. and pray another August (1914) passes without the war Congress, Media, and the Military-Industrial Complex are literally dying for.I now fully realize how World War I started. People in power never really thought it would happen, and when it did, thought it d be over in weeks. You should know the rest of that history. It doesn t end well.PLEASE READ:  Intel Vets Challenge  Russia Hack  Evidence,  published at Consortium News.SEE MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22831,DIGITAL TYRANNY: Google and Facebook’s Automated Censorship Program (I Hope You Can Speak Chinese),"21st Century Wire says Based on their own reports and public statements, it was clear that both Google and Facebook, and others, were engaged in formulating a wide program of censorship in order to  tackle  what the corporations deem as  offensive speech  or  hate speech . Although based on the political biases of members of these corporations, the actual administration of this will be done by fully hidden and unaccountable automated computer algorithms. According to new reports, the new methods are not merely the manipulation of metrics used to downplay content. These are incredibly clandestine and very sinister measures: without visibly shutting down an account, this new automated censorship process will simply make an account holder s posts invisible to their friends, fans and followers, in what Google/YouTube is calling  a limited state  in order to  isolate and contain  a targeted user   even if they have NOT violated the user terms of services. This is designed not only to  disappear  important opinions and information   but also to frustrate users, in the hopes that they will eventually abandon the platform as a viable content distribution network.We believe that Facebook may also be implementing similar restrictions on political speech. Mark Zuckerberg s admission to Angela Merkel that Facebook was working on eliminating  hate speech  was an early indicator, and undoubtedly the election of Donald Trump, and the subsequent scapegoating of  fake news  by Clinton supporters, has since pushed many  progressive  Silicon Valley executives over the edge. However, things may have advanced considerably since then. On August 5th, 21stCenturyWire.com Editor Patrick Henningsen had his personal Facebook newsfeed for 21WIRE articles  disappeared : UPDATE: Sunday afternoon GMT, it seems that the invisible admins at Facebook has (quietly) re-opened his profile s newsfeed which seems to be visible to some of my friends now, although yesterday s posts are still HIDDEN (you can see them by scrolling down his timeline). They did not respond to Henningsen s written complaint via customer service however   no surprise there, as they never have done before. The important aspect to focus on here is that these secretive measures are all part of a wider political agenda. With Silicon Valley corporations clearly determined to preside over an all-encompassing social media monopoly, such restrictive politicized policies become even more dangerous. The following story which broke yesterday details an apparent backlash from a Google employee against the company s  diversity policies  has gone internally viral at the company. This was reportedly filed by VICE magazine s tech section, Motherboard: The person who wrote the document argued that the representation gap between men and women in software engineering persists because of biological differences between the two sexes, according to public tweets from Google employees. It also said Google should not offer programs for underrepresented racial or gender minorities, according to one of the employees I spoke to. The 10-page Google Doc document was met with derision from a large majority of employees who saw and denounced its contents, according to the employee. But Jaana Dogan, a software engineer at Google, tweeted that some people at the company at least partially agreed with the author; one of our sources said the same. While the document itself contains the thoughts of just one Google employee, the context in which they were shared Google is currently being investigated by the Department of Labor for its gender pay gap and Silicon Valley has been repeatedly exposed as a place that discriminates against women and people of color as well as the private and public response from its workforce are important. See Gizmodo s review of the 10 page Google Doc.Listen to this incredible analysis by Mister Metokur exposing the highly unethical, discriminatory, collusive   and ultimately illegal practices which are being implemented by Google, Facebook, Twitter and other social media cartel platforms in order to erase political speech which they seek to suppress: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22832,Does CNN Really Have a ‘Cosmopolitan Bias’?,"21st Century Wire says The war between the White House and CNN continued this week.During a recent White House press briefing for Trump s new immigration restriction bill, the RAISE Act, White House adviser Stephen Miller suddenly locked horns with embattled CNN political correspondent Jim Acosta, accusing Acosta and his network of displaying  cosmopolitan bias. According to critics, the bill favors English-speaking immigrants over others, as well as special applicant s status to those who can  financially support themselves.  The bill aims to scale back blanket immigration, and focus instead on a Canadian-style merit-based admissions.  Critics of CNN have also made a strong case, especially after the dramatic loss in 2016 election, that the news network s coverage is heavily biased towards east and west coast liberal audiences   effectively shunning what America s liberal intelligentsia crassly refer to as America s  flyover states  (predominantly white, rural Midwest and  Rustbelt  states) and blaming this section of the population for the Hillary Clinton s epic November loss.When one considers the contempt which CNN commentators and  experts  displayed for American voters throughout the election, the charge of cosmopolitan bias is probably accurate.Liberal media outlet City Lab described how it saw the initial exchange:The dialogue continued:Acosta: This whole notion, they have to learn English before they get to the United States are we just going to bring in people from Great Britain and Australia?Miller: Jim, actually, I have to honestly say: I am shocked at your statement, that you think only people from Great Britain and Australia would know English. It reveals your cosmopolitan bias to a shocking degree, that in your mind this is an amazing moment that you think only people from Great Britain and Australia would speak English is so insulting to millions of hard-working immigrants from all over the world. Jim, have you honestly never met an immigrant from another country who speaks English outside of Great Britain and Australia? Is that your personal experience?Acosta hit back at Miller with tacit accusations of institutional racism, claiming that any immigration control goes against a  tradition of US immigration.  According to my timeline, Jim Acosta thinks the Statue of Liberty decides immigration laws.  Stephen Miller (@redsteeze) August 2, 2017That talking point triggered a fiery exchange between Miller and Acosta. Watch:Full exchange between Stephen Miller & @acosta on Statue of Liberty & immigration. ""It reveals your cosmopolitan bias to a shocking degree."" pic.twitter.com/9eHTiNaR4G  CSPAN (@cspan) August 2, 2017Others fired back on Twitter at Acosta s increasing habit of grandstanding during press briefing:Jim Acosta is why people hate journalists. What's funny? Other journalists applaud him that's how disconnected from reality they are.  lauren (@LilMissRightie) August 2, 2017Acosta has been previously forced to defend his employer s penchant for running actual fake news stories, most notably the fabricated  Trump Dossier  promoted heavily by CNN and their reporters Jim Sciutto and Evan Perez.Meanwhile, CNN s reputation as a news network continues to plummet, with its problems compounding at a time when its parent company, Time Warner, is negotiating a major corporate merger with communications giant AT&T   one of the biggest acquisition deals in media history. Part of the deal might mean selling off the damaged brand of CNN in order to improve the value of the deal. Deadline Hollywood confirmed this recently, stating: There are rumblings at the highest executive levels that AT&T s top executives are considering divesting some Time Warner assets   including news organization CNN and celebrity gossip site TMZ   after they merge. Regardless, there will be a shake up at CNN, which may even include the ouster of its now disgraced head, Jeff Zucker.STAY TUNED FOR MORE UPDATES ON CNN.READ MORE CNN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire CNN FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22833,Boiler Room EP #120 – Scorched Earth Media: From RussiaGate to HillaryGate,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Andy Nowicki (the Alt Right Novelist) and FunkSoul & Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for the hundred and twentieth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone and the gang is discussing the Seymour Hersh audio tapes with all signs pointing to Seth Rich as the leak from inside the DNC to Wikileaks. The implications of this, obviously, being that so called Russia-gate should be renamed to Hillary-gate and traced the mainstream media s obsession with  Russian Collusion  back to the Presidential Debate back in October of 2016. A quick update on John McAfee s recovery from some form of attack and his new privacy phone s release. Not to mention the usual side tracks and strange rabbit holes we find ourselves in as we navigate the weeks media cycle, including sex robots, further degeneracy from the neo-left youth in Sweden and more.Direct Download Episode #120Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22834,Pay Off: The Establishment Rewards Comey with $2 million Book Deal,"21st Century Wire says For his role in helping to sow chaos in the US political system and for promulgating the official conspiracy theory that Russia somehow  hacked  the US electoral process helping Donald Trump to win last November, and also ensuring that no charges were brought anywhere near the Clintons   former FBI Director James Comey has just received the first of many gifts from the Establishment.James Comey is no stranger to elite circles, and is clearly regarded by those at the top as  a safe pair of hands. As 21WIRE reported last year, James Comey served on the board of banking giant HSBC   the same bank that was convicted of international drugs and terrorism money laundering, as well as a bank which was closely linked to the corrupt Clinton Foundation. After working fellow lawyers Eric Holder and Lorretta Lynch to stage manage the public fall out from revelations about HSBC s epic criminal enterprise, and their subsequent slap on the wrist, Comey was then rewarded by President Obama when he was appointed head of the FBI in 2013.By anyone s measure, Comey was central to the mess which has resulted from the political circus surrounding the establishment s efforts to derail the Trump campaign, and  now through the Trump presidency.Congratulations. You got your book deal. You ve made it James AP/The GuardianThe former FBI director James Comey has signed a $2m ( 1.5m) deal for a book about leadership and decision-making that will draw on his career in government, which included the high-profile drama leading up to his sacking from Donald Trump s administration.According to the publisher, Comey will tell how he handled the bureau s probe into Hillary Clinton s private email server and the allegations of ties between Russia and Trump s presidential campaign.Trump sacked Comey as FBI chief in May, later telling NBC News that he was angered by the FBI s investigation into  this Russia thing , which he insists is a fake story. Comey has since testified before Congress that Trump asked him to end an investigation into former National Security Adviser Michael T Flynn and kept memos about his meetings with the president.The book was acquired by Flatiron, an Macmillan imprint, which promises that Comey will cite  examples from some of the highest-stakes situations in the past two decades of US government . It will also  share yet unheard anecdotes from his long and distinguished career .The book is currently untitled and scheduled for publication next spring. Throughout his career, James Comey has had to face one difficult decision after another, as he has served the leaders of our country,  Flatiron said in a statement.  His book promises to take us inside those extraordinary moments in our history, showing us how these leaders have behaved under pressure. By doing so, Director Comey will give us unprecedented entry into the corridors of power, and a remarkable lesson in leadership itself. Continue this story at The GuardianREAD MORE COMEY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Comey FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22835,"Tillerson to North Korea: ‘We Are Not Your Enemy’ – US Seeks Dialogue, Not Regime Change","21st Century Wire says While everyone is busy hyping the  North Korean nuclear threat , the one thing that few mainstream media outlets dare to ask about North Korea is: do they actually have an operational nuclear weapons program?Here s your answer: No.To date, there is no evidence at all that Pyongyang has an operational nuclear weapons program, much less a capable or accurate enough ballistic missile program that could deliver such weapons.The Dear Leader: Kim Jung-UnThe usual western sources (media reportage and intelligence sources) claim that North Korea conducted atomic bomb tests in 2006, 2009 and 2013   although none of these can be independently verified yet. So again, the answer, so far  has to be no.North Korea also claimed that it tested a hydrogen bomb in January 2016. Understandably, FOX News loves these Pyongyang propaganda claims as it bolsters the military defense industry  global threat  talking point, but again, this has not yet been independently verified yet.The fundamental question should be: if Pyongyang has nukes, and no one has actually seen them, including Washington spooks, then why is the media hyping their existence? The Washington Post admitted as much in 2013, when a former senior Obama administration official admitted there s no actual evidence of any such weapons, saying,  We re worried about it, but we haven t seen it .The rest is just expensive guesswork, and US military industrial complex fear mongering.Perhaps the real story is that a divided Korea (between north and south) provides the US with its sole justification for carrying on occupying its many military installations in Japan, the Philippines and numerous other Pacific archipelago installations.In other words   it pays for the North Korean nuclear threat to be  real. Understandably, the war hawks and other flamboyant info-tainment personalities will not be happy with this statement made yesterday by US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who instead called for diplomacy with Pyongyang RT International reports Washington does not seek regime change in North Korea and at some point would like to have a dialogue with Pyongyang to de-escalate the tensions on the peninsula, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said. We do not seek a regime change; we do not seek the collapse of the regime; we do not seek an accelerated reunification of the peninsula; we do not seek an excuse to send our military north of the 38th parallel, Tillerson told reporters Tuesday in Washington DC.Despite repeated warnings from Washington that the US might resort to a military solution to curb Pyongyang s nuclear and missile programs, Tillerson stressed that the US is trying to convey to the North Koreans that we are not your enemy  we are not your threat. But, he said, North Korea continues to present an unacceptable threat to the United States, which forces Washington to respond. Tillerson however expressed hope that Washington and Pyongyang can resolve their issues through negotiations. We would like to sit and have a dialogue with them about the future that will give them the security they seek and the future economic prosperity for North Korea,  Tillerson said.Secretary Tillerson on #DPRK: United States and China share the same objective, a denuclearized Korean Peninsula. https://t.co/KLxAbGjuiL pic.twitter.com/Znaoq4OOlr  Department of State (@StateDept) August 2, 2017Continue this article at RT READ MORE NORTH KOREA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire North Korea FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22836,The U.S. Establishment vs The Rest of World,"Thierry Meyssan Voltaire NetIt is a scandal without precedent.The White House Secretary General, Reince Priebus, was part of the plot designed to destabilise President Trump and prepare for his destitution. He was the source of daily leaks which trouble the political life of the United States, in particular those concerning the alleged collusion between Trump s team and the Kremlin [1]. By dismissing him, President Trump has entered into conflict with the establishment of the Republican party, of which Priebus is the ex-President.Let s note as we go that none of these leaks concerning the agendas and the contacts between those concerned have provided the slightest proof of the allegations made.The reorganisation of the Trump team which followed was exclusively to the detriment of Republican personalities and to the benefit of the military personnel who are opposed to the guardianship of the deep state. The alliance which was concluded   making the best of a difficult situation   by the Republican party with Donald Trump during the inaugural convention on 21 July 2016, is now worthless. We therefore find ourselves faced with the equation with which we started   one one side, the outsider President of   the People s America  , and on the other, all of the Washington ruling class supported by the deep state (meaning that part of the administration charged with the continuity of the state over and above political alternances).It is apparent that this coalition is supported by the United Kingdom and Isra l.So what had to happen happened   the Democrat and Republican leaders came to an agreement to thwart President Trump s foreign policy and preserve their imperial advantages.To do so, they adopted, in Congress, a 70-page law which officially set up sanctions against North Korea, Iran and Russia [2]. The text unilaterally promulgates that all other states in the world must respect these commercial restrictions. The sanctions therefore apply equally to the European Union and to China as to the states officially targeted.Only five parlementarians dissociated themselves from this coalition and voted against the law   representatives Justin Amash, Tom Massie and Jimmy Duncan, and senators Rand Paul and Bernie Sanders.The dispositions of this law more or less forbid the Executive to ease these commercial interdictions by any means whatsoever. Theoretically, therefore, Donald Trump is tied hands and feet. Of course, he can use his veto, but according to the Constitution, it would be enough for Congress to revote the text in the same terms in order to be able to impose it on the President. He will therefore sign it, thus avoiding the insult of being called to order by Congress. In the next few days, we shall see the start of a war unlike any other.The political parties of the United States have every intention of destroying the   Trump doctrine  , according to which the United States must evolve faster than other states in order to conserve world leadership. On the contrary, they intend to re-establish the   Wolfowitz doctrine   of 1992, according to which Washington must conserve its advance over the rest of the world by hindering the development of all potential competitors [3].Paul Wolfowitz is a Trotskyist who worked for Republican President Bush the Elder to help with the war against Russia. He became Assistant Secretary of Defense ten years later, under Bush Junior, and then President of the World Bank. Last year, he gave his support to Democrat Hillary Clinton. In 1992, he wrote that the most dangerous competitor of the United States was the European Union, and that Washington should destroy it politically, even economically.The law casts doubt on everything that Donald Trump has accomplished over the last six months, notably the fight against the Muslim Brotherhood and their jihadist organisations, the preparation of the independence of Donbass (Malorossiya), and the re-opening of the Silk Road.As a first reprisal, Russia asked Washington to reduce the staff of its embassy in Moscow to the level of its own embassy in Washington, in other words, 455 people, expelling 755 diplomats. In this way, Moscow intends to remind us that even if it had interfered in US politics, their interference has no comparison to the importance of US interference in Russia s own political life.While we are on this subject, it was only on 27 February that the Minister for Defence, Serge  Cho gou, announced to the Douma that the Russian armies now have the capability to organise   colour revolutions  , 28 years behind the United States.The Europeans now realise with stupefaction that their friends in Washington (the Democrats Obama and Clinton, the Republicans McCain and McConnell) have just put a full stop to any hope of growth within the Union. This is certainly a nasty shock, and yet they still have not felt able to admit that the allegedly   unpredictable   Donald Trump is in reality their best ally. Completely stunned by the vote, which rained on their summer holidays, the Europeans have opted for the   on hold   position.Unless they react immediately, the companies who have invested in the European Union s solution for their energy supply are now ruined. Wintershall, E.ON Ruhrgas, N. V. Nederlandse Gasunie, and Engie (ex-GDF Suez) had all committed to the doubling of the gas pipeline North Stream, which is now forbidden by Congress. They not only forfeit the right to respond to US calls for tender, but they also lose all their assets in the United States. They are refused entry to international banks and are forbidden to pursue their activities outside the Union.For the moment, only the German government has expressed its confusion. We do not know whether they will be able to convince their European partners and rouse the Union against its US suzerain.Such a crisis has never arisen before, and as a result, there exists no element of reference which could enable us to anticipate what is to come. It is probable that certain of the member states of the Union will defend US interests   those who think according to Congress, against their European partners.The United States, like any state, can forbid their companies to do business with foreign states and foreign companies to do business with them. But according to the Charter of the United Nations, they may not impose their own choices in terms of allies and partners. But this is what they have been doing since their sanctions against Cuba. At that time, under the influence of Fidel Castro   who was not a Communist   the Cuban Revolutionary Government launched an agrarian reform which Washington chose to oppose [4]. The members of NATO, who couldn t have cared less about that tiny Caribbean island, followed obediently along. Progressively, the West, full of itself, considered it normal to starve out any states which resisted their all-powerful suzerain. So here, for the first time, the European Union is affected by the system which it helped set up.More than ever, the conflict between Trump and the Establishment takes on a cultural form. It opposes the descendants of the immigrants who came seeking the   American dream   to those of the Puritans of the Mayflower [5]. This, for example, is the root of the denunciation by the international Presse of the vulgar language used by the new man responsible for White House communications, Anthony Scaramucci. Until now Hollywood was perfectly at ease with the manners of New York businessmen, but suddenly this uncouth language is presented as incompatible with the exercise of Power. Only President Richard Nixon talked that way, and he was forced to resign by the FBI who organised the Watergate scandal to bring him down. Nonetheless, everyone now agrees that he was a great President, who put an end to the Vietnam War and rebalanced international relations with the Peoples  Republic of China, faced with the USSR. It is surprising to see the Press of old Europe take up the religious, Puritan argument against the vocabulary of Scaramucci in order to judge the political competence of Donald Trump s team; and President Trump himself would send him away barely appointed.But behind what may seem to be no more than a class struggle, the future of the world is at stake. Either relations steeped in confrontation and domination, or cooperation and development.Translation  Pete Kimberley***FOOTNOTES:[1]  State Secrets : How an Avalanche of Media Leaks is Harming National Security , Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee, July 6, 2017.[2] H.R.3364   Countering America s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act[3]   US Strategy Plan Calls For Insuring No Rivals Develop  , Patrick E. Tyler, New York Times, March 8, 1992. The daily NYT also publishes large extracts from Wolfowitz s secret report on page 14 :   Excerpts from Pentagon s Plan :  Prevent the Re-Emergence of a New Rival   . Further information is provided in   Keeping the US First, Pentagon Would preclude a Rival Superpower   Barton Gellman, The Washington Post, March 11, 1992.[4]  The Biggest Theft Committed by One Sovereign State against Another , by Jorge Wejebe Cobo, Translation Anoosha Boralessa, Cuban Agency News , Voltaire Network, 21 July 2017.[5]  United States   reformation or fracture? , by Thierry Meyssan, Translation Pete Kimberley, Voltaire Network, 26 October 2016.READ MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22837,SHOCKER: Washington Post Publishes OpEd Critical of Pro-Israel Law Which Shuts Down BDS,"21st Century Wire says It s no secret that the US mainstream media enforces a very tight party line when it comes to saying anything about Israel. Generally speaking, any criticism of the  Jewish State  normally ends up in the editorial waste bin.The reason for this should be academic by now: powerful Israeli Lobby exists in Washington and with satellite branches across the US and Canada. The lobby s attack apparatus regularly coordinate media incursions and smear campaigns against any publication or journalist who dares to break rank and criticize Israel s appalling human rights record, endless violations of international law and flagrant ignorance of multiple UN resolutions. It consists mainly of the following organizations: the Anti-Defamation League (which devotes a large portion of its time and resources to defaming people it seeks to discredit), the quasi Masonic organization and godfather of the Jewish political attack organs B nai B rith International,  and of course, the ADL s ugly step child, the dubious  NGO  Southern Poverty Law Center. These organizations enforce their strict public relations code through a collection of tactics like threats and boycotts, including targeting a publication s advertisers and sponsors, or featuring a journalist, media pundit, author or academic on one of their many  Hate Lists , and by lobbing the standard charge of antisemitism against anyone who sounds remotely critical of Israel and its many failings.This week, David Cole, a national legal director of the American Civil Liberties Union, and Faiz Shakir national political director of the ACLU, penned a piece (see article below) in Jeff Bezos s recently acquired deep state propaganda mill, The Washington Post. In their impassioned piece, they posed the question of whether or not the recent US legislation called the Israel Anti-Boycott Act is moral in a modern democracy, or even legal for that matter. Incredibly, this new Pro-Israel law threatens fines and imprisonment to anyone who speaks of or campaigns to boycott, divest or sanction the Israeli state for its many and sundry documented international crimes. The level of tyranny inherent in this new piece of legislation is breathtaking to say the least. Simply put   it s a direct attack on the US First Amendment. What s worse is that it s being orchestrated from outside of the United States by a foreign entity. The bill s target is the boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) movement, which is a global campaign that applies economic and political pressure on Israel to actually comply with international law (something the US government itself should also be doing). According to the authors, the new Orwellian law would also make it a crime to support or even furnish information about a boycott directed at Israel or its businesses called out by the United Nations, the European Union or any other  international governmental organization.  At its core, this law would constitute an anathema to any modern republican or democratic concept, and yet, this is what the Israeli Lobby seeks to impose on the people of the United States. So far, 45 US Senators have lined-up to support this bill, and not one member of Congress has joined the ACLU in denouncing it. On the Israeli payroll: US Senator Tom Cotton.Here s a fact that might be hard for some to swallow, but it s true: this law was only able to make it as far as it has because of the virtual stranglehold The Lobby has on nearly every member of the US House and Senate by way of lucrative campaign contributions to public officials by way of foreign lobbies like the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), and backed-up by public and media pressure campaigns which, for those who have dared to step off the reservation, have ruined many a career in Washington. This lop-sided situation not only threatens US democratic interests at home, but it s also a serious threat to US national security. What this also demonstrates is how easily US Senators will disregard the US Constitution for a few hundred thousand dollars stuffed into their campaign bank accounts by a foreign lobby. You can see their financials here and here.It s left many onlookers asking: what s going on at the Amazon Post? The article is certainly measured and very careful in its wording, but the fact that it was allowed to appear at all might indicate that the deep state is loosening its restrictions on speech on Israeli issues in the US mainstream media. We hope this is the trend anyway, although maybe not if the ADL, B nai B rith, and the SPLC have anything to say about it.By far, this is the biggest attempt yet by Israel at hijacking the US democratic system, albeit from within. If this bill passes, it will mark the near end of what remains of the sovereignty of the United States of America. That is no exaggeration.Here s the OpEd . By David Cole and Faiz ShakirThe right to boycott has a long history in the United States, from the American Revolution to Martin Luther King Jr. s Montgomery bus boycott to the campaign for divestment from businesses serving apartheid  South Africa.Nowadays we celebrate those efforts. But precisely because boycotts are such a powerful form of expression, governments have long sought to interfere with them   from King George III to the police in Alabama, and now to the U.S. Congress.The Israel Anti-Boycott Act, legislation introduced in the Senate by Benjamin L. Cardin (D-Md.) and in the House by Peter J. Roskam (R-Ill.), would make it a crime to support or even furnish information about a boycott directed at Israel or its businesses called by the United Nations, the European Union or any other  international governmental organization.  Violations would be punishable by civil and criminal penalties of up to $1 million and 20 years in prison. The American Civil Liberties Union, where we both work, takes no position for or against campaigns to boycott Israel or any other foreign country. But since our organization s founding in 1920, the ACLU has defended the right to collective action. This bill threatens that right.The Israel Anti-Boycott Act is designed to stifle efforts to protest Israel s settlement policies by boycotting businesses in Israel and the occupied Palestinian territories. The bill s particular target is the boycott, divestment and sanctions (BDS) movement, a global campaign that seeks to apply economic and political pressure on Israel to comply with international law.Whether one approves or disapproves of the BDS movement itself, people should have a right to make up their own minds about it. Americans engage in boycotts every day when they decide not to buy from companies whose practices they oppose. Students have boycotted companies that sold clothing manufactured in sweatshops abroad. Environmentalists have boycotted Nestl  for its deforestation practices. By using their power in the marketplace, consumers can act collectively to express their political points of view. There is nothing illegal about such collective action; indeed, it is constitutionally protected.In NAACP v. Claiborne Hardware Co., the Supreme Court in 1982 upheld the right of NAACP activists to hold a mass economic boycott of segregated businesses in Mississippi. The court stated that the boycotters  exercise of their rights to  speech, assembly, and petition . . . to change a social order that had consistently treated them as second-class citizens  rested  on the highest rung of the hierarchy of First Amendment values. This is not to say that all boycotters are automatically free speech heroes; indeed, BDS advocates have themselves at times shut down Israeli academics or speakers to the detriment of academic freedom. Thus, it s understandable that free speech advocates might not immediately identify BDS supporters as victims of censorship. But when government takes sides on a particular boycott and criminalizes those who engage in a boycott, it crosses a constitutional line.Cardin and other supporters argue that the Israel Anti-Boycott Act targets only commercial activity. In fact, the bill threatens severe penalties against any business or individual who does not purchase goods from Israeli companies operating in the occupied Palestinian territories and who makes it clear   say by posting on Twitter or Facebook   that their reason for doing so is to support a U.N.- or E.U.-called boycott. That kind of penalty does not target commercial trade; it targets free speech and political beliefs. Indeed, the bill would prohibit even the act of giving information to a U.N. body about boycott activity directed at Israel.The bill s chilling effect would be dramatic   and that is no doubt its very purpose. But individuals, not the government, should have the right to decide whether to support boycotts against practices they oppose. Neither individuals nor businesses should have to fear million-dollar penalties, years in prison and felony convictions for expressing their opinions through collective action. As an organization, we take no sides on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. But regardless of the politics, we have and always will take a strong stand when government threatens our freedoms of speech and association. The First Amendment demands no less.See the original article at the Washington PostREAD MORE ISRAEL NEW AT: 21st Century Wire Israel FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22838,Boiler Room EP #119 – Zombie Disneyland & The Decline of Western Society,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Andy Nowicki (the Alt Right Novelist) and FunkSoul & Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for the hundred and nineteenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone! This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone! The gang is covering a number of topics this week including the rise in public displays of pathological ego & mental illness, Trumps tweets on transgenders in the military, an upcoming 9/11 movie with Charlie Sheen, Grenfell Tower and some thoughts on the deaths of Chester Bennington and Chris Cornell..Direct Download Episode #119Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22839,New 9/11 Trailer – Featuring Charlie Sheen and Whoopi Goldberg,"21st Century Wire says Everything changed on 9/11. Overnight, it transformed US foreign policy, the geopolitical chessboard, the global police state, a not to mention the laws of physics, the melting point from steel and much more.Based on the initial marketing package, this latest film, which is due for release this September in 2017, looks very much like a consensus reality production designed to further reinforce the official story of 9/11  or will there be more to it?Will this be Sheen s penance and ticket back into mainstream Hollywood?One looming possibility: this could end up being an own goal by the establishment, as the mere presence of former 9/11 Truth activist Sheen in this mainstream film will trigger a wave of chatter challenging the official 9/11 tale (watch Sheen s 2009 video plea to President Obama for 9/11 Truth here). Stay tuned and find out Here is the initial trailer for this latest Hollywood action drama will feature actors Charlie Sheen, Whoopi Goldberg, Gina Gershon and Luis Guzm n. WATCH: SEE ALSO: FBI Trove of 9/11 Pentagon Photos Refuels Conspiracy SuspicionsREAD MORE 9/11 NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 9/11 Files SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22840,"‘Trump, Russia, Possible Collusion’ (REMIX)","Russiagate. First it was Russian hacking our election,  then it was  Russian interference,  then it was  Russian collusion,  then it was  Russian meddling,  which was finally downgraded to Russian influence.Still, the mainstream media led by CNN, The Washington Post, and New York Times, continues to pump out theories about Russian contacts of the Trump campaign and hangers-on, which has led nowhere after a nine month circus-like investigation.It s perhaps the biggest political hoax in modern history, and they re still at it  READ MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22841,SOLDIER: ‘Here’s Why Trump’s Transgender Military Ban Makes Sense’,"Earlier this week, 21WIRE reported on President Trump s recent ban on transgender persons in the US Military. Predictably, the White House announcement triggered an uproar from Hollywood s progressive alliance and LGBT lobby. US Army whistlerblower Bradley Manning, who later changed his name to Chelsea Manning and is in the process of trying to change his sex to female, tweeted this:The following video was posted by USArmy Drill Sergeant John Burk, where he explains a number of practical issues at play in this debate which are being avoided by America s hopelessly politicized media. WATCH:. READ MORE POLITICALLY CORRECT NEWS AT:21st Century Wire PC FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22842,"Trump Announces Transgender Ban for US Military, Caitlyn Jenner Slighted","21st Century Wire says On Twitter today, President Donald Trump announced that he will ban transgender people from serving in the US military   in any capacity.The move reverses Barack Obama s previous decision to allow transgender personnel from serving.Trump explained the practical dillemas in being forced to cater to the progressive gender agenda: After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 .Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017 .victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017Former US Olympic Decathalon gold medal winner Bruce Jenner recently began a sex change and has since renamed himself Caitlyn Jenner.After Trump s announcement, Jenner then tweeted: There are 15,000 patriotic transgender Americans in the US military fighting for all of us. What happened to your promise to fight for them? There are 15,000 patriotic transgender Americans in the US military fighting for all of us. What happened to your promise to fight for them? https://t.co/WzjypVC8Sr  Caitlyn Jenner (@Caitlyn_Jenner) July 26, 2017EDITOR S NOTE: No doubt, the Russians, the Chinese, ISIS and North Korea must be shaking in their boots at the mere thought of Jenner s military proposition.Star Trek actor and LGBT activist, George Takei, lashed-out against Trump s tweets on Wednesday:Donald: With your ban on trans people from the military, you are on notice that you just pissed off the wrong community. You will regret it.  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) July 26, 2017See other liberal celebrities  Twitter reactions as well as Chelsea Manning here.Watch this interview on liberal daytime TV talk show, The View, as Jenner explains his/her politics and what it s like to be a transgender registered Republican:  READ MORE POLITICALLY CORRECT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire PC FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22843,"Have the US, Trump Really Abandoned ‘Regime Change’ in Syria?"," Member of the US-backed Free Syrian Army, Aleppo, Syria. (Photo: Mada Media. Source: Wikicommons)Miles Elliott 21st Century Wire For the past few days, news outlets have been reporting on the Trump Administration and CIA s announcement to end the controversial covert program to arm and train  moderate rebels  fighting to overthrow the Syrian government of Bashar al Assad. While many who want peace in Syria see this move as a step in the right direction, others still doubt that the underlying goal of ousting Assad has been abandoned completely. The decision may serve a number of purposes, but the long-term goals of the US and its close coalition allies do not change easily, and removing President Assad from power has been a centerpiece of their regional restructuring plan for a very long time.Does the announcement really mean that Trump is going to leave Assad alone? Is the US turning a corner in Syria and finally learning from the mistakes it made in Iraq and Libya? Is it really a concession to Russia? Is Trump finally actualizing his campaign rhetoric that seemed to reject America s foreign wars?Not likely.Of course, it s possible that Trump is at odds with other factions in the US government s military and foreign policy establishment, possibly because he recognizes the danger of arming terrorists and the political damage this might do to his own reputation as a leader who is  tough on terror.  Such a belief however, might be extremely generous to Trump, especially considering how under his authority the US military has dangerously escalated several wars, not just in Syria, but also in Yemen, and probably soon in Afghanistan.A more likely explanation is that the Trump administration and a complicit mainstream media are trying to manage public perceptions regarding six years of troublesome US involvement in Syria. In a bait-and-switch type PR deception, Washington might be attempting to generate the perception of de-escalation   even as the US increases its presence in Syria.Consider the SourceWithin hours of this story breaking, it had been covered by major outlets from across the mainstream media, and since that time there have been a variety of reactions from different commentators and media platforms.Some, such as former US diplomat Jim Jatras, are hailing the decision as a  game-changer .Others, like New York Times journalist Nicholas Kristof (one of the first in the mainstream media to promote the White Helmets) called it a  major gift to Russia .Middle East  expert  Charles Lister claims it will strengthen terrorists in Syria, while numerous others are saying it will weaken the terrorists.Many of these reactions, however, as well as all of the reporting on this decision, all seem to stem from a single story in The Washington Post. That said, there are a few things that should be pointed out about this original story Washington Post and the CIAIt is well known that Amazon chairman and CEO Jeff Bezos owns The Washington Post. It is also public knowledge that the CIA has a contract with Amazon to use its cloud computing services. In fact, beginning in 2014 Amazon began providing its services to the CIA under a $600 million contract that is good for up to ten years, making the CIA a long-term customer of Amazon. Seeing as the owner of The Washington Post has a long-term commercial relationship with the CIA, any reporting from that newspaper covering CIA activities could be viewed as a potential conflict of interest. This would be a very unpopular position for any mainstream media outlets to take. Normally, these outlets will unquestioningly repeat this or any story by The Post concerning the CIA, and that s the end of that.NOTE: After this article was published at 21WIRE, Trump came out swinging at Bezos and the  Amazon-Washington Post :The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive, dangerous, and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 25, 2017Of course this is not to say that the decision to end CIA support to terrorists in Syria has not been taken. Much of that activity will remain classified and certainly redacted if ever released. However, the fact that information was  leaked exclusively  to the Washington Post by unnamed US officials may indicate a desire to have the story spun in a particular way for particular reasons. Syrian  rebels  fire missiles toward the towns of Kafarya and Foua (Photo: Qasioun News Agency. Source: Wikicommons)Focus on RussiaA major element of the spin on the The Washington Post story can be found in the headline:  Trump ends covert CIA program to arm anti-Assad rebels in Syria, a move sought by Moscow  (emphasis added). From the outset, the Post is portraying the decision to stop arming groups trying to overthrow the Syrian government as a concession to Russia.This is clearly one of the themes of the article, as it also appears in quotes from an unnamed official who said,  Putin won in Syria , and from Charles Lister, who stated:  We are falling into a Russian trap.  In total, Russia, Moscow, Putin or the Kremlin are mentioned no less than 20 times in the article, a clear sign of The Post s attempt to place Trump s decision in the context of Russian interests in Syria.There are several obvious problems with this narrative, however.Firstly, it is implied that if Russia  wins  in Syria, that America somehow  loses   but is that really the case? One of the points Trump campaigned on is that US and Russian interests in Syria are actually aligned in the wider fight to defeat ISIS and radical Islamist terror.Secondly, there is zero evidence to indicate that the decision to end CIA support for terrorist groups in Syria was driven by Russia   but that hasn t stopped many in the mainstream media, like New York Times writer Nicholas Kristof, and Washington establishment figures like John McCain, for inferring a Russian conspiracy is at play. It is true that The Post s article was published within two weeks of the recent ceasefire in southwestern Syria agreed by the US, Russia and Jordan. On the other hand, it is acknowledged that the decision to halt the  train and equip  program in Syria was made a month ago, after a White House meeting between Trump, national security advisor H R McMaster, and CIA Director Mike Pompeo.At most, leaking the story to the press may have been an empty gesture toward Russia, but facts on the ground still indicate that the conflict in Syria is being escalated in other ways, as we shall see. Independent journalist Gareth Porter offers this analysis: By 2016, when the Syrian government, with the support of the Russians and Iranians and others, were able to push the al-Qaeda-led rebels out of Aleppo, really the major part of the conflict between the rebels and the Assad government was completed. And from then on I think the fate of this program was really sealed The decision to announce this clearly followed the agreement that was reached very recently with the Russians on a ceasefire in southern Syria  And so to announce it was a gesture in part towards the Russians, but the idea that has been reported in some news media that somehow this is a concession to the Russians is totally false. That really doesn t follow logically, in terms of the nature of the decision and the timing of it. Furthermore, to believe the decision is a  gift  to Russia is to completely discount the fact that arming terrorists is simply wrong, or at the very least dangerous. As former US diplomat Jim Jatras stated: It doesn t occur to some people that not supporting terrorists is the right thing for America, having nothing to do with Russia. Thirdly, in light of the year-long string of unsubstantiated and unproven accusations perpetuated by US mainstream media that somehow the Trump team  colluded  with Russia to affect the outcome of the US presidential election, pushing the Russian angle to this story in Syria appears to be an attempt to add fuel to that fire. However, if one unpacks the rationale underlying this suggestion, it becomes clear how illogical it really is.As it turns out, even US commanders do not subscribe to the Russian conspiracy theory angle regarding the CIA stopping arms to  rebels  in Syria. This was confirmed by U.S. Army General Raymond Thomas, head of Special Operations Command, who told the Aspen Security Forum in Colorado the following this past week: At least from what I know about that program and the decision to end it, (it was) absolutely not a sop to the Russians.  If mainstream media institutions like The Post object to alleged Russian interference in US elections, they presumably do so on the grounds that foreign interference in a sovereign country s domestic affairs is  against the rules  of the international community. If that is the case, then surely they must also object to the funding and arming of terrorist or  rebel  groups by one country to overthrow the government of another. If The Post were being consistent, and not hypocritical in their editorial line, then any disapproval at the unsubstantiated allegation that Russia interfered  nonviolently   with America s democracy, should be matched by unbridled outrage at the US funding, training and arming terrorists in Syria to violently overthrow its government. Free Syrian Army vehicle equipped with anti-aircraft weapon. (Photo: Qasioun News Agency. Source: Wikicommons)At the root of all three of these problems with this article and its paper s stance toward Russia is the belief in American exceptionalism   which is particularly strong in the US  defense  establishment and which is what gives the US license to break the very same rules that it enforces on other countries.The idea of American exceptionalism was explicitly countered by Vladimir Putin in his editorial for the New York Times (published after the 2013 chemical weapons incident in Ghouta when the US was on the brink of going to war in Syria) in which he stated: It is extremely dangerous to encourage people to see themselves as exceptional, whatever the motivation. There are big countries and small countries, rich and poor, those with long democratic traditions and those still finding their way to democracy. Their policies differ, too. We are all different, but when we ask for the Lord s blessings, we must not forget that God created us equal. Goodbye CIA, Hello PentagonAmerican exceptionalism taken to its logical conclusion has also resulted in the doctrine of  full spectrum dominance . In the current era of full-spectrum or hybrid warfare, there are many tools in the US government s belt. So even as this particular CIA program ends, there are myriad ways in which the US might continue its involvement in the destablization and possible dismembering of the Syrian nation-state.The most obvious is that the Pentagon and US military are expanding their presence in Syria. The Post states that the US military s anti-ISIS air campaign will continue, as will the Pentagon s  train-and-equip  program for the primarily Kurdish militias operating around Raqqa.However, The Post completely fails to mention the presence of American and allied troops on the ground in Syria. Last month 21WIRE warned of the danger of escalation from the presence of US and British troops stationed near al-Tanf in the southeast of Syria. Since then the buildup has continued, and within the past few weeks 21WIRE reported on the series of eight US military bases established inside Syrian borders, complete with heavy weapons such as the HIMARS rocket system.Gareth Porter summarized it this way: The United States has created this alleged stake in the conflict in Syria over the last few years, over the ISIS presence in Raqqa and surrounding areas. Once the US began its bombing program both in Iraq and in Syria against ISIS, that created a whole set of new dynamics which inevitably in the nature of the US political-military-intelligence complex, created a constant forward movement of military and intelligence activities We have now more US military personnel in the area near Raqqa than ever before, we have more special forces there, we have more helicopters, we have more CIA people. In other words they ve created an entirely new dynamic here that is going to be very difficult to break. It s going to be very difficult to reverse it. Within the past few days it has also been reported that significant numbers of US military armored vehicles are arriving in areas to the north of Raqqa, not for use by Kurdish SDF fighters in the region but   according to a US spokesperson    for use by the Coalition .There is also the question of other countries funneling weapons and/or terrorists into Syria. In particular, American allies Turkey, Israel and Saudi Arabia have all played important roles in building up and perpetuating the conflict in Syria so far, and there is no reason to believe that they will cease doing so.For instance, Syrian news agency SANA frequently reports on seizures of Israeli-made weapons within Syrian borders. Another example can be found in a previous story broken by Bulgarian journalist Dilyana Gaytandzhieva, in which she discovered ships were being used for transporting weapons into Syria via Saudi Arabian ports.So it is possible that whatever support is being withdrawn from terrorist factions in Syria could be redirected through cooperating countries or other conduits and still reach the same destination.Truth vs NarrativeIt is often said that truth is the first casualty of war. As regular readers of 21WIRE will already be aware, the levels of propaganda and deception in mainstream media narratives have reached new heights in coverage of the conflict in Syria. Even terms such as  moderate rebel  and  Assad regime  in common usage used by The Post and its ilk are tools of propaganda explicitily designed to legitimize the construction of a foreign-funded mercenary force to overthrow the government of Syria.The truth, however, is rising.For instance, the recent article, How America Armed Terrorists in Syria, spelled out just that: By helping its Sunni allies provide weapons to al Nusra Front and its allies and by funneling into the war zone sophisticated weapons that were bound to fall into al Nusra hands or strengthen their overall military position, U.S. policy has been largely responsible for having extended al Qaeda s power across a significant part of Syrian territory. The CIA and the Pentagon appear to be ready to tolerate such a betrayal of America s stated counter-terrorism mission. Unless either Congress or the White House confronts that betrayal explicitly, as Tulsi Gabbard s legislation would force them to do, U.S. policy will continue to be complicit in the consolidation of power by al Qaeda in Syria, even if the Islamic State is defeated there. So not only are the  rebels  not moderate, in many cases they are actually al Qaeda, the raison d etre for the War on Terror.Public awareness of this fact has been increasing, and in January Representative Tulsi Gabbard of Hawaii introduced the Stop Arming Terrorists Act into the House of Representatives, while Senator Rand Paul, who has opposed the arming of Syrian opposition groups for years, introduced the bill in the Senate. On introducing the bill Rep. Gabbard s remarks included the statement: If you or I gave money, weapons or support to Al-Qaeda or ISIS, we would be thrown in jail. Yet the US government has been violating this law for years, quietly supporting allies and partners of Al-Qaeda, ISIL, Jabhat Fateh al Sham and other terrorist groups with money, weapons, and intelligence support, in their fight to overthrow the Syrian government. Then, within the past two weeks, 21WIRE covered the latest stunning chapter in a story broken by independent journalist Gaytandzhieva, which documents in full detail how hundreds of tons of heavy weapons were trafficked via protected diplomatic flights from various NATO member states and allies (including the US) to conflict zones around the the Middle East, Central Asia and Africa. Some of these arms ended up in the hands of al-Nusra, the al-Qaeda franchise in Syria.Stories like those on covert weapons shipments; statements like the one above from Tulsi Gabbard; the introduction of the Stop Arming Terrorists Act; stories such as How America Armed Terrorists in Syria; and the rising influence of independent media outlets like 21WIRE among others, are all contributing to the rising awareness that the US government has been funding, training and arming terrorists in Syria.It is likely that Trump s decision to end the CIA program supporting the anti-Assad terrorists in Syria  however meaningful it was or was not  was in part a response to this growing awareness. Although on the surface the decision by Trump seems to be a positive step towards a peaceful resolution of the conflict in Syria, by no means does it mean an end to the conflict or even a withdrawal of US or other foreign interference with Syrian affairs. It is more likely that this announcement is yet another distraction  a further exercise in perception management  and that the objective to remove Assad remains in place under other guises using other means.More on this from The Washington Post  A unit of the Southern Front, which received money and weapons from the US, et al. (Photo: Mutasim Billah Brigade, Daraa. Source: Wikicommons)Greg Jaffe and Adam Entous The Washington PostPresident Trump has decided to end the CIA s covert program to arm and train moderate Syrian rebels battling the government of Bashar al-Assad, a move long sought by Russia, according to U.S. officials.The program was a central plank of a policy begun by the Obama administration in 2013 to put pressure on Assad to step aside, but even its backers have questioned its efficacy since Russia deployed forces in Syria two years later.Officials said the phasing out of the secret program reflects Trump s interest in finding ways to work with Russia, which saw the anti-Assad program as an assault on its interests. The shuttering of the program is also an acknowledgment of Washington s limited leverage and desire to remove Assad from power.Just three months ago, after the United States accused Assad of using chemical weapons, Trump launched retaliatory airstrikes against a Syrian air base. At the time, U.N. Ambassador Nikki Haley, said that  in no way do we see peace in that area with Assad at the head of the Syrian government. Continue this story at The Washington PostREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22844,Progressives Outraged Over Beyonce “So White” Wax Figure at Madame Tussauds,"American liberal activists still struggling with the concept that a wax figure is not meant to be real.21st Century Wire says The progressive culture police are on the march again   this time to Madame Tussauds Wax Museum in New York City. The recent unveiling of the new Beyonc wax statue sent activists into a frenzy when it was claimed that the celebrity pop singer was  too white.  America s unofficial cultural Stasi slammed the museum for purportedly  whitewashing  the singers skin tone.The liberal outcry on social media prompted the museum to withdraw the statue temporarily to avoid any further uproar, confirming that it will be  off the floor until further notice. Lindsay Lohan. Jessica Simpson. Maybe even Britney at the right angle but this darling is NOT Beyonc . https://t.co/aVxAfSK2ml  morgs (@hotbeansmorgan) July 19, 2017However, Madame Tussauds issued a statement reassuring liberal activists that nothing untoward had happened and that they only needed to readjust the lighting of their new exhibition: We love, respect and enjoy a working relationship with Beyonc  We have adjusted the styling and the lighting of her figure and she is on display at  New York. In an interview with Entertainment Tonight museum spokesperson added,  Our talented team of sculptors take every effort to ensure we accurately color match all of our wax figures to the celebrity being depicted. Lighting within the attraction combined with flash photography may distort and misrepresent the color of our wax figures, which is something our sculptors are unable to account for at the production stage. And now  for other more important news READ MORE HOLLYWOOD NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Hollywood FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22845,Legal Fears Push Newsweek to Delete Eichenwald’s Articles Used to Smear Sputnik News,"21st Century Wire says Failing US magazine Newsweek once again finds itself on the ropes.For the last year, US mainstream media outlets have given themselves license to freely spray any and all slanderous accusations regarding Russia into the public domain, and about Russian-based media outlets in particular. One of the primary motivations for this festival of defamation is of course political. Early on in the general election the  Russian conspiracy  theory was promulgated by the White House and the Clinton campaign and the mainstream media in order to damage Trump s credibility. After Clinton s epic loss, legions of Democratic Party affiliated journalists and Hillary Clinton supporters in the media are still angry and upset about their election loss and do not accept Donald Trump as their President. As a result, many journalists are still using their positions in media to act out in public, and mostly with the full backing of their like-minded editors and media executives.While most of the endless scapegoating and lies about Russia and Trump continue as annoying background noise, some of the US liberal establishment s fake news and libelous claims, like stories made-up by CNN   are beginning to be challenged in the courts   which is causing a panic on many mainstream editorial news desks across America.This latest challenge to Newsweek and its shamed staff writer Kurt Eichenwald follows on the current  blow-back  trend line  RT International reports Sputnik and RT editor-in-chief Margarita Simonyan commented on the removal by Newsweek of false stories about Trump  conspiring with Russia,  saying it  deleted the lies about us, fearing court proceedings. We ll continue explaining to various newsweeks that lying is bad, Simonyan told Sputnik.Her comments come after Newsweek was forced to take down two erroneous articles by journalist Kurt Eichenwald, claiming that US President Donald Trump had conspired with Russia, as well as smearing former Sputnik editor William Moran.On Friday, Moran said that a settlement had been reached, but did not provide any further details, saying that the deal was confidential between the two sides.In October, Moran mistakenly attributed an article by Eichenwald to Clinton confidant Sidney Blumenthal and, realizing his mistake, deleted the article 20 minutes later. However, while the piece was online, Eichenwald saw it and imagined collusion between the Trump campaign, Sputnik, and Wikileaks.At the time, numerous media outlets (some usually quite critical of Russia) spoke out against Eichenwald. The Washington Post said that Eichenwald is at best misleading, while BuzzFeed proved that Trump and Moran quoted the same erroneous tweet, which was widespread online.Moran then contacted Eichenwald, attempting to clarify the situation and expecting Eichenwald to retract the story.That, however, did not happen. Instead, Eichenwald asked him to stay silent in exchange for a job as political reporter with The New Republic, and warned him about the potential consequences if the young journalist refused. Moran turned down the offer and went public with his version of events.Moran has left the field of journalism and is currently pursuing a law degree, Sputnik news agency said. Newsweek is an established brand of 80 years and yet it is not even in Sputnik s league in terms of global web traffic and performance, Patrick Henningsen, geopolitical analyst and executive editor at 21stCenturyWire.com, said. News outlets like RT and Sputnik are winning in the ratings battle with many US and UK English language media platforms, he said, and explained why this is happening. It is simply because the Russia-based English language outlets are filling a demand for real international news and edgy opinion. They are simply feeding a massive audience out there which has been intentionally neglected for decades by Western establishment media conglomerates who have always enjoyed a monopoly on the global English language market. A network like RT, and a website like Sputnik, are only filling a demand which was always there. READ MORE ABOUT MSM DISINFORMATION AT: 21st Century Wire Media Cog FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22846,John McCain and The Cancer of Conflict,"Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireThis week some devastating news befell John Sidney McCain III.On Wednesday, his staff announced that the US Senator had been diagnosed with a brain tumor called glioblastoma discovered during recent testing at the Mayo Clinic in Phoenix, Arizona.Since then warm wishes and tributes have been pouring in for the former Republican Presidential candidate. Both the US media and political establishment have closed ranks and are rallying around the Senator to help soften the blow.Putting previous feuds aside, President Donald Trump was magnanimous and cordial to the Arizona Senator, wishing him and his family the very best.  Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain, Cindy, and their entire family,  said Trump.  Get well soon. Even former electoral rival President Barack Obama pitched in a little love for the 80 year old:John McCain is an American hero & one of the bravest fighters I've ever known. Cancer doesn't know what it's up against. Give it hell, John.  Barack Obama (@BarackObama) July 20, 2017Regarding McCain s diagnosis, we all can acknowledge the difficulties and risks involved with various cancer treatments, especially with brain cancer. Likewise, nearly everyone these days can attest to losing a friend, a loved one or family member to the disease.As with anyone suffering from this terrible condition, we wish the Senator well, along with a successful treatment and recovery.Still, McCain has a lot in his favor. Unlike most Americans, he will not have to worry about his medical care, and will be receiving the best cancer treatment money can buy, if not the best in the world, and with absolutely no expense spared. In this way, the Senator is extremely fortunate.And for those reasons, this is not an easy article to write. For fear of appearing too cruel in the face of his dramatic medical disclosure, one would be expected to suspend any political critique for now. Hence, the media has placed an unofficial moratorium on any negative coverage of McCain.That said, he is a special case.  As much as any political leader   he deserves to be panned, even under the present circumstances, because his geopolitical handiwork continues to cause havoc in certain corners of the world.Cancer Treatment in SyriaImmediately after McCain s major health announcement, the US mainstream media and Republicans began fretting over the prospect that his extended absence from the legislature might jeopardize his party s ability to pass legislation to repeal the Affordable Care Act (commonly known as Obamacare).With that in mind, maybe it s worth asking: how many innocent Syrians have been denied basic medical treatment, supplies and pharmaceuticals as a result of the harsh US-led regime economic sanctions imposed on Syria? This brutal campaign of collective punishment has been led by US Senator John McCain.Of course, the idea of sanctions as a form of economic warfare hardly registers in the West as being at all harmful to the population of Syria.  Sanctions? They re not against the people of Syria, only against Assad.   That s the general mainstream phantasm when it comes to sanctions, even though the official numbers show a vivid tale of devastation.One can only imagine how many among Syria s population of 20 million are no longer able to receive cancer treatment in Syria as a result of McCain s insistence on punitive sanctions. Before the conflict in Syria began in 2011, citizens were able to get free medical treatment including high-end state-of-the-art cancer treatment (consider that one simple aspect of this war, as men like John McCain still claim to be delivering  freedom  to the Syrian people by backing armed terrorist factions).Before the terrorist forces occupied the eastern part of the city, Aleppo was home to one of the Middle East s top cancer treatment centers, Al-Kindi Hospital. This is important because after McCain s secret trip to the Aleppo area in May 2013, the very same  rebels  he was cavorting with and supplying weapons to   the  Free Syrian Army  (under the command of Jabbat al Nusra aka al Qaeda in Syria) would later order the bombing on this cancer treatment hospital.Professor Tim Anderson explains the destruction of Al Kindi Hospital in December 2013, including the shameful spin applied after the fact by BBC and western mainstream media:In an Orwellian revision of events the BBC (21 December 2013) reported the destruction of Al-Kindi with the headline:  Syria rebels take back strategic hospital in Aleppo . The introduction claimed the  massive suicide lorry bomb  had managed  to seize back a strategic ruined hospital occupied by Assad loyalists.  Al-Kindi was said to have been  a disused building  and  according to an unconfirmed report, 35 rebels died in the attack . In fact, these  rebels  were a coalition of Free Syrian Army and Jabhat al Nusra, while the  Assad loyalists  were the staff and security guards of a large public hospital.Watch as McCain s  freedom fighters  in Syria drive a suicide truck bomb into the ground level of Al Kindi Cancer Treatment Center in Aleppo:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=www.youtube.com/watch?v=KCwWgTUpGpE . How many Syrian lives were needlessly cut short as a direct result of that bombing carried out by McCain s own Free Syrian Army? For the cost of McCain s treatment at the world-famous Mayo Clinic, who knows how many Syrians could have received desperately needed treatment at Al Kindi or other similarly crippled facilities in Syria? One hundred, or possibly one thousand?Add to this, how many have died or suffer permanent health afflictions as a direct result of US economic sanctions which have crippled Syria s own National Health Service? One hundred thousand, or maybe five hundred thousand? One million? One day, those figures will be recorded and we will have the answer.The other piece of US legislation currently on the table which Republicans are desperate to pass is the $1-trillion US infrastructure spending package. Juxtapose that scene next to the systematic destruction of Syria s infrastructure by US Coalition and IDF airstrikes and destruction by proxy militant forces on the ground. Estimates for the cost to Syria range from $180 billion to $275 million. If the conflict continues past 2020, then these numbers could easily double.In spite of all this, John McCain claims to have no regrets about the damage that he and his fellow war hawks have inflicted on Syria.The Cancer of ConflictAt the same time that political figures like Barrack Obama dutifully respect the official Washington line on John McCain as the consummate  Vietnam War hero , very few in the establishment would dare to criticize the powerful Arizona Senator for his central role in engineering instability and violent conflict in foreign countries.John McCain sneaks into Syria illegally in May 2013 to meet with known terrorists, promising them weapons and regime change by way US bombs would drop in the Fall of 2013.. Americans should be reminded that more than any other single US official, John McCain has been the driving force behind the training and arming of violent jihadist and terrorists fighting groups in Syria, and that those same terrorists have slaughtered tens of thousands of innocent civilians including women and children in Syria and beyond   all sacrificed at the altar of a US-led geopolitical power play in the Middle East, and in the name of Israeli  security interests. Back in 2012, a delusional McCain, along with another dotty war enthusiast, Connecticut Senator Joe Liberman, insisted that the US needed to arm the  rebels  in Syria in order to  save lives.  Their statement read: The bloodshed must be stopped, and we should rule out no option that could help to save lives. We must consider, among other actions, providing opposition groups inside Syria, both political and military, with better means to organize their activities, to care for the wounded and find safe haven, to communicate securely, to defend themselves, and to fight back against Assad s forces. From the onset of hostilities in 2011, the bold-faced lie that McCain and partner Lindsey Graham have promulgated is that violent jihadists were nothing more than affable  moderate rebels.  That piece of Washington fiction has been widely discredited by now.Later on in 2015, McCain announced that the US should be supplying stinger missiles to the so-called  rebels  in Syria: We certainly did that in Afghanistan. After the Russians invaded Afghanistan, we provided them with surface-to-air capability. It d be nice to give people that we train and equip and send them to fight the ability to defend themselves. That s one of the fundamental principles of warfare as I understand it,  said McCain.Soon after that statement, thousands of US-made TOW Missiles were smuggled into Syria and used by terrorists groups under the command umbrella of Al Nusra.In her recent expos  for Trud Newspaper, Bulgarian journalist Dilyana Gaytandzhieva revealed the massive scale and scope of the illegal US-NATO weapons trafficking operation to arm thousands of terrorist fighters in Syria.Despite the overwhelming destruction in Syria and the abject failure of his policies, McCain has never given up on the policy of illegal weapons trafficking in Syria. Just this week, McCain, Chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, openly protested against the Trump Administration s latest announcement to bring an end to the CIA s failed program of illegally arming and training  anti-Assad  terrorists in Syria. Rather than admitting what everyone else in the world seems to know already   that the US  train and equip  program has been a debacle   instead he feigns defiance, while demonstrating a breathtaking level of ignorance by accusing the White House of being part of a Russian conspiracy: If these reports are true, the administration is playing right into the hands of Vladimir Putin.   Making any concession to Russia, absent a broader strategy for Syria, is irresponsible and short-sighted. When promoting their latest war, McCain is normally part of a tandem act, accompanied by his geomancing interest, South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham, who arguably views the world through an even more deranged, albeit binary comic book prism: Breaking Syria apart from Iran could be as important to containing a nuclear Iran as sanctions. If the Syrian regime is replaced with another form of government that doesn t tie its future to the Iranians, the world is a better place. Like a world view gleaned straight from Ian Fleming s Goldfinger.In his seminal 2008 interview with McCain heading to the GOP presidential nomination, The Atlantic magazine s Jeffrey Goldberg asked,  What do you think motivates Iran? .  to which McCain replied: Hatred. I don t try to divine people s motives. I look at their actions and what they say. I don t pretend to be an expert on the state of their emotions. I do know what their nation s stated purpose is, I do know they continue in the development of nuclear weapons, and I know that they continue to support terrorists who are bent on the destruction of the state of Israel. You ll have to ask someone who engages in this psycho stuff to talk about their emotions. McCain s views on Iraq were even more disturbing, essentially surmising that the invasion and occupation was a good thing, and that we shouldn t have left because  leaving Iraq gave rise to al Qaeda.  OK. Admittedly, it s a bit counter intuitive, but it works for neoconservatives.These statements by McCain and Graham are not admissions made by normal well-adjusted individuals, but rather by cold, dark hearted sociopaths who generally view the lives of Arabs (along with Slavs, Russians and others) as necessary cannon fodder in the pursuit of military industrial profits for a select cadr  of transnational corporate  defense  contractors   whose interests Senator John McCain represents in his home state of Arizona; Boeing, Raytheon, Lockheed Martin, General Dynamics, and the list goes on, and on.The geopolitical hubris doesn t end there, as McCain still maintains   even after 6 years of absolute implosion of his own foreign policy agenda   that removing Syrian President Bashar al Assad from power is still a  key pillar  of the US strategy for Syria. The administration has yet to articulate its vision for Syria beyond the defeat of ISIL, let alone a comprehensive approach to the Middle East,  said McCain this week.The reality, of course, is that ISIL/ISIS could have been defeated already had the US-led  Coalition  and Israel not illegally intervened in Syria territory. Far from doing much to  defeat ISIS  since they have invaded Syrian airspace since 2014, the US has conveniently stretched-out the  ISIS problem  through the extension of its own self-styled international mandate which was originally intended to serve as a precursor to the eventual break-up of Syria into federal states and ethnic cantons. This might explain McCain s rush to enact regime change in Syria before lording over the eventual break-up of the sovereign nation-state.All Things RussianThe other country which McCain is determined break is Russia. Vladimir Putin is a murder and a KGB thug,  crowed McCain on CNN last year, as he protested against positive statements about Russia made by then candidate Trump.Suffice to say, he, along with the boards of Boeing, Raytheon, Lockheed Martin, are all extremely happy about NATO pressing right up against the Russian border in eastern Europe.But 2013 was indeed a busy year for the Senator stirring up trouble internationally. As part of his opening gambit against Moscow, it was McCain who was the driving force behind the US-backed coup d etat in Ukraine in February 2014   which ultimately led to a bloody civil war which continues to this day in the Ukraine. Apparently, this was McCain s way of  stopping Putin. His is a very dodgy track record; whether it s NeoNazis, or Jihadi Terrorists, McCain seems always ready to do a deal with the devil, and that s what makes him particularly dangerous.Below we can see McCain helping to whip-up Nazi-linked, neofascist street mobs in Kiev helping to bring the ensuing junta into power. Some mainstream US pundits have claimed that this never happened, and that it s just a conspiracy theory invented by  Russian propagandists  to discredit McCain. Unfortunately for them   it is true, and here is the photo to prove it:Senator John McCain (AZ) shares the stage in Kiev with far-right, NeoNazi Right Sector strongman, Oleg Tyhanbock, ahead of violent street protests in Ukraine in December of 2013, in advance of the US-backed coup.. Looking back at his erratic and flippant behavior, attacking nearly anyone who even suggested d tente with Russia or that supplying lethal arms to militants in Syria was a bad idea, it s no surprise that cognizant onlookers have questioned whether or not McCain is in a normal frame of mind.Frankly speaking, how could any one in their right mind be so consistently on the wrong side of every issue? How could any politician s judgement be that poor? Unless there was something else going on below the surface The questions didn t stop there. McCain s performance during a recent Senate Intelligence Committee Hearing on  Russian Influence in US Elections  was an embarrassment. Onlookers were stunned when McCain lost the plot during the hearing when asking former FBI Director James Comey: Well, at least in the minds of this member, there s a whole lot of questions remaining about what went on, particularly considering the fact that as you mentioned, it s a  big deal  as to what went on during the campaign, so I m glad you concluded that part of the investigation, but I think that the American people have a whole lot of questions out there, particularly since you just emphasized the role that Russia played. And obviously she was a candidate for president at the time. So she was clearly involved in this whole situation where fake news, as you just described it, is a big deal took place. You re going to have to help me out here. In other words, we re complete, the investigation of anything former Secretary Clinton had to do with the campaign is over and we don t have to worry about it anymore?  to which Comey replied: With respect to   I m a little confused. With respect to Secretary Clinton, we investigated a criminal investigation with her use of a personal email server. McCain then finished digging his own hole by responding: So at the same time you made the announcement there would be no further charges brought against then-Secretary Clinton for any activities involved in the Russia involvement and our engagement and our election. I don t quite understand how you can be done with that but not done with the whole investigation of their attempt to affect the out of come our election. It was clear McCain had no idea what was going on. At that point any reasonable person would have concluded that John McCain had in fact lost his mind   and was no longer fit to serve in public office.  In fact, 21WIRE made this very same case back in 2013 after McCain was caught playing video poker on his iPhone during a Senate Committee where lawmakers were debating the very war of which he is a chief architect. Here is the photo:As stunning displays of ignorance go, the video poker incident was one of McCain s greatest ever, and certainly should have been a warning to everyone that this man had no business making military decisions, let alone litigating war and peace between nuclear superpowers like the United States and Russia.Perhaps an announcement is forthcoming, but it s surprising after being diagnosed with brain cancer at 80 years old   why McCain has not yet announced his resignation from office?It s fair to say that while this Senator is being treated in the world s leading medical facilities, thousands of innocents will have died needlessly because of US sanctions and support for terrorists   all in the name of defense, energy and ever vast corporate profits. Strange as that might sound to some, for those who consider themselves members of a ruling elite and its mandarin management class, that is perfectly acceptable quid pro quo in 2017.After World War II, the military industrial complex and the international arms trade has spread conflict like a disease across the planet, metastasizing in ways, in places, and on a scale which no one could have previously imagined before. Undoubtedly, over the last decade, John McCain has played a key role in spreading that anguish. For the people of Syria, Afghanistan and the Ukraine, that will be his legacy, not the chimerical image of a  maverick  Senator or the  war hero. Once again, we implore the Senator to do the right thing by the American people and for those innocents around the world who have suffered at the hands of an arms industry whose interests John McCain represents Please, just retire.*** READ MORE MCCAIN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire John McCain FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22847,Boiler Room EP #118,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Daniel Spaulding Soul of the Eastof  and FunkSoul & Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for the hundred and eighteenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show the ACR Brain-Trust is back with another meeting of the Social Reject Club in the No Friends Left Zone! The gang is covering a number of topics this week including: The badge of honor bestowed upon our very own Andy Nowicki who has been added to the Anti-Defamation League s list of  hateful conservatives,  the sexualization of children being pushed by the disgusting  Teen Vogue  magazine, how modern pornography is ruining the next generation of young people, the latest failure of the discredited mainstream media to tie Donald Trump Jr. to Russian collusion, Donald Trump s move to stop the CIA s covert program of arming and training terrorists to wage war by proxy in Syria, the strange coincidences and anomalies with the death of Linkin Park singer Chester Bennington, a curious link revealing a book written in the 1890s about a character named Baron Trump who goes on an adventure to the center of the earth and more.Direct Download Episode #118Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22848,Progressive Lunacy: PETA Claims Indonesian Monkey Owns ‘Selfie’ Copyright,"21st Century Wire says You know that western society is approaching its final hour when animal rights activists start advocating individual animals to be able to sue humans in courts. That s exactly what has happened in the US.We can trace some of this line of thinking back to Cass Sunstein, the radical, liberal progressive technocrat and chief advisor to President Barack Obama (as well as the husband of disastrous UN Ambassador Samantha Power). According to his own writing and public declarations, Sunstein believes that activists should be able to bring a lawsuit on behalf of an animal in US courts. In his 2004 book Animal Rights: Current Debates and New Directions, Sunstein remarked:Cass Sunstein. My simplest suggestion is that private citizens should be given the right to bring suits to prevent animals from being treated in a way that violates current law. I offer a recommendation that is theoretically modest but that should do a lot of practical good: laws designed to protect animals against cruelty and abuse should be amended and interpreted to give a private cause of action against those who violate them, so as to allow private people to supplement the efforts of public prosecutors. Somewhat more broadly, I will suggest that animals should be permitted to bring suit, with human beings as their representatives, to prevent violations of current law. As one of liberal America s most influential technocrats, Sunstein argues that this legal right can be invoked on the basis of animal cruelty. While no cruelty seems to be present in the case of the Monkey Selfie (see story below), activists at PETA were no doubt emboldened by Sunstein and others who have propelled their ideological argument into the political activist discourse.While our society and our legal system are far from perfect, a move like this from a wealthy charity like PETA could throw that system into even further chaos.Surely, if animals can sue humans, then shouldn t humans be able to sue animals? As you can see, when you pursue this activist rabbit hole, reality starts to dissolve rather quickly.More on this incredible story from AP Monkey Selfie    Copyright credited to David J. Slater (UK)Linda Wang APcurious monkey with a toothy grin and a knack for pressing a camera button was back in the spotlight Wednesday as a federal appeals court heard arguments on whether an animal can hold a copyright to selfie photos.A 45-minute hearing before a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in San Francisco attracted crowds of law students and curious citizens who often burst into laughter. The federal judges also chuckled at times at the novelty of the case, which involves a monkey in another country that is unaware of the fuss.Andrew Dhuey, attorney for British nature photographer David Slater, said  monkey see, monkey sue  is not good law under any federal act.Naruto is a free-living crested macaque who snapped perfectly framed selfies in 2011 that would make even the Kardashians proud.People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals [PETA] sued Slater and the San Francisco-based self-publishing company Blurb, which published a book called  Wildlife Personalities  that includes the monkey selfies, for copyright infringement. It sought a court order in 2015 allowing it to administer all proceeds from the photos taken in a wildlife reserve in Sulawesi, Indonesia to benefit the monkey.Slater says the British copyright for the photos obtained by his company, Wildlife Personalities Ltd., should be honored Continue this story at AP/Chicago TribunePictured here is a typical Indonesian Crested Black Macaque monkey (Image Credit: Lip Key Yap, Wikicommons)READ MORE FINANCIAL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Financial FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22849,"FBI Agent Indicted In Killing of Lavoy Finicum, Hires High-Profile DC Lawyer","21st Century Wire says Back in January of 2016, 21WIRE reported how the Oregon Standoff protesters  convoy was intercepted in a ambush by federal forces, and how Lavoy Finicum was executed by a rogue agent. The mainstream media was silent. Running point on the government s propaganda campaign was the Oregonian newspaper s supposed  award-winning reporter  Les Zaitz who shamefully referred to the planned federal ambush as  a traffic stop.  As it turns out   the mainstream media was completely wrong   while we were right. This was an elaborate federally managed cover-up from the beginning.21WIRE reported at the time the obvious contradiction; without any audio track to synch with the FBI s aerial footage it was impossible to know when shots were fired and if the official story was actually true. As part of the federal cover-up, FBI Special Agent in Charge, Greg Bretzing, insisted that their footage provided an honest and unfiltered view of what happened. It wasn t   and new evidence told a completely different story, exposing the official story as a lie from the onset.Finicum was shot three times in the back An autopsy revealed with one of the bullets piercing Finicum s heart.The obvious problem with how these latest legal proceedings are being framed is this: Finicum is execute with three shots to the back after a pre-planned federal ambush, while the hired federal gunman who pulled the trigger is indicted for   lying. Will his family and friends get justice this time around? EXECUTED:Robert LaVoy Finicum (January 27, 1961   January 26, 2016) Conrad Wilson OPDThe FBI agent indicted for allegedly lying about a pivotal moment during the 2016 Malheur National Wildlife Refuge occupation has hired a high-profile Washington D.C.-based attorney to defend him.Indicted FBI Hostage Rescue Team member W. Joseph Astarita has retained Robert Cary, who is well known in the nation s capital for his defense of former Alaska Sen. Ted Stevens.In 2008, the Department of Justice indicted the Republican senator on corruption charges. Years later, the case was dismissed and found to be an example of gross prosecutorial misconduct. If what happened to Sen. Ted Stevens, a powerful Senator   a few blocks from the Supreme Court of the United States, a few blocks from the United States Capitol   if it can happen to him, it can happen to anybody,  Cary said in a 2015 speech to an American Bar Association gathering.Cary will serve as co-counsel in the Astarita case with Portland based attorneys David Angeli and Tyler Francis, according to Angeli.Federal prosecutors have accused Astarita of lying to investigators about firing his gun during a traffic stop that left Malhuer occupation leader Robert  LaVoy  Finicum dead.Though neither of Astarita s shots hit Finicum, prosecutors have charged the FBI agent with several felonies for allegedly failing to disclose them. Those charges include making false statements and obstruction of justice Continue this story at OPDREAD MORE BUNDY RANCH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bundy FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22850,"The Demise of Progressive Democrats: ‘Resist and Submit, Retreat and Surrender’","21st Century Wire says The US 2016 Presidential Election was a watershed point in 21st century western politics. With the defeat of Hillary Clinton and the near collapse of the Democratic Party, it seems that America s  progressive  left has lost the ability to relate to much of the working and the middle classes. During the Obama Administration, the party was taken over by the billionaire donor class ruled by Wall Street interests, Silicon Valley svengalis, and the unelected commissariate   the Democratic National Committee (DNC). Their failed strategy of total reliance on identity politics at home, and backing Islamist extremism and a New Cold War with Russia abroad   has spelled abject failure for the US electorate. Still, the vanguard of the progressive left is still in denial of these realities. However, a new shake-up on the left may already be underway.Last month, America s latest progressive icon, Bernie Sanders had this to say Sanders: ""The Democratic Party is an absolute failure."" (June 11, 2017)See also: https://t.co/cnrVTiKUnn pic.twitter.com/mJxrguyMyM  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) July 9, 2017While his candid depiction of a broken political party certainly rings true, it seems that Sanders is avoiding some of the more fundamental aspects of his party s rapid disintegration, namely the left s role in compromising America s reputation internationally by caving in to a largely Neoconservative and globalist foreign policy agenda, as author James Petras explains James Petras Information Clearing House Over the past quarter century progressive writers, activists and academics have followed a trajectory from left to right   with each presidential campaign seeming to move them further to the right. Beginning in the 1990 s progressives mobilized millions in opposition to wars, voicing demands for the transformation of the US s corporate for-profit medical system into a national Medicare For All public program. They condemned the notorious Wall Street swindlers and denounced police state legislation and violence. But in the end, they always voted for Democratic Party Presidential candidates who pursued the exact opposite agenda.Over time this political contrast between program and practice led to the transformation of the Progressives. And what we see today are US progressives embracing and promoting the politics of the far right.To understand this transformation we will begin by identifying who and what the progressives are and describe their historical role. We will then proceed to identify their trajectory over the recent decades.We will outline the contours of recent Presidential campaigns where Progressives were deeply involved.We will focus on the dynamics of political regression: From resistance to submission, from retreat to surrender.We will conclude by discussing the end result: The Progressives  large-scale, long-term embrace of far-right ideology and practice.Progressives by Name and PostureProgressives purport to embrace  progress , the growth of the economy, the enrichment of society and freedom from arbitrary government. Central to the Progressive agenda was the end of elite corruption and good governance, based on democratic procedures.Progressives prided themselves as appealing to  reason, diplomacy and conciliation , not brute force and wars. They upheld the sovereignty of other nations and eschewed militarism and armed intervention.Progressives proposed a vision of their fellow citizens pursuing incremental evolution toward the  good society , free from the foreign entanglements, which had entrapped the people in unjust wars.Progressives in Historical PerspectiveIn the early part of the 20th century, progressives favored political equality while opposing extra-parliamentary social transformations. They supported gender equality and environmental preservation while failing to give prominence to the struggles of workers and African Americans.They denounced militarism in general but supported a series of wars to end all wars . Theodore Roosevelt and Woodrow Wilson embodied the dual policies of promoting peace at home and bloody imperial wars overseas. By the middle of the 20th century, different strands emerged under the progressive umbrella. Progressives split between traditional good government advocates and modernists who backed socio-economic reforms, civil liberties and rights.Progressives supported legislation to regulate monopolies, encouraged collective bargaining and defended the Bill of Rights.Progressives opposed wars and militarism in theory  until their government went to war.Lacking an effective third political party, progressives came to see themselves as the left wing of the Democratic Party, allies of labor and civil rights movements and defenders of civil liberties.Progressives joined civil rights leaders in marches, but mostly relied on legal and electoral means to advance African American rights.Progressives played a pivotal role in fighting McCarthyism, though ultimately it was the Secretary of the Army and the military high command that brought Senator McCarthy to his knees.Progressives provided legal defense when the social movements disrupted the House UnAmerican Activities Committee.They popularized the legislative arguments that eventually outlawed segregation, but it was courageous Afro-American leaders heading mass movements that won the struggle for integration and civil rights.In many ways the Progressives complemented the mass struggles, but their limits were defined by the constraints of their membership in the Democratic Party.The alliance between Progressives and social movements peaked in the late sixties to mid-1970 s when the Progressives followed the lead of dynamic and advancing social movements and community organizers especially in opposition to the wars in Indochina and the military draft.The Retreat of the ProgressivesBy the late 1970 s the Progressives had cut their anchor to the social movements, as the anti-war, civil rights and labor movements lost their impetus (and direction).The numbers of progressives within the left wing of the Democratic Party increased through recruitment from earlier social movements. Paradoxically, while their  numbers  were up, their caliber had declined, as they sought to  fit in  with the pro-business, pro-war agenda of their President s party.Without the pressure of the  populist street  the Progressives-turned-Democrats adapted to the corporate culture in the Party. The Progressives signed off on a fatal compromise: The corporate elite secured the electoral party while the Progressives were allowed to write enlightened manifestos about the candidates and their programs . . . which were quickly dismissed once the Democrats took office. Yet the ability to influence the  electoral rhetoric  was seen by the Progressives as a sufficient justification for remaining inside the Democratic Party.Moreover the Progressives argued that by strengthening their presence in the Democratic Party, (their self-proclaimed boring from within strategy), they would capture the party membership, neutralize the pro-corporation, militarist elements that nominated the president and peacefully transform the party into a  vehicle for progressive changes .Upon their successful  deep penetration  the Progressives, now cut off from the increasingly disorganized mass social movements, coopted and bought out many prominent black, labor and civil liberty activists and leaders, while collaborating with what they dubbed the more malleable centrist Democrats. These mythical creatures were really pro-corporate Democrats who condescended to occasionally converse with the Progressives while working for the Wall Street and Pentagon elite.The Retreat of the Progressives: The Clinton DecadeProgressives adapted the  crab strategy : Moving side-ways and then backwards but never forward.Progressives mounted candidates in the Presidential primaries, which were predictably defeated by the corporate Party apparatus, and then submitted immediately to the outcome. The election of President  Bill  Clinton launched a period of unrestrained financial plunder, major wars of aggression in Europe (Yugoslavia) and the Middle East (Iraq), a military intervention in Somalia and secured Israel s victory over any remnant of a secular Palestinian leadership as well as its destruction of Lebanon!Progressives followed Clinton s deep throated thrust toward the far right, as he outsourced manufacturing jobs to Mexico (NAFTA) and re-appointed Federal Reserve s free market, Ayn Rand-fanatic, Alan Greenspan.Like a huge collective  Monica Lewinsky  robot, the Progressives in the Democratic Party bent over and swallowed Clinton s vicious 1999 savaging of the venerable Glass Steagall Act, thereby opening the floodgates for massive speculation on Wall Street through the previously regulated banking sector. When President Clinton gutted welfare programs, forcing single mothers to take minimum-wage jobs without provision for safe childcare, millions of poor white and minority women were forced to abandon their children to dangerous makeshift arrangements in order to retain any residual public support and access to minimal health care. Progressives looked the other way.Progressives repeatedly kneeled before President Clinton marking their submission to the Democrats   hard right  policies.The election of Republican President G. W. Bush (2001-2009) permitted Progressive s to temporarily trot out and burnish their anti-war, anti-Wall Street credentials. Out in the street, they protested Bush s savage invasion of Iraq (but not the destruction of Afghanistan). They protested the media reports of torture in Abu Ghraib under Bush, but not the massive bombing and starvation of millions of Iraqis that had occurred under Clinton. Progressives protested the expulsion of immigrants from Mexico and Central America, but were silent over the brutal uprooting of refugees resulting from US wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, or the systematic destruction of their nations  infrastructure.Progressives embraced Israel s bombing, jailing and torture of Palestinians by voting unanimously in favor of increasing the annual $3 billion dollar military handouts to the brutal Jewish State. They supported Israel s bombing and slaughter in Lebanon.Progressives were in retreat, but retained a muffled voice and inconsequential vote in favor of peace, justice and civil liberties. They kept a certain distance from the worst of the police state decrees by the Republican Administration.Progressives and Obama: From Retreat to SurrenderWhile Progressives maintained their tepid commitment to civil liberties, and their highly  leveraged  hopes for peace in the Middle East, they jumped uncritically into the highly choreographed Democratic Party campaign for Barack Obama,  Wall Street s First Black President .Progressives had given up their quest to  realign  the Democratic Party from within : they turned from serious tourism to permanent residency. Progressives provided the foot soldiers for the election and re-election of the warmongering  Peace Candidate  Obama. After the election, Progressives rushed to join the lower echelons of his Administration. Black and white politicos joined hands in their heroic struggle to erase the last vestiges of the Progressives  historical legacy.Obama increased the number of Bush-era imperial wars to attacking seven weak nations under American s  First Black  President s bombardment, while the Progressives ensured that the streets were quiet and empty.When Obama provided trillions of dollars of public money to rescue Wall Street and the bankers, while sacrificing two million poor and middle class mortgage holders, the Progressives only criticized the bankers who received the bailout, but not Obama s Presidential decision to protect and reward the mega-swindlers.Under the Obama regime social inequalities within the United States grew at an unprecedented rate. The Police State Patriot Act was massively extended to give President Obama the power to order the assassination of US citizens abroad without judicial process. The Progressives did not resign when Obama s  kill orders  extended to the  mistaken  murder of his target s children and other family member, as well as unidentified bystanders. The icon carriers still paraded their banner of the first black American President when tens of thousands of black Libyans and immigrant workers were slaughtered in his regime-change war against President Gadhafi Continue this article at Information Clearing HouseREAD MORE POLICE STATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Police State FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22851,STAR WARS 2.0: Washington’s Battle to Fund Space Warfare,"21st Century Wire says In 1983, US President Ronald Reagan launched the Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI), a space-based anti-missile system which came to be known as  Star Wars.  At the time, SDI was meant to give the US a nuclear first-strike against advantage against its geopolitical rival the Soviet Union by using various weaponized technologies including lasers, to intercept Soviet ICBM missiles in space. In the end, the program proved to be too costly, too complicated for a practical role out, and ineffective against non-space faring weapons like cruise missiles, submarine based missile batteries and long range bombers.  Now in 2017, as the Cold War is being re-heated again, the West is potentially looking at the complete militarization of outer space. This time the US nemesis is both Russia and China. But what really driving this new  space race  agenda?Consortium News Exclusive: As a backdrop to the Russia-gate hysteria and the heightened fear of China is a budget war over how much U.S. taxpayer money to pour into space warfare, explains Jonathan Marshall By Jonathan MarshallThere s a civil war being fought on our nation s soil, right in our capital. It pits the Secretary of Defense and senior generals against a bipartisan band of militant legislators who accuse the Pentagon of standing pat while Russian and China work to achieve military superiority over the United States in space.No doubt these bureaucratic warriors will eventually call a truce. But in the meantime, the American people will almost certainly become less secure and more indebted (in budget terms) as a result of both sides  macho posturing for new warfighting capabilities in space (differing mostly on how far and how fast to go).Eager congressional advocates of space warfare have attached an amendment to the House defense authorization bill requiring the Pentagon to create a new U.S. Space Corps to join the Army, Navy, Air Force, Marines and Coast Guard by 2019. Currently, the Air Force oversees most space warfare projects.The amendment has sent senior Pentagon leadership into a tizzy. Secretary of Defense James Mattis  strongly  urged Congress to rescind the requirement, stating in a letter that  it is premature to add additional organization and administrative tail to the department at a time I am trying to reduce overhead. Similarly, Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson protested that the proposal will simply  add more boxes to the organization chart.  Meanwhile, Gen. John W. Raymond, commander of Air Force Space Command, insisted that his service has space matters well in hand. (He should be happy   the Pentagon recently raised his position to a 4-star rank.)Upping the AnteIn response, Rep. Mike Rogers, an Alabama Republican and chairman of the Strategic Forces subcommittee, announced that he was  pissed  and  outraged  at the Air Force for fighting the new Space Command, saying its obstructionism would  set back efforts to respond to adversaries and space threats  and allow Russia and China  to surpass us soon. The Air Force leadership would have us trust them: I don t think so,  Rogers sneered, as if speaking about the Russians.  They just need a few more years to rearrange the deck chairs: I don t think so. This is the same Air Force that got us into the situation where the Russians and the Chinese are near-peers to us in space.  He vowed,  We will not allow the status quo to continue. Behind all the fiery argumentation lies a bipartisan consensus that the United States must sharply increase its spending on the militarization of space to maintain global supremacy. Gen. Raymond applauded Congress for recognizing the  national imperative  of his mission to  normalize, elevate, and integrate space as a war-fighting domain. Secretary Wilson published an op-ed column last month on her new initiatives to  develop space airmen who have the tools, training, and resources to fight when   not if   war extends into space.  She fully expects Congress to follow through on her request for a 20 percent increase in Air Force space funding. (Total military spending on space, including non-Air Force programs like the National Reconnaissance Office, came to about $22 billion last year.)What s driving all this activity   aside from baser motives of bureaucratic advantage and financial gain  are  intelligence assessments  that  China and Russia have aggressive programs to both demonstrate and produce eventual operational capability to . . . attack our space assets across the spectrum,  in the words of David Hardy, acting deputy undersecretary of the Air Force for Space. While we re not at war in space, I don t think we can say we re exactly at peace, either, said Navy Vice Adm. Charles A. Richard, deputy commander of U.S. Strategic Command, in March. Gen. John Hyten, head of the Pentagon s Strategic Command, recently declared that the United States needs not only a good defense, but  an offensive capability to challenge  space threats from Russia and China.The High Stakes in SpaceThe stakes are potentially huge because the United States uses space for all manner of command, control, and intelligence missions, not to mention civilian applications. Orbiting satellites provide near-real-time images of conflict zones, sense missile launches and nuclear tests, provide precise positioning coordinates to guide weapons systems, and route secure communications to remote regions of the globe Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE SPACE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Space FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22852,Boiler Room EP #117 – Straight Outta Tavistock & The Woke AF Zombie Apocalypse,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along side Jay Dyer & Jamie Hanshaw of Jay s Analysis and FunkSoul & Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for the hundred and seventeenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re focused on the Tavistock style social engineering tactics that have been imposed upon western society, their origins, their modern manifestations and their effects on different generations over time that have been exposed to them. Join us for some laughs, some face-palm moments, some enlightening context to where we find ourselves in this place in time and history. The gang lays out the pitfalls of  blue-pill,   normie life,  some James Bond trivia, Hollywood analysis and an ice breaker likely to make you cringe.Direct Download Episode #117Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22853,NOTHING BIG MAC: Donald Trump Jr Caught in Latest Russiamania Ragbag,"Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireDespite repeated failures in litigating the  Russian Collusion  case, America s mainstream media and liberal establishment are still trying to manifest new episodes, hoping that one will turn up Trump.What was billed by the US mainstream media this week as a smoking gun, still hasn t produced anything remotely compelling, not by normal journalistic standards anyway.At first it looked salacious and on first read had all the makings of a Russo-American sequel to Get Shorty Last summer, well before Russiamania descended upon the US media and body politic, a former Trump Organization and entertainment agent associate, Rob Goldstone, emailed Donald Trump Jr about an interesting meeting in Trump Tower. Goldstone laid the bait, according to an email chain released by Donald Trump Jr this week, indicating that the purpose of the meeting was as follows:  to provide the Trump campaign with some official documents and information that would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with Russia and would be very useful to your father. This is obviously very high level and sensitive information but is part of Russia and its government s support for Mr Trump. No doubt intriguing, to which Trump the younger replied: If it s what you say I love it especially later in the summer. At last, no more vegan news. Russiagate has finally served up some red meat, and so it began.In a personal statement released on Monday by Donald Trump Jr, he maintained his innocence regarding the matter: The information they suggested they had about Hillary Clinton I thought was Political Opposition Research. Obviously I'm the first person on a campaign to ever take a meeting to hear info about an opponent  went nowhere but had to listen. https://t.co/ccUjL1KDEa  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 10, 2017By that time the media had already made the jump to hyperspace. The headlines all hummed in unison, gleefully touting along the lines of,  At last, they all thought, after 10 months and hundreds of millions of dollars spent, and public money wasted, and thousands of hours of hollow media coverage   we ve finally got it! If the media is to believed, you d think that every Trump-Russia story is a precursor for his impeachment.If there s one thing we ve learned from the media by now, it s that even if it s an obvious cul-de-sac, they can still sustain a Trump-Russian story for most of the working week. Just this morning, an enthusiastic Washington Post, still going strong, pushed out the headline which read: Category 5 hurricane : White House under siege by Trump Jr. s Russia revelations. Not surprisingly, CNN was just as determined, like a dog searching for its chew toy under the couch. CNN breaking news voiceover presenter announced loudly,  Another potential bombshell report from the New York Times  the key word here being  potential,  but that s already a stretch. There are plenty in the media who would like there to be something there, but to paraphrase one of the great political eels of all time, Donna Brazile   There is no there, there. While pushing the story on Tuesday, CNN s lead paragraph was keen to stress that President Donald Trump s eldest son, Donald Trump Jr, met a  Russian government attorney    even though everyone already knew by that time that the attorney in question, Natalia Veselnitskaya, had already stated she had never acted on behalf of the Russian government.Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya (Source: The Australian) According to Donald Trump Jr s own personal statement and email chain released on Twitter, Russian lawyer Veselnitskaya produced no useful dirt on Hillary Clinton at the supposedly magnanimous meeting in Trump Tower and claims the meeting was really about the Magnitsky Act, signed by President Barack Obama in 2012 which contained targeted sanctions against Russian individuals and which also put the brakes on US-Russia adoptions. At the time we were told that Russian President Vladimir Putin viewed the Act as an affront to Russian national interests and retaliated by halting American adoptions of Russian children.The Magnitsky Affair became the cause de jour for the West as well as the opening salvo in the New Cold War, but according to  veteran investigative reporter Robert Parry the real details of this scandal have been purposefully blocked from Western eyes and ears. Instead, a mythology has been perpetuated which persists to this day thanks to the efforts of one of the scandal s protagonists, hedge-fund operator William Browder.Beyond the palace intrigue and the Magnitsky angle, no mainstream journalists seem brave enough to ask the simple question: is there a story here? In the end, no information was passed to Trump, and no crime appears to have been committed. It s not just a nothing burger, it s a nothing Big Mac.Staying to the task at hand, the New York Times kept establishment s Russiamania on track. Right on queue, the New York Times responded to Trump Jr s email release by trying elevate the alleged incident to the level of  Russian collusion  with its headline, When the Kremlin Says  Adoptions,  It Means  Sanctions . CNN also used the opportunity to recycle and repeat what should be by now a discredited piece of fiction by crowing,  The US intelligence community concluded that Russian President Vladimir Putin directed an influence campaign to hurt Clinton and help Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign Apparently, unhinged editors at CNN are still asleep to the fact that the New York Times had already jettisoned the  17 agencies  fable when they retracted their yarn ten days previous:After seeming to ditch that big white lie which served as the mainstream s keystone anti-Russia trope since the last October, the New York Times has since tried to rehabilitate the narrative in Matthew Rosenburg s frail opus entitled,  Trump Misleads on Russian Meddling: Why 17 Intelligence Agencies Don t Need to Agree. In other words,  Yes, we misled the public on the 17 agencies tale, but he s still guilty. Assange InterventionThe most amazing turn in this story however, does not have to do with the contents of the emails, but rather who took them public first.We re told that someone had possession of the incriminating email chain, and had supplied this to the New York Times.On July 10th, while the story was still percolating, the New York Times boasted:  The Times now has the email to Donald Trump Jr. offering Russian aid to  incriminate Hillary. It seems that while the NYT was gloating over the potential of the story, editor Dean Baquet forgot the golden rule in investigative journalism: publish first, then celebrate. Champagne corks were already popping down on Eight Avenue in advance of the email release, and why not? They really believed they finally had a genuine Russiagate story this time.Here's my statement and the full email chain pic.twitter.com/x050r5n5LQ  Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 11, 2017Once Trump Jr tweeted out the email chain, the story suddenly shifted away from how damning the revelations are for the White House   to how badly the New York Times fumbled this story. If Trump Jr hadn t released the emails, it s a near certainty that the NYT would have cropped and dripped out what it felt were the most juicy bits, and wrapped those in a prefabricated Russiagate narrative, to be disseminated to the Washington Post, CNN, NBC et all. .What incensed the media more than anything was that he had beaten the media to the story by releasing his own emails on Twitter. That canny move by Donald Jr was in part due to the timely intervention and advice by none other than Wikileaks founder Julian Assange who tweeted out after the fact:Contacted Trump Jr this morning on why he should publish his emails (i.e with us). Two hours later, does it himself: https://t.co/FzCttGSyr6  Julian Assange (@JulianAssange) July 11, 2017Later, Assange explained his actions on Twitter:  I argued that his enemies have it   so why not the public? His enemies will just milk isolated phrases for weeks or months  with their own context, spin and according to their own strategic timetable. Better to be transparent and have the full context  but would have been safer for us to publish it anonymously sourced. By publishing it himself it is easier to submit as evidence. Nonetheless, Donald Jr humiliated the New York Times. By telegraphing their story, they gave him an easy opening, in effect beating the New York Times and sucking any available oxygen out of the story.Slightly further up the leftwing of America s east coast intelligensia food chain, The Atlantic Magazine attempted to re-heat this fabulous nothing burger. With no real story to follow-up on, as a consolation prize, writer Mark Galeotti instead focused on  the bizarre as its cast of characters  surrounding this story as he tried to surmise how indicative of an unelected network of wealthy oligarchs, captains of industry and powerful corporations who really run things in Mother Russia. In essence, The Atlantic s Galeotti is complaining that there might actually be a Russian deep state permeating the halls of power in Moscow. He states: These hybrid relationships extend to virtually every arena of state business. The state media is an engine of propaganda. Private banks and businesspeople are, for the most part, exactly who and what they appear to be, but they are used to funnel money to sympathetic foreign parties and politicians when the Kremlin pleases. So, Russia has a deep state too. Is the United States, the UK, or any other Western country  any different?Interestingly, it was The Atlantic who ran a host of Trump-related  deep state  articles through the latter part of the US election cycle. So it s: deep state in the USA = an acceptable fact of life, but deep state in Russia = an evil Putinism.Music promoter Rob Goldstone (Source: Mediaite)Who is Rob Goldstone? If there was ever a dodgy actor in this story, it s this man. We re told that the instigator-cum-middleman of this affair is one Rob Goldstone, a former Trump business associate from the Miss Universe event, and former promoter of Russian-based pop singer and businessman Emin Agalarov. According to the email chain, it was Agalarov who is said to have prompted the meeting at Trump Tower between Trump Jr and Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya, along with President Trump s son-in-law Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort who was Trump s newly appointed campaign boss.Wayward music svengali Goldstone told the future US president s son,   the crown prosecutor of Russia  offered  to provide the Trump campaign with some official documents and information that would incriminate Hillary and her dealings with Russia and would be very useful to your father. This has all the makings of a classic political set-up, with Goldstone positioned as the potential schlepper.Agalarov s family attorney Scott Balber told RT: Rob Goldstone was a publicist, a promoter for Emin s musical career. So, they certainly had a relationship in that regard, Balber said, adding that arranging a meeting about some top-secret information, allegedly coming from the Russian government, was obviously out of Goldstone s competence. Rob Goldstone is an entertainment industry publicist. So, I think it s fair to say that he was out of his alignment in making these communications. And what he said   is not true. CNN s Kathy Griffin pictured here with Rob Goldstone, date and location of image unknown:Don't recall taking this photo with Russian intermediary Rob Goldstone, but I am in my Dynasty hat waiting for my interview with Mr. Mueller pic.twitter.com/VZ4iT1SuJX  Kathy Griffin (@kathygriffin) July 10, 2017Goldstone appears to be a bit of an artful dodger who keeps some interesting company, including Kathy Griffin of CNN fame (see tweet above). Not surprisingly, Griffin can be seen on Twitter trying to milk the Trump Jr-Goldstone scandal for some extra publicity. It was Griffin, commonly referred to as a  female comedian    who had her CNN New Years Eve contract canceled following last month s mock ISIS-style beheading of President Trump.What REAL Collusion Looks likeThe word collusion is a new one for Americans. You almost never heard it before 2017. It came into our cultural lexicon after the previous two iterations of Russiagate were decommissioned due to repeated failures. The first iteration was  Russian hacking  of US elections which despite monumental efforts by the media and Democratic Party   could not actually produce any evidence.  Russian hacking  was later downgraded to  Russian meddling,  which like the hacking meme, led absolutely nowhere. Then came collusion, which in the case of Trump, appears to be going nowhere. Since then,  collusion  has since been lowered to an effete, Russian influence. Back in January however, Politico revealed how the Clinton campaign had actually colluded with the Ukrainian government to spread anti-Trump stories and information during the 2016 election.Unlike the US liberal establishment s Russiagate Hoax, the Clinton-Ukraine story is real, and a definite breach of numerous codes, and possibly illegal. This incredible story was later summarized here by The Daily Caller:A veteran DNC operative who previously worked in the Clinton White House, Alexandra Chalupa, worked with Ukrainian government officials and journalists from both Ukraine and America to dig up Russia-related opposition research on Trump and Manafort. She also shared her anti-Trump research with both the DNC and the Clinton campaign, according to the Politico report. Chalupa met with Ukrainian Ambassador Valeriy Chaly and one of his aides, Oksara Shulyar, at the Ukrainian Embassy in March 2016 to talk about unearthing Paul Manafort s Russian connections, Chalupa admitted to Politico. Four days later, Trump officially hired Manafort. The day after Manafort s hiring was revealed, she briefed the DNC s communications staff on Manafort, Trump and their ties to Russia, according to an operative familiar with the situation,  Politico reported.The Politico report also notes that the DNC encouraged Chalupa to try to arrange an interview with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko to talk about Manafort s ties to the former pro-Russia president of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych, whom Manafort previously advised.To make matters worse, the Clinton campaign then actively coordinated a number of mainstream media journalists to spread the information:In one email released by WikiLeaks, Chalupa told Luis Miranda, then the DNC s communications director, that she was working with Yahoo News reporter Michael Isikoff and  connected him to the Ukrainians. A lot more coming down the pipe. I spoke to a delegation of 68 investigative journalists from Ukraine last Wednesday at the Library of Congress   the Open World Society s forum   they put me on the program to speak specifically about Paul Manafort and I invited [Yahoo News reporter] Michael Isikoff whom I ve been working with for the past few weeks and connected him to the Ukrainians,  Chalupa told Miranda.  More offline tomorrow since there is a big Trump component you and Lauren need to be aware of that will hit in next few weeks and something I m working on you should be aware of. The Open World Leadership Center, which funded Chalupa s briefing of journalists about Manafort, is a taxpayer-funded congressional agency. Regarding the media colluding with Clinton, one of the most disturbing examples of this was when CNN s foreign affairs correspondent Elise Labott (image, left) was caught red-handed coordinating with former Hillary Clinton spokesman and State Department aid, Philippe Reines, on how to damage the public image of former GOP presidential candidate and Kentucky Senator Rand Paul during the 2013 Benghazi Hearings. A batch of emails which was released by Gawker showed how Labott took direction from Reines on how to craft tweets during the January 23, 2013 Senate Foreign Relations Committee Hearing. At the time, Senator Paul was pressing Clinton on the details of Benghazi, and the joint-attack by Reines and CNN s Labott looked very much like retribution. Both Labott and Reines conferred, before Labott tweeted to her followers:  Sen Paul most critical on committee of Clinton, but a little late to the #Benghazi game. Not sure he was at many of the 30 previous briefings. This was a clear effort behind the scenes to defame a sitting US Senator by a member of the press colluding with a Clinton operative. You d think that Elise Labott would have been sacked for this, but after all it s CNN   which means she not only kept her job, but probably got a pay rise to boot.We also learned how Clinton campaign operatives had paid large sums of cash to a shady Washington DC firm called Fusion GPS to conduct  opposition research  on Donald Trump. The firm was originally hired by rival GOP primary candidates to research Trump, but after Trump knocked out all 16 of his rivals and secured the Republican Party nomination, Fusion GPS was then re-hired by Democratic Party donors. Fusion GPS used a portion of that money to contract a former British intelligence agent, Christopher Steele, in order to help produce what would later become known as the  Trump Dossier  which was then handed to one of the establishment s information laundromats, BuzzFeed (owned by NBCUniversal), which was then seized (surprise, surprise) by CNN. Both media outlets happily seized upon the bogus report, claiming to have  damning new information on Donald Trump s ties with Russia.  Steele s colorful report claimed that Russia s FSB intel agency had Kompromat on Trump gathered during a trip to Moscow in 2013. It was this incident which eventually prompted then President-elect Trump to christen CNN and its frivolous correspondent Jim Acosta as  Fake News,  widely regarded as a well-earned label and one which the network hasn t been able to shake off ever since.How this cartel of disinformation goes unregistered on the ethics meter by America s liberal establishment is shocking enough   and speaks to both the built-in bias, and cognitive dissonance that plagues America s bustling partisan media and political establishments.Interestingly, UK website The Independent reported how Ms Veselnitskaya is believed to be linked to Fusion GPS. If there is any truth in that claim, then it could lend further credence to the idea that this entire scenario was an establishment stitch-up, possibly to snare the Trump camp in another Russian scandal. According to their report: A complaint filed last year claimed that GPS Fusion headed the pro-Russia campaign to kill the Magnitsky Act. Fusion GPS is the company behind the creation of the unsubstantiated dossier alleging a conspiracy between President Trump and Russia,  Senator Chuck Grassley wrote in the letter.  It is highly troubling that Fusion GPS appears to have been working with someone with ties to Russian intelligence   let alone someone alleged to have conducted political disinformation campaigns  as part of a pro-Russia lobbying effort while also simultaneously overseeing the creation of the Trump-Russia dossier. Did Fusion GPS arrange this meeting between Trump Jr and Veselnitskaya?The firm denies any involvement stating,  Fusion GPS learned about this meeting from news reports and had no prior knowledge of it. Any claim that Fusion GPS arranged or facilitated this meeting in any way is false. But that rabbit hole leads somewhere, although it s not clear exactly where yet.We do know for sure: that the US mainstream media, especially the New York Times and CNN, cannot be trusted to cover this story fairly or accurately.Watch as 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen discusses the media s dilemma with RT International on July 11th:  *** Patrick Henningsen is an American-born writer and global affairs analyst and founder of independent news and analysis site 21st Century Wire and host of the SUNDAY WIRE weekly radio show broadcast globally over the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR).READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22854,Armed US immigration Officers to Be Stationed in UK Airports,"21st Century Wire says This latest move by the US is being sold to unwitting British holiday makers and business travelers as a  solution to long immigration queues at US airports. Under the new scheme, airlines would be forced to foot the bill for US security personnel and their families to live in the UK. They plan to pay for this by simply passing the extra costs onto passengers travelling from Britain to the US. In other words: air travel may have become more expensive for Brits heading to the US.It s not clear exactly why US officers have to be armed in UK airports. Not surprisingly, few UK media outlets bothered to even question that aspect of the story.Will the British government end up accepting this aggressive move by the US? If so, will it be a dangerous precedent?More from the Daily Mail Chris Pleasance Mail OnlineArmed US immigration officers could be stationed at airports in the UK under plans being discussed between the White House and Westminster.Under the plans British passengers would have their visa paperwork checked before boarding flights, allowing them to skip some queues after arriving in America.But there are fears it could drive up the price of tickets as it remains unclear who will foot the bill for immigration officers to live in this country.Both Manchester and Edinburgh Airport are said to be eager to join the scheme.Heathrow bosses are believed to have turned the idea down because the obstacles involved in bringing immigration officers to this country are insurmountable.Meanwhile Gatwick declared that it has  no plans  to participate in the scheme.Home Office officials confirmed that the plans were being discussed. While it would be up to each airport to negotiate a different process with US authorities, the scheme would need overall approval by the government.The US already has special immigration checks in six countries around the world, with more than 600 law enforcement officers are stationed at 15 locations.Pre-clearance operations in Dublin and Shannon in Ireland opened in 2008 Continue this story at the Daily MailREAD MMORE POLICE STATE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Police State FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22855,"Boiler Room EP #116 – Trigger GIFs, Send in the Clowns","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along Andy Nowicki, Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East and FunkSoul & Miles of Truth (21WIRE & ACR contributors), for the hundred and sixteenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re discussing the past week of fake news, mainstream lies, polititricks and psyops to certainly include the reaction of CNN to President Trump retweeting a GIF that seems to have triggered the leftist top outlet for fake news. We also dug into an article by Miles of Truth centering on Afghanistan, the new influx of troops expected to be heading there, the effect on the black market drug trade, tribal warlords being supported by the military & intelligence agencies and more. Tonight we hit 2 million listens on the ACR spreaker channel which we re celebrating also! Here s to the next million listens! Cheers and thanks to all the Boiler Room and ACR listeners out there.Direct Download Episode #116Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22856,#CNNBlackmail Trending as Network Blackmails Trump Meme Reddit User,"21st Century WireYesterday, US mainstream media outlet CNN threatened to expose the identity of a Reddit user who is said to have created the spoof  WWF  video meme which was Tweeted by President Donald Trump on Sunday morning, showing Trump in a cartoon fight with CNN.This was the offending Tweet which Trump released on Sunday morning, including a video meme gleaned from Reddit: #FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjg  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2017Apparently, CNN was so distraught over Trump s online prank which CNN claimed promoted violence against reporters    that the cable news network tried (unsuccessfully) to get Twitter to remove it from their website.CNN then went on to report on Monday boasting about how they trolled and tracked the Reddit user under the handle HanAssholeSolo who had created the original meme.The following day on Tuesday, the Reddit user made a public apology (since deleted, but posted here at Buzzfeed News). But the apology wasn t voluntary   as CNN appears to have blackmailed the man.Ultimately, CNN decided not to reveal his identity  not for safety reasons, but for political ones, apparently rewarding him for apologizing and recanting his views. In addition, CNN threatened to expose the Reddit user s identity in future if it disapproved of his behavior or his statements   essentially blackmailing him:Now, CNN has been accused of both threatening and blackmailing the creator of the wrestling meme.CNN s KFile  discovered the real identity of the Reddit user credited with creating the meme, HanA**holeSolo, and tried to contact him. The meme creator then apologized on Reddit, saying he doesn t advocate violence against the media. According to CNN, he then got in touch with KFile and asked not to be named. CNN also said that it would not publish the man s name, because he is a private citizen who has issued an extensive statement of apology,  and that CNN reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change. As a result of the controversy, the hashtag #CNNBlackmail has been trending on Twitter.The online backlash has been hard and swift, as thousands of Tweets reveal the scale of public distaste for CNN:""CNN: The Most Trusted Name In Silencing Political Dissent""#CNNBlackmail pic.twitter.com/w0Lpl2ZGc2  Wrongthink Warlord (@NoSlackDelta) July 5, 2017If anyone tried to do what CNN just did on reddit, twitter or almost any online community   they would get instanstly banned. #CNNBlackmail pic.twitter.com/JbtRNPDUYK  Murad Gazdiev (@MuradGazdiev) July 5, 2017CNN tracks a 15 year old meme maker down in a few days but can't prove Russia conspiracy in over a year. #CNNBlackmail  Randy Newton (@threezeroleft) July 5, 2017It s no surprise that CNN reputation has been steadily tanking following a string of fake news reports regarding President Trump and Russia, along with some of the most abysmal journalism ever seen in modern times during its coverage of the 2016 election where it openly backed the eventual loser, Hillary Clinton, as well as continuous bogus reporting coming out of Syria where CNN has repeatedly laid the false claim that,  Assad is gassing his own people. READ MORE CNN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire CNN FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22857,"In the Age of Amazon, Are Traditional Shopping Malls Dead?","USA Meg Mall in Seattle, WA (Source: Bynyalcin @Wikicommons)21st Century WireTraditional U.S. retailers are staring out at the abyss with massive layoffs expected to continue into the next quarter of 2017, according to a report by MarketWatch. In the last four years, traditional retailers have cut more than 200,000 jobs. In contrast, Amazon is set to create 100,000 new full-time jobs over the year in the US.In the early days of Amazon.com the online retailer struggled to turn a profit. Inc. Magazine explains: Despite having revenues of $1.6 billion in 1999, Amazon still managed to lose $719 million. Things didn t get better in 2000, when it was found that Amazon had just around  $350 million of cash on hand,  despite raising billions of dollars. Traditional shopping malls and retailers simply cannot match the lower overhead Amazon business model. The difference between running a warehouse-based infrastructure and a fully operational, brick and mortar venue is pretty obvious   the costs in building and maintaining large bespoke spaces which require 24/7 maintenance and costly renovations, repairs, remodeling.Bloomberg reports: The owner of the Newgate Mall plans to pour $500,000 into overhauling the outdated food court in a bid to lure restaurateurs and hungry shoppers. Rent payments from eateries are never going to recoup the renovation costs, but for landlord Time Equities Inc., that s not the point. The point is survival. Costs are escalating as mall owners work to keep their real estate up to date and fill the void left by failing stores. The companies are turning to everything from restaurants and bars to mini-golf courses and rock-climbing gyms to draw in customers who appear more interested in being entertained during a trip to the mall than they are in buying clothes and electronics. The new tenants will pay higher rents than struggling chains such as Macy s and Sears, and hopefully attract more traffic for retailers at the property, according to Haendel St. Juste, an analyst at Mizuho Securities USA LLC. More than a dozen retailers have gone bankrupt this year as the shift toward online shopping accelerates. Even healthy companies are shutting hundreds of locations. As many as 13,000 stores are forecast to close next year, compared with 4,000 in 2016, according to brokerage Cushman & Wakefield Inc. Are we looking at a new commercial property bubble forming here   as the late 20th century shopping model struggles to remain relevant? St. Juste certainly thinks so: The math is pretty obvious, pretty compelling, but there are risks,  St. Juste said in an interview.  This hasn t been done before on a broad scale. With so many traditional retailers failing to compete with Amazon, it s only a mater of time before there s an over-supply of commercial retail property on the market, leading to an inevitable drop in the price per square foot. How long until Amazon moves in and buys-up large retail properties on the cheap, and rolls-out Amazon s new brick and mortar digital shopping experience?READ MORE FINANCIAL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Financial FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22858,"AFGHANISTAN: Forgotten, But Not Gone"," US Army paratrooper in Afghanistan s Konar province (Photo: Spc. Lorenzo Ware/US Army. Source: Wikicommons)Miles Elliott 21st Century WireThe war in Afghanistan is the longest war in US history. Now in its 16th year (and third US President), one might expect the war to be winding down; however, with a resurgent Taliban, and ISIS allegedly present in the country as well, President Trump has recently delegated authority over prosecution of the war to the Pentagon. Now, additional US and NATO troops are being deployed to Afghanistan, and Secretary of Defense James Mattis (together with National Security Advisor HR McMaster) is developing a new, more aggressive strategy for the war. In short, there is no end in sight.Although other wars have claimed this title in the past, Afghanistan is referred to by many as  the forgotten war.  Even though it has been responsible for the deaths of thousands of US troops and many more people from Afghanistan, it sits nowhere near the forefront of public consciousness; it is more a vague blob in the public s peripheral vision. Nine years ago, in July 2008, PBS aired a video report from their correspondent embedded with US troops in Afghanistan. Even then, at a time before George W Bush had vacated the Oval Office, the title of the video was Afghanistan: The Forgotten War . Then, eight years later at the height of 2016 presidential race, the LA Times published an editorial called  Afghanistan: The campaign s forgotten war , in which the author points out that neither Hillary Clinton nor Donald Trump even bothered to mention Afghanistan in their convention speeches.Trump was critical of US military interventionism during his campaign however, and even before his bid for the presidency began, he was in the habit of taking to Twitter to lambast the Obama administration for perpetuating the war in Afghanistan.Let s get out of Afghanistan. Our troops are being killed by the Afghanis we train and we waste billions there. Nonsense!  Rebuild the USA.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 11, 2013But that did not stop Obama   who promised to end the war by 2014 from leaving the White House in January 2017 with 8,400 US troops still stationed in Afghanistan. It is also not stopping Trump himself from reversing course and presiding over the next escalation of US involvement in the country.With the Taliban now in control of more territory than it has been since the US first went into Afghanistan in 2001, and the supposed appearance of ISIS in the country, one has to wonder what the last 16 years have really been about.Surge 4.0For the past few weeks, the American mainstream press has been reporting on Pentagon plans to send additional troops to Afghanistan. Although the number 4,000 has been widely circulated, no official announcements regarding the number or strategy have yet been made. The new strategy is set to be publicly announced in mid-July, and it looks as though more US troops will be sent to Afghanistan to add to the 8,500 American troops already in country. Similarly, fifteen of the twenty-nine NATO member nations so far have also agreed to send more troops to Afghanistan to add to the current NATO presence of 5,000 troops. (It should be noted that there is not currently a US or NATO combat mission in Afghanistan; instead, foreign troops are there on a mission to train Afghan forces.)There is serious doubt among informed observers as to whether an additional few thousand troops will make any difference. After the number 4,000 had been suggested, General Jack Keane, former vice chief-of-staff of the US Army, suggested that between 10,000 and 20,000 additional troops were needed to make a difference. Similarly, in the past few days, former CIA director and defense secretary Leon Panetta also weighed in, echoing Keane s opinion that 4,000 troops would not change the momentum.As Danny Sjursen (the author of the article below) points out, the upcoming surge  in troop levels would be the fourth such move made by the US, following three similar increases by Bush and Obama in the years 2008-2010. It is beginning to look like escalating (or, in the case of Bush, starting) war in Afghanistan is something of a rite of passage for new presidents, as all three commanders-in-chief who have presided over the war have done so within the first year of their first terms. The question is, what is the US government actually trying to achieve, and is  winning  even possible?Remember how the mainstream media treated the surge orchestrated by General David Petraeus in Iraq in 2007. The idea of the surge was received with fawning adoration throughout the media, and even by President Bush, who played his part in helping to advertise and hype up the strategy. And afterwards Petraeus had no problem taking all the credit for his  success .Except it wasn t a success. Its goals of ending sectarian violence and reconciling Sunnis, Shiites and Kurds were noble, but were not achieved with any meaningful staying power; the destabilization originally introduced by US intervention ultimately prevailed, and ISIS was the result. The point is that in Iraq, the surge was a triumph of marketing, a rebrand, a new sexy cover for a grisly reality. According to the Boston Globe: For Americans, the myth of the victorious surge is so seductive because it perpetuates an illusion of control. It frames the Iraq War as something other than a geostrategic blunder and remembers our effort as something more than a stalemate. What s more, it reinforces the notion that it s possible to influence events around the world, if only military force is deployed properly. It s a myth that makes victory in the current Iraq mission appear achievable. Now replace the word  Iraq  with  Afghanistan .One sad and daunting possibility is that Afghanistan has become a sort of operations  incubator  used by the West, that one of the purposes served by a perpetual US and NATO presence there is to provide real-life training and experience to their troops, and to test weapons and equipment. Over time, a very significant number of foreign troops can be cycled in from various countries, and those countries then benefit from being able to test out new weapons, bombs, combat methods, training, and operational procedures and tactics. This prospect is even mentioned in Danny Sjursen s article: As one high-ranking Afghan official recently lamented, thinking undoubtedly of the first use in his land of the largest non-nuclear bomb on the planet,  Is the plan just to use our country as a testing ground for bombs?' If that is even partly the case, the West requires a theater of war containing a long, infinitely extendable conflict in order to fulfil these requirements for the wider military-industrial complex. In Afghanistan, that s exactly what they have.A Flawed StrategyIn a recent article by independent journalist Gareth Porter, he points out that the US strategy in Afghanistan has a fatal flaw, which goes a long way toward explaining why the war is not being  won : The real reason for the fundamental weakness of the US-NATO war is the fact that the United States has empowered a rogues  gallery of Afghan warlords whose militias have imposed a regime of chaos, violence and oppression on the Afghan population   stealing, killing and raping with utter impunity. In Porter s view, American objectives and methods in ousting the Taliban may have been short-sighted, as the Taliban came to power partly as a response to the sexual violence and predatory behaviour of Afghan warlords . The organization [Taliban] appeared in 1994 in response to the desperate pleas of the population in the south  especially in a Kandahar province divided up by four warlords  to stop the wholesale abduction and rape of women and pre-teen boys, as well as the uncontrolled extortion of tolls by warlord troops. The Taliban portrayed themselves as standing for order and elementary justice against chaos and sexual violence, and they immediately won broad popular support to drive the warlords out of power across the south, finally taking over Kabul without a fight. Ever since the invasion in 2001, the US has played favorites with the warlords, pitting various leaders against one another; helping selected ones to become more powerful, allowing some to become regional governors, putting others on the CIA payroll, and eventually turning their private militias into the national police. Over the years several different US commanders have taken the reins of the war in Afghanistan, but this strategy of using the warlord militias persisted, since there was no other adequate source of manpower to provide security, not only for the general population in Afghanistan but also for the US-NATO coalition troops themselves.The occurrence of  green-on-blue  attacks by Afghan police or military against US/coalition forces (such as the one last month that killed three American soldiers) may be largely attributable to the strategy of using warlord militias, but it is worth mentioning that the Taliban also actively infiltrates both the Afghan National Army and the Afghan National Police. Moreover, in Helmand and Kandahar provinces in particular, profits from the drug trade provide temptation to every element in society. As one article stated, the two provinces burdened with the bulk of green-on-blue attacks are Helmand and Kandahar. It is no coincidence that these areas are where the Taliban are strongest, and where the country s highest levels of opium poppy cultivation help fund the insurgency. Although the frequency of green-on-blue attacks has declined (corresponding with the reduced US presence in Afghanistan), the number of different groups and interests represented on the ground make for an exceedingly complex web of relationships in which it is not always easy to see an attack coming.Coupled with the flawed and failing US strategy of alliances is an unwillingness to admit defeat amongst both civilian and military managers of the Afghan war. The combination of these two factors could be a significant contributing factor as to why the conflict shows no signs of ending. In an interview with Gareth Porter, radio host and antiwar activist Scott Horton made the point this way: It is the case that every one of these guys in the war cabinet are heavily invested in some sort of spin that they won or are winning, or that there is some kind of positive light at the end of the tunnel, because each and every one of them is wrapped up in it. [Secretary of Defense] Mattis was in the original war, and was the head of CENTCOM for a time in charge of the war. [National Security Advisor] McMaster was in charge of counter-corruption during the Petraeus-Obama surge in 2009-2012. You have the Secretary of Homeland Security who apparently has quite a bit of sway, Kelly, whose son died in Helmand province in Petraeus  surge, and they re not going to want to admit that that was a sunk cost lost, for understandable reasons. Dunford, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, as well, has been in charge of the Afghan war. So these men have everything to lose by admitting that they lost. Porter agrees that there are other contributing factors to the war being seemingly unending and unwinnable, such as: the careers of the US officers who serve there; the bureaucratic stakes of the Joint Special Operations Command and the CIA in their huge programs and facilities in the country; the political cost of admitting that it was a futile effort from the start. Plus, the Pentagon and the CIA are determined to hold on to Afghan airstrips they use to carry out drone war in Pakistan for as long as possible. A word that frequently gets used with regard to the Afghan conflict is  stalemate . After nearly 16 years, the Taliban now exercises control over about 40% of the territory in Afghanistan. They have allies such as the Haqqani network resupplying them from bordering Pakistan  considered something of a safe haven for terrorists despite being a US ally. As Danny Sjursen writes:  if all goes well (which isn t exactly a surefire thing), that s likely to be the best that Surge 4.0 can produce: a long, painful tie. These criticisms may sound harsh to those hoping that the coming surge will make a difference, but the problems (and questions) regarding America s involvement in Afghanistan are far deeper and broader than those presented above.Fraud, Waste & AbuseOn a financial level, corruption and waste rule the day on both the Afghan and American sides of US involvement  and there is an astounding amount of money at stake. While the overall war has cost US taxpayers around a trillion dollars so far, funds appropriated for reconstruction stand at over $117 billion. As usual, it looks like money in the form of government contracts may be a reason why there is little urgency to end the war. As Ryan Crocker, former US Ambassador to Afghanistan, said: The ultimate failure for our efforts wasn t an insurgency. It was more the weight of endemic corruption. John Sopko, the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR), makes quarterly reports to Congress about his oversight of spending on reconstruction in Afghanistan. Some of SIGAR s findings over the years have been breathtaking. Take for example SIGAR s finding that there may be 200,000  ghost soldiers , Afghan soldiers whose salaries are US-taxpayer funded but who seem not even to exist except on paper. Or the gas station that cost an absurd $43 million to build, but that nobody uses and about which the Pentagon now has no knowledge. Or the $28 million needlessly spent on uniforms for the Afghan army, in  forest camouflage, even though woodland covers only 2.1% of Afghan territory.As of two years ago, there was $35 billion in reconstruction funds spent that could not be accounted for, with many projects failing to meet requirements or specifications. It would seem the contractors winning the bids to rebuild Afghanistan are doing rather well for themselves; underwritten by the US taxpayer, there appears to be no end to the amount of money in the trough. As Sopko told WhoWhatWhy: We have spent more in Afghanistan than we did on the entire Marshall Plan to rebuild postwar Europe. The American taxpayer has had to foot that $114 billion bill, so they deserve to know not only the cost but also what it has gotten them. Bear in mind that SIGAR only covers reconstruction costs, not appropriations for bombs, arms, planes or other military equipment, vehicles or weaponry. A US Marine patrols through a poppy field in Helmand province, Afghanistan (Photo: Cpl. John M. McCall, USMC. Source: Wikicommons)The Opium QuestionSince the US military first invaded Afghanistan in 2001, production of opium in the country has increased dramatically. Although it is impossible to measure exactly how much opium is being produced, the UN produces yearly reports in which it estimates production levels, as well as how much land area is allocated for purpose of growing opium poppies. The latest UN figures for the year 2015-2016 show a significant increase in both the area used for opium cultivation (from 183,00 to 201,000 hectares, a 10% increase), as well as for potential production of opium (from 3,300 tons to 4,800 tons, a 43% increase).In addition, despite $8.5 billion spent on eradication, the area destroyed by eradication efforts decreased by 91% from 2015 to 2016 (from 3,760 hectares eradicated down to just 355 hectares eradicated), and yield increased by 30% (from 18.3 kg of opium produced per hectare to 23.8 kg). All this places 2016 into the top three years for opium cultivation since the UN Office on Drugs and Crime began monitoring opium in Afghanistan in 1994.Afghanistan is the world s largest opium producer by a very wide margin, with a widely cited statistic being that opium from Afghanistan is in 90% of the heroin produced worldwide. Opium poppy cultivation in Afghanistan to 2016 (Image: UNODC. Source: Afghanistan Opium Survey 2016)War on Drugs?America s War on Drugs is rife with contradictions, but the fact that US troops (and DEA agents) have been stationed in a country responsible for 90% of the world s heroin market for 16 years, with production increasing and eradication declining, is, shall we say, counter-intuitive   especially when one considers that at home, media outlets across the country are reporting daily on America s heroin and opioid  epidemic .According to the CDC, deaths due to opioid overdose in the United States increased by 16% between 2014 and 2015. Between 2002 and 2013, deaths due to heroin overdose nearly quadrupled. (Opioids are a class of drug that includes opiates  natural, opium-derived drugs like morphine  as well as synthetic versions like oxycodone or fentanyl; both are lethal and rapidly-growing problems in the United States.) Of course this is to say nothing about the legions of people languishing in US prisons for the nonviolent crime of drug possession.To assume that there is no connection between the country that helps supply 90% of the world s heroin on the one hand, and an explosion in America of heroin-related addiction and death on the other, is foolhardy to say the least.It is also noteworthy that in July 2000, in cooperation with the UN, the Taliban outlawed the growing of opium, which is why production dropped sharply for the year 2001. As summarized in a 2004 academic paper for the International Journal of Drug Policy: Afghanistan was the main source of the world s illicit heroin supply for most of the 1990s. From late 2000 and the year that followed, the Taliban enforced a ban on poppy farming via threats, forced eradication, and public punishment of transgressors. The result was a 99% reduction in the area of opium poppy farming in Taliban-controlled areas  It is concluded that the reduction in Afghan poppy cultivation was due to the enforcement action by the Taliban. Globally, the net result of the intervention produced an estimated 35% reduction in poppy cultivation and a 65% reduction in the potential illicit heroin supply from harvests in 2001. Though Afghan poppy growing returned to previous levels after the fall of the Taliban government, this may have been the most effective drug control action of modern times. If one only ever observed US involvement in Afghanistan, it might begin to look as though perhaps the United States is not actually waging a war on drugs. US troops are there, in the poppy fields, production is rising, and live on Fox News, a USMC lieutenant colonel clearly told Geraldo Rivera  we provide them [poppy farmers] security, we re providing them resources .  However, Afghanistan is not the only instance we have of the US government protecting drug traffickers. Abby Martin explains:In 2012, a Mexican government official from Juarez told Al Jazeera that the CIA and other international security forces  don t fight drug traffickers  and that instead, the agency tries to  manage the drug trade.  Back in the fifties, the CIA turned a blind eye to drug trafficking through the Golden Triangle while training Taiwanese troops against Communist China. As William Blum reports in Rogue State: The CIA flew the drugs all over Southeast Asia, to sites where the opium was processed into heroin, and to trans-shipment points on the route to Western customers. These are far from isolated incidents. During the eighties, the CIA financially and logistically backed anti-communist contras in Nicaragua who also happened to be international drug traffickers. Former Representative Ron Paul elaborated on the CIA s notorious corruption when speaking to a group of students about Iran-Contra: [Drug trafficking] is a gold mine for people who want to raise money in the underground government in order to finance projects that they can t get legitimately. It is very clear that the CIA has been very much involved with drug dealings. We saw [Iran-Contra] on television. They were hauling down weapons and drugs back. There are certainly questions that the US government has to answer about its relationship with the drug business. But another aspect of Afghan opium production which deserves further investigation is the extent of Chinese involvement in the modern opium trade coming out of Afghanistan. It has been reported that Afghan poppy farmers have begun growing what they call  Chinese seed , a genetically-modified poppy seed that allow farmers to grow poppies year-round and harvest their crops every two months. In March of this year, CNBC reported that  Chinese seed  was in fact being grown legally in China for pharmaceutical purposes but had somehow crossed the border into Afghanistan.Last month 21WIRE featured the documentary Afghan Overdose, about the Afghan opium trade, in our Sunday Screening series.Afghanistan and EmpireTo understand how globalist empire-builders view Afghanistan, however, we might direct readers  attention to a superb video by James Corbett for Global Research s GRTV. In the video, Corbett explains in a very concise fashion the greater historical and geopolitical context out of which the current conflict in Afghanistan arose.. The video provides evidence as to why 9/11 could not have been the real reason for the US invasion of Afghanistan, and what makes the country an extremely important asset in geopolitical and geostrategic terms. Afghanistan s position as the world s preeminent producer of opium alone would make the country very significant on the world stage; according to UN figures from 2010, the market for opiates worldwide is worth $65 billion, although the actual figure today could be considerably higher. Another very important factor making Afghanistan an attractive economic prize is what lies under the ground in the country; in addition to a significant amount of oil and gas, Afghanistan is also home to a vast wealth of minerals such as iron, copper, cobalt, gold and lithium, estimated at over $1 trillion in value. Let s also not forget its appeal as the potential location for energy pipelines.As Corbett explains, however, the real value of Afghanistan is its strategic location. Drawing on the geostrategic treatises of Halford Mackinder and Zbigniew Brzezinski, Corbett places Afghanistan at the very center of the new Great Game, the battle between east and west for the crucial region of Central Asia, and ultimately the globe.Should we really be surprised by any of this? Although the Hollywood/mainstream media/pop-culture view of America is that of a democratic, freedom-loving, law-abiding member of the international community, regular readers of 21WIRE will already be aware that this image is largely a myth. In a recent article for The American Conservative deconstructing the myth of a  rules-based international order , Boston University historian Andrew Bacevich points out that: Among the items failing to qualify for mention in the liberal internationalist, rules-based version of past U.S. policy are the following: meddling in foreign elections; coups and assassination plots in Iran, Guatemala, the Congo, Cuba, South Vietnam, Chile, Nicaragua, and elsewhere; indiscriminate aerial bombing campaigns in North Korea and throughout Southeast Asia; a nuclear arms race bringing the world to the brink of Armageddon; support for corrupt, authoritarian regimes in Iran, Turkey, Greece, South Korea, South Vietnam, the Philippines, Brazil, Egypt, Nicaragua, El Salvador, and elsewhere many of them abandoned when deemed inconvenient; the shielding of illegal activities through the use of the Security Council veto; unlawful wars launched under false pretenses;  extraordinary rendition,  torture, and the indefinite imprisonment of persons without any semblance of due process. The United States has not lived up to what the media tells us it is for some time. The war in Afghanistan is no exception.More on this story from TomDispatch  US Special Operations Task Force at Bagram air field, Afghanistan (Photo: Tech. Sgt. Michael A. O Connor/USAF. Source: Wikicommons) Danny Sjursen TomDispatchWe walked in a single file. Not because it was tactically sound. It wasn t   at least according to standard infantry doctrine. Patrolling southern Afghanistan in column formation limited maneuverability, made it difficult to mass fire, and exposed us to enfilading machine-gun bursts. Still, in 2011, in the Pashmul District of Kandahar Province, single file was our best bet.The reason was simple enough: improvised bombs not just along roads but seemingly everywhere.  Hundreds of them, maybe thousands. Who knew?That s right, the local  Taliban    a term so nebulous it s basically lost all meaning  had managed to drastically alter U.S. Army tactics with crude, homemade explosives stored in plastic jugs. And believe me, this was a huge problem. Cheap, ubiquitous, and easy to bury, those anti-personnel Improvised Explosive Devices, or IEDs, soon littered the  roads,  footpaths, and farmland surrounding our isolated outpost. To a greater extent than a number of commanders willingly admitted, the enemy had managed to nullify our many technological advantages for a few pennies on the dollar (or maybe, since we re talking about the Pentagon, it was pennies on the millions of dollars).Truth be told, it was never really about our high-tech gear.  Instead, American units came to rely on superior training and discipline, as well as initiative and maneuverability, to best their opponents.  And yet those deadly IEDs often seemed to even the score, being both difficult to detect and brutally effective. So there we were, after too many bloody lessons, meandering along in carnival-like, Pied Piper-style columns. Bomb-sniffing dogs often led the way, followed by a couple of soldiers carrying mine detectors, followed by a few explosives experts. Only then came the first foot soldiers, rifles at the ready. Anything else was, if not suicide, then at least grotesquely ill-advised.Continue reading this story at TomDispatchREAD MORE AFGHANISTAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Afghanistan FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE AND ITS WORK BY SUBSCRIBING AND BECOMING A MEMBER @  21WIRE.TV",0
22859,4th of July: Why the Shadow Government Hates Independence Day,"SARTRE 21st Century WireThe only conclusion any honest American citizen can come to is that the Republic is dead. Once again the flags wave and the songs play as the parades march to celebrate another 4th of July.Picnic meals are eaten while children frolic in the warn sunshine of summer. Few people reflect on the true meaning that established the solemn commemoration of the nation s birth. The reality of this post federation of independent state sovereignty is that a centralized federal behemoth has superseded the original intent of Thomas Jefferson s vision: That government is best which governs least .Today the society that exists demands compliance or compels obedience by way of punishment.The empire that emerged after World War II has established an Amerika Imperium. With the consistent dumbing down of the youth, indoctrinated in government schools and the mind control impact from the mass media, the culture has abandoned the timeless principles that our country was founded upon.In the essay, Independence Day for Whom?, the struggle for freedom and liberty was fought against the British empire. Most citizens acclaim this revolution as the greatest achievement of a besieged population. Ponder just how far the promises from a rebellion of Englishmen has deteriorated into a dumping ground for foreigners, who do not believe in the values and responsibilities upon which this struggle was fought.For a more precise view of The Meaning of Independence Day, the true reasons for waging a war to create a beacon of hope in the New World has a history that fewer people understand, much less devote their allegiance to its preservation.Just how has a country of freedom loving patriots allowed the systematic destruction of their once beloved nation? A primer on some of the reasons for this betrayal can be reviewed in the End of Independence Day essay. With the internationalism of foreign policy, the traditional America First viewpoint of the Founding Fathers was abandoned.The end result is that The Death of Independence, is now upon us. Over the decades, a replacement aristocracy emerged that transplanted the elected representation of the public will. The real control behind the legislative office holders and certainly the executive branch under any president, demonstrate that ignoring the canons within the Declaration of Independence is a prime requirement to wield power in Washington DC.Frustrated and disenfranchised citizens voted for Donald Trump based upon his articulation on the issues that genuine patriots would support. No matter what anyone thinks of the man or believes about the inordinate attacks directed at him and his administration, the indisputable fact is that the establishment wants to see him fail.Simply put, the actual rulers of the global supremacy wants the financial dominance of the central banking system to continue and perfect their governance. Amerika is pivotal in maintaining their forced submission. The basis of the Shadow Government surreptitiously functions in the darkness of public exposure.Routing out any effort or initiative for independent representation is the standard modus operandi. The populace is generally ignorant of the existence of this empowerment cabal. People are led to believe that the Deep State is simply the technocrats that never leave their positions of administrating agencies. Regretfully, it is not realistic to facilitate a clean sweep of the careerists who routinely sabotage any directive that compromises the interests of the permanent bureaucracies and their masters.Trump may prove to be a dragon slayer, but the hatching of genetically rotten eggs continues. The column,  Can the Swamp Really be Drained? addresses this issue. The single most persistent element that drives authorities away from the maxims of the American Revolution, centers within the attitude that government acts in the interests of the people.Such deficiencies in understanding of the vile nature and the actual record of coercive regimes, stands as a major obstacle to the liberation of the mind. Rejecting the legitimacy of the criminal syndicate that purports to be the lawful authority is essential.Examine the book review,  American Amnesia the Liberal Case for Government, which debunks the lunacy that rationalizes the worship of government control over society. Such a demented academic viewpoint logically concludes that the celebration of Independence Day must be based upon the triumph of the all powerful  leviathan government over a decentralized autonomous and local accountable authority.Authentic nationalism must rest upon the pillars of individual liberty. When the 4th of July becomes a cartoon carnival of the Deep State, the only beneficiary is the Shadow Government.President Trump is not the cause nor is he the solution to reinstitute an American Renaissance Revolution. However, to the degree that he can raise the consciousness within the country, his presence in the oval office becomes a peril to the comrades, who want to destroy our national independence.When the hypocrites from the political class and the treachery from the fake news purveyors is confronted, then and only then, will a real independence celebration become a true national commemoration.The enemy is not just at the gate, they have become the jailers for the deplorable resistance. The intent is to isolate and eliminate the heartland dissenters because they are the only threat that has the ability to win the infowar of ideas. Since the establishment is hell-bent on waging a civil war against the faithful, the remnant and torch guardians must commit to the purging of the fifth column subversives that occupy the government.As the establishment and mainstream media sharks continue to encircle the Trump agenda, their blood thirsty appetite quickens. Their Dracula heritage has drained the inherent vital courage from the masses that subsist in a pseudo reality imposed by a hostile New World Order.This perceptibility is categorically opposite to the fundamental precepts that were universally accepted when the country was founded. Independence Day deserves a proper reverence. Before the nation can earn that privilege, it must mature and own up and admit that the de facto foe of the populist is the very government that so many celebrate.[Let us not forget, it s meant to be a government by the people, and for the people]See more of SARTRE s original work at BATR.netDiscuss or comment about this essay on the BATR ForumREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22860,HAWK OR NOT? Is Trump Expanding the Wars?,"So once again, here we are. A new President must deal with the old war. President Donald Trump must decide on whether to send thousands of additional American troops overseas into the longest-running US combat theatre on the planet, Afghanistan.Back in March of 2016, 21WIRE s Shawn Helton penned a insightful piece entitled, HAWKISH DOVE: The Enigma of Donald Trump in Volatile Race to the White House. In this article, Helton describes how then GOP presidential frontrunner Donald Trump was putting forward a populist, alomist Paulist image among a bevy of warhawk and Neocon rivals.Back then, Helton described the media and political pressure placed on Trump: Recently, Trump was pressed again on matters concerning the Middle East and his response has been surprisingly diplomatic with a non-interventionist platform. Trump s open condemnation of the Bush administration for the Iraq war and the Obama White House for the destruction of Libya, has resonated across the board for voters on both sides of the political spectrum. Trump has asserted that 2003 s invasion in Iraq and the blitzkrieg in Libya via NATO members in 2011, is further evidence of failed US foreign policy throughout the world.Doubling down, the GOP frontrunner Trump, has also refused to pick a side between Israel and Palestine   and in true form to his business pedigree, stating that he would rather attempt to broker a peace deal in the ages old conflict, rather than tow the party line. Onlookers wondered how this stance would play if Trump ever made into office. Back then it was immpossible to know, but now after 6 months in office, we have something to work with. We saw how fast Trump reacted to the alleged  chemical weapons  attack at Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib, Syria on April 4, 2017. His errant, knee-jerk cruise missile strike days later might go down in history as one of the biggest fumbles in US history (if that s even possible to measure).Is Trump continuing down Obama s proven path of juggling multiple conflicts while engaging in illegal proxy wars?Vanity Fair explains a possible fait accompli:On the campaign trail, Donald Trump pitched Americans on an immiscible foreign-policy agenda, combining elements of staunch isolationism and a rejection of Bush-era interventionism with promises to  bomb the shit out of ISIS.  But in his four months as president, Trump, characteristically, has done something of a 180-degree turn. He turned over much of his military policy and decision-making to the same  embarrassing  generals he previously claimed to know more than; he authorized a missile strike and boots on the ground in Syria, a country he had repeatedly warned against getting involved with; and he increased troop levels in Iraq, doubling down on a tactic he had called  a horrible mistake. Now, the Trump administration is considering sending more troops into the war in Afghanistan, which he previously called  a complete waste.  On Tuesday, the president gave Defense Secretary James Mattis the authority to determine the number of troops in Afghanistan, The New York Times reports, a rejection of the management levels adopted by the Obama administration.Then there s the issue of rogue dinosaur John McCain, who refuses to retire and seems happy as ever to take down various and sundry nation-states, in order to quench his own desire for chaos and conflict:This dynamic has left some lawmakers frustrated. During a meeting last week in which Mattis conceded to the Senate Armed Services Committee that the U.S. is  not winning in Afghanistan right now,  John McCain derided the delay of a broader strategy.  We are now six months into this administration; we still haven t got a strategy for Afghanistan,  the Arizona senator said.  It makes it hard for us to support you when we don t have a strategy. We know what the strategy was for the last eight years don t lose. That hasn t worked. Mattis responded,  We are putting it together now, and there are actions being taken to make certain that we don t pay a price for the delay,  he said.  We recognize the need for urgency, and your criticism is fair, sir. It may be too early to tell, but getting the White House to decouple from Pentagon group-think may prove to be too hard a task for a President who is desperate for poll rating and a win, any win.Time will tell.***READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22861,Boiler Room EP #115 – Very Fake News & The Slaughter of Innocence,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki and Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East also with a special report from FunkSoul (21WIRE & ACR contributor), for the hundred and fifteenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re discussing the latest expos  videos from Project Veritas that confirm what we ve been saying since the inception of the Boiler Room, CNN is FAKE NEWS and PROPAGANDA. We ll also be updating the stories on the Grenfell tower fire, Bernie Sanders and his wife under investigation by the FBI for financial fraud, creepy inappropriate kids videos on YouTube and the supposed case against one of the FBI agents involved in the shooting of LaVoy Finicum and more.Direct Download Episode #115Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22862,"BRONX HOSPITAL SHOOTING: Multiple People Shot, Staff ‘Sheltered in Place’ Amid Backdrop of Active Shooter Drills","21st Century Wire says Several people have been shot at the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center as an allegedly disgruntled ex-family medicine doctor opened fire with an  M16 type rifle  later reported to be an AR-15 inside the facility. Early reports state that as many a seven were injured in the shooting with at least two people dead at the scene including the shooter. Interestingly, early reports suggested that there may have been multiple shooters involved.The motive for the tragic shooting is the still under investigation. The gunman is said to be 45 year-old Dr. Henry Michael Bello, who is believed to have resigned in 2015 over sexual harassment allegations.However, some confusion has emerged as to what really happened at the scene   ACTIVE SHOOTER    The Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center took part in an  active shooter  preparedness forum in June of 2016. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)NBC News reported the following developments shortly after the apparent shooting: The shooter has been identified as Dr. Henry Michael Bello, a 45-year-old family medicine doctor formerly employed at the hospital, according to sources.After shooting the victims   many of them, if not all, doctors   Bello tried to set himself on fire on the 17th floor of the hospital, O Neill said. The hospital s fire alarm system activated, and FDNY firefighters were on standby outside the hospital as NYPD executed its active shooter protocol. By the time police found Bello on the 17th floor, he was dead of self-inflicted gunshot wound, O Neill said.A motive in the shootings remains unclear, but authorities say there is no apparent nexus to terror. Sources say Bello resigned from the hospital in 2015 in lieu of being fired. Circumstances in the resignation weren t clear. As members of the NYPD s most-armed units responded to the active shooter situation, a sea of patrol and tactical vehicles gridlocked the streets around the hospital on Grand Concourse, and police surveyed the roof of the building with their guns drawn, Chopper 4 over the scene shows. NOTE: Other reports have suggested it took about 15 minutes from the first 911 call until Bello s body was discovered dead.Also, shortly after the shooting rampage started, Reuters reported the police were able to conduct a sweep essentially shutting down the building attack: Police searched the hospital room by room, urging occupants to turn off the lights and remain in place as they conducted the sweep, according to an account posted on Twitter by Felix Puno, who identified himself as patient in the radiology department on the fourth floor of the hospital. Building is in complete shut down, I was in the middle of getting an x-ray when security alerted us to the active shooter situation,  Puno tweeted.New York Mayor Bill de Blasio was briefed on the shooting and was on his way to the scene, the mayor s Twitter account said.   DRILL PROTOCOL    A hospital staff member follow the obligatory  hands up  protocol, as part of the scripted active shooter scenario training. (Image Source: nydailynews) Sketchy DetailsAs with any traumatic event there often several are certain details that don t quite add up.While we ve been told the shooting took place on the 16th floor of the building some reports gave eye-witness testimony to the contrary, with one stating he heard three gun shots while located on the 10th floor. Is it really possible he heard gun shots from 6 stories above? Here s NBC again with that detail: Francisco Bodon, a patient at Bronx Lebanon, tells NBC New York sister station Telemundo 47 that he was in a room on the 10th floor when three gunshots rang out and then chaos erupted.There may have been more than three [shots], but people were screaming, crying and running around. It was very chaotic,  said Bodon. Adding to the confusion, the UK s Express reported that one of doctors who was wounded in the shooting, as people inside the hospital created a makeshift tourniquet out of an emergency fire hose.Although Bello reportedly held a work place grudge and apparently made threats to coworkers the  hospital officials said none of the victims were connected to Bello.  QUESTION: Considering the massive amount of training associated with the hospital, why was there no  zero tolerance  active shooter plan in place   something commonly implemented in emergency prep?Over the years, we ve seen how sensationalized shooting events have become a staple part of our day to day lives, complete with ready-made political talking points and staged press conferences   a buffet laid out for America, all of this within minutes or hours of high-profile tragedy. MASSIVE RESPONSE    This kind of police emergency response has become routine after many high-profile active shooter incidents. (Image Source: nbcdfw.com)The precarious relationship between emergency preparedness drills and actual active shootings is an ongoing pattern present in many high-profile shooting incidents in recent years, with mass shootings happening at the exact same locations as where  active shooter  or terrorism drills had just previously taken place   a puzzling trend which we have covered extensively at 21WIRE. This latest Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center appears to be no exception.Although the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center appears to be work place violence, it s important to examine other aspects or elements surrounding any case.Below is a screen shot depicting speakers that participated in an  Active Shooter Planning Forum  in conjunction with the Healthcare Association of New York State in June of 2016. The Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center is displayed among those speaking In addition to active shooter emergency planning protocols listed above, according to a FOJP Service Corporation Journal Bronx-Lebanon Hospital was selected be a part of major emergency prep since at least over the past several years. here s a passage from that report: At Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center, the Department of Safety is charged with multiple responsibilities, some of which include, but are not limited to: fire and life safety, general safety and monitoring the fire command station; and coordinating emergency management and response planning.Continuing, the report outlined the following: At Bronx-Lebanon, we took our environment into account, for example, geographic location we re in, and let that be our driving force to how we developed our Hazard Vulnerablity Analysis (HVA) and put our emergency action plan (EAP) together. With two main campuses and multiple satellite locations, our plan has to incorporate everyone to ensure we will have the necessary staff in case of emergencies. It s interesting that a hospital known to have extensive emergency protocols could have a shooting occur on its own premises after leading the area charge in addressing that very issue.QUESTION: Is it really just a coincidence that this hospital was so heavily involved in active shooter prep   only to fall prey to exactly that kind of tragedy?*UPDATE*   According to new reports as per active shooter protocol first responders ducked for cover as patients filed from Bronx-Lebanon Hospital wearing bed sheets.  Wouldn t the answer here be to properly train those in the work place how to handle a firearm in crisis situations such as this?Additionally,  sources tell CBS2 Bello started two fires, one at the nurse s station and another as an attempt to set himself ablaze. He ended up shooting himself in a room, then staggered out to the hallway where he died. Continuing the article goes on to state the following: Police continue to investigate the rampage. The New York Daily News reports Bello sent them an email before the shooting, where he wrote about leaving his job at the hospital. QUESTION: If Bello s email prior to the shooting was threatening in nature, then why wasn t he taken in for police questioning?This whole aspect to the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital case appears to echo some of what happened in 2013 when TV shooter Vester Flanagan aka Bryce Williams had also  warned a manager that there would be  negative consequences  for his firing and vowed he would  make a stink and it s going to be in the headlines.  Here we see a similar foreshadowing of tragedy prior to yet another suspicious shooting case that was also linked to an active shooter drill before a bizarre shooting rampage.Here s another look at a tweet from the WDBJ-TV shooting case in 2015 that documents the active shooter drill connection Here s a collection of media montages and video footage supposedly depicting the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center shooting response as staff and others sheltered in place. Notice the makeshift barricade   during active shooter training the  run and hide  method is a critical feature in crisis roleplay . As those in the hospital were ordered to shelter in place by both the NYPD and at the urging of the consulate for the United Arab Emirates, while there were several tweets posted to Twitter regarding the incident.Here s a screenshot first published by New York City Alerts that allegedly depicts the dead gunman Bello   notice there s no evidence of fire that can been seen QUESTION: What was the purpose of releasing this photo or than to sensationalize a tragic event?Here s a social media post with a comment that read  stayed safe during the crisis  by a page since taken down on Instagram Here s the witness who heard shots ring out while on the 10th floor In the aftermath of any of these crisis events in America, powerful interests are always quick to line-up and take advantage of the event, mounting their sociopolitical agendas directly on the back of mass media coverage and by extracting political capital out of an emotional and traumatic situation. Certainly, mainstream media outlets like CNN gain immediate benefit as TV viewers are tuned-in incessantly for updates on any breaking situation   which translates into high rating and massive advertising income streams for the broadcast network.Something else to consider, this shooting event took place the very same week during a major push to pass the GOP healthcare bill.While this very well could be an act of workplace violence, it s still important to ask questions, where there are few answers.Will new questions emerge following the shocking Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center shooting?READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22863,US State Department Talking Head Transforms into Al Qaeda’s Spokesperson," 21st Century Wire says The real cause of the great upheavals which precede changes of civilisations, such as the fall of the Roman Empire and the rise of the Arabian Empire, is a profound modification in the ideas of the peoples  . The memorable events of history are the visible effects of the invisible changes of human thought  . The present epoch is one of these critical moments in which the thought of mankind is undergoing a process of transformation.  ~ Gustav Le BonThe following display of servitude to Washington s geopolitical agenda in Syria, over and above any concern for human life, or heaven forbid, the truth, is only one of the many triggers that are precipitating a universal awakening globally. Newly appointed US State Department spokesperson Heather Nauert (a former FOX News weekend anchor) is transformed into Nusra Front aka Al Qaeda s spokesperson under questioning from RT International s Caleb Maupin. Watch ~***READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22864,REALLY FAKE NEWS: New York Times Finally Retracts Its ’17 Intelligence Agencies’ Claim on Russia Hacking US Elections,"21st Century Wire says Back during the 2016 election, 21WIRE declared with confidence how the US government and mainstream media s  Russian Hacking  meme as hoax. It turns out   we were right. More than mere canards however, these type of media disinformation talking points are how the establishment manufactures public consent for corrupt and dysfunctional policies. Once these fabricated talking points are circulated through the media, they later make their way into the mouths of politicians who repeat them incessantly, and in the case of the Senate and Congressional committee hearings on Russia and cabinet confirmation hearing   use the fake canards to bully people who are testifying on Capitol Hill. The fake  17 intelligence  agency claim was used by nearly everyone who used the hearings to grandstand and act tough on Russia, including pro-war Senators John McCain, Marco Rubio, Adam Schiff and countless others. It was also employed by Hillary Clinton, along with ever single panel  expert  on CNN and MSNBC who used the lie to prop-up their contrived and politicized narratives about how Russia hacked and influenced the 2016 election.What s more crucial though, is to realize the absolute key role to New York Times plays in this process of giving fake news the venire of officialdom at a government and mainstream level. They are a pivotal distribution point in the western propaganda dissemination machine   as nearly every US broadcast network across 4 time zones will routinely reference the New York Times as their primary source. 21WIRE has chronicled their exploits in helping to promote a series of illegal US-waged wars around the world.Consortium News Exclusive: A founding Russia-gate myth is that all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies agreed that Russia hacked into and distributed Democratic emails, a falsehood that The New York Times has belatedly retracted, reports Robert Parry Robert Parry  Consortium NewsThe New York Times has finally admitted that one of the favorite Russia-gate canards   that all 17 U.S. intelligence agencies concurred on the assessment of Russian hacking of Democratic emails   is false.On Thursday, the Times appended a correction to a June 25 article that had repeated the false claim, which has been used by Democrats and the mainstream media for months to brush aside any doubts about the foundation of the Russia-gate scandal and portray President Trump as delusional for doubting what all 17 intelligence agencies supposedly knew to be true.In the Times  White House Memo of June 25, correspondent Maggie Haberman mocked Trump for  still refus[ing] to acknowledge a basic fact agreed upon by 17 American intelligence agencies that he now oversees: Russia orchestrated the attacks, and did it to help get him elected. However, on Thursday, the Times   while leaving most of Haberman s ridicule of Trump in place   noted in a correction that the relevant intelligence  assessment was made by four intelligence agencies   the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, the Central Intelligence Agency, the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the National Security Agency. The assessment was not approved by all 17 organizations in the American intelligence community. The Times  grudging correction was vindication for some Russia-gate skeptics who had questioned the claim of a full-scale intelligence assessment, which would usually take the form of a National Intelligence Estimate (or NIE), a product that seeks out the views of the entire Intelligence Community and includes dissents.The reality of a more narrowly based Russia-gate assessment was admitted in May by President Obama s Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and Obama s CIA Director John Brennan in sworn congressional testimony.Clapper testified before a Senate Judiciary subcommittee on May 8 that the Russia-hacking claim came from a  special intelligence community assessment  (or ICA) produced by selected analysts from the CIA, NSA and FBI,  a coordinated product from three agencies   CIA, NSA, and the FBI   not all 17 components of the intelligence community,  the former DNI said.Clapper further acknowledged that the analysts who produced the Jan. 6 assessment on alleged Russian hacking were  hand-picked  from the CIA, FBI and NSA.Yet, as any intelligence expert will tell you, if you  hand-pick  the analysts, you are really hand-picking the conclusion. For instance, if the analysts were known to be hard-liners on Russia or supporters of Hillary Clinton, they could be expected to deliver the one-sided reportthat they did.Politicized IntelligenceIn the history of U.S. intelligence, we have seen how this selective approach has worked, such as the phony determination of the Reagan administration pinning the attempted assassination of Pope John Paul II and other acts of terror on the Soviet Union.CIA Director William Casey and Deputy Director Robert Gates shepherded the desired findings through the process by putting the assessment under the control of pliable analysts and sidelining those who objected to this politicization of intelligence.The point of enlisting the broader intelligence community   and incorporating dissents into a final report   is to guard against such  stove-piping  of intelligence that delivers the politically desired result but ultimately distorts reality.Another painful example of politicized intelligence was President George W. Bush s 2002 National Intelligence Estimate on Iraq s WMD that removed State Department and other dissents from the declassified version that was given to the public.Since Clapper s and Brennan s testimony in May, the Times and other mainstream news outlets have avoided a direct contradiction of their earlier acceptance of the 17-intelligence-agencies canard by simply referring to a judgment by  the intelligence community. That finessing of their earlier errors has allowed Hillary Clinton and other senior Democrats to continue referencing this fictional consensus without challenge, at least in the mainstream media.For instance, on May 31 at a technology conference in California, Clinton referred to the Jan. 6 report, asserting that  Seventeen agencies, all in agreement, which I know from my experience as a Senator and Secretary of State, is hard to get. They concluded with high confidence that the Russians ran an extensive information war campaign against my campaign, to influence voters in the election. The failure of the major news organizations to clarify this point about the 17 agencies may have contributed to Haberman s mistake on June 25 as she simply repeated the groupthink that nearly all the Important People in Washington just knew to be true.But the Times  belated correction also underscores the growing sense that the U.S. mainstream media has joined in a political vendetta against Trump and has cast aside professional standards to the point of repeating false claims designed to denigrate him.That, in turn, plays into Trump s Twitter complaints that he and his administration are the targets of a  witch hunt  led by the  fake news  media, a grievance that appears to be energizing his supporters and could discredit whatever ongoing investigations eventually conclude.Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy his latest book, America s Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com).READ MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire RUSSIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22865,MOCKINGBIRD REDUX? CNN’s Role in Peddling Fake ‘Nothing Burger’ Russia-Gate News Revealed,"21st Century Wire says CNN has reportedly refused to punish one of its senior producers John Bonifield, after a recent Project Veritas video sting operation exposed the network s role in peddling a fake Russia-gate narrative just for ratings. As if that wasn t enough of a network crisis, CNN s Van Jones was also caught in a new Veritas video sting release stating that the mainstream media s long-running  Russian collusion  story is a  big nothing burger. This latest twin expos comes after three prominent writers from CNN were  urged to resign  (fired) after the network was threatened with an estimated $100 million dollar lawsuit (something which 21WIRE predicted) earlier this week following a bogus story (since retracted) that falsely linked political figure and financier Anthony Scaramucci to a Russian investment fund currently under a congressional probe.NOTE: CNN and other big media outlets have been pushing a vast Russian conspiracy for nearly a year and now those at CNN are brushing off the narrative after being caught in an ongoing deception   MEDIA MOCKERY    Senior CNN producer John Bonifield was caught in a video sting admitting that the Trump-Russia narrative was untrue and Van Jones further confirmed the network s position. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)The US media has been floating the  blame Russia  meme for almost a year, and even more conveniently over this past 2016 US presidential election cycle, before morphing into the dodgy dossier that included unverified Trump-Russia claims. Incredibly, the still as of yet unsubstantiated Russia-Trump collusion story briefly vanished, only to be newly reignited again, after two US military missile strikes in Syria and Afghanistan took place following the fabricated sarin chemical attack allegations in April which the White House claimed hit the Al Nusra-held town of Khan Sheikhoun in Syria.Just this week, the US government warned (a story peddled by CNN among others) of an upcoming, soon-to-be-released alleged  chemical attack  out of Syria, something which would potentially prompt another wag the dog theatrical bombing from the US-led Coalition. Is this false flag foreshadowing by Washington?Perhaps such plans may have been scarpered by a blistering report detailing false sarin claims concerning the Idlib province by award-winning investigative journalist Seymour Hersh only days ago. Hersh s report, appropriately titled  Trump s Red Line confirmed much of what we at 21WIRE managed to outline in the aftermath of the alleged chemical attack, while also condemning the lack of clear evidence and reactionary military response by the Trump administration even after Russia shared deconfliction intelligence with the US.The fallout from the sarin hoax and CNN Russia-gate spin has also been compounded by an embarrassing retraction from the NY Times over their Russian hack/influence claims said to be confirmed by 17 US intelligence agencies   a story which once again turned out to be a falsehood as recently discussed by well-known investigative reporter Robert Parry.  SARIN HOAX    It s official now, the alleged Syrian chemical attack story was a false narrative that Western media outlets gleefully lapped up. (Image Source: cnn)Propaganda 3.0Here is where the propaganda goes into overdrive.Suddenly, as if by coincidence (or right on cue) Reuters reports that Syria has  heeded  its warning, almost immediately after Hersh s stirring investigative effort laid bare many elements of April s sarin hoax in Syria. That s right: because it issued a warning based on secret intelligence that no one is allowed to see, Washington is somehow claiming credit for stopping a chemical weapons attack by the Assad regime.As both the Russian and Syria narratives continue to crumble, an awkwardness has set in for CNN and the Trump Administration (its Syria policy duly inherited from the Obama Administration)   both of whom have relied on these narratives to prop-up dysfunctional US foreign policy agendas.The recent CNN video sting revelations weakens the already questionable Russian collusion plot line, something which we ve covered extensively here at 21WIRE. In fact, following the highly dubious DDoS attacks in America in October of 2016, we made the following accurate assessment: Indeed, as you look back at NY Times articles since the summer [of 2016], the stage was being set to implant the idea of an alleged Russian cyber war being waged at the US, principally charging that they would  meddle  with the US presidential elections in 2016 by aiding Donald Trump. Here s the NY Times building the case for Washington, seemingly without the burden of proof: An unusual question is capturing the attention of cyberspecialists, Russia experts and Democratic Party leaders in Philadelphia: Is Vladimir V. Putin trying to meddle in the American presidential election?Until Friday, that charge, with its eerie suggestion of a Kremlin conspiracy to aid Donald J. Trump, has been only whispered. In August, the western media s claims against Russia hit overdrive, when the  New York Times s Moscow bureau was the target of an attempted cyberattack this month. But so far, there is no evidence that the hackers, believed to be Russian, were successful. Flash forward to September here and here, as well as early October in the lead up to President Obama s decree, the Clinton friendly outlet the NY Times had all but solidified the Russian cyber/hack claims   once again, without any definitive proof. Here s a newer Project Veritas video exposing CNN s Van Jones admitting there s no evidence to back-up the Russian conspiracy story Here s another look at the recent Project Veritas video exposing CNN producer John Bonfield admitting the network has pushed a false Russian collusion meme As the Project Veritas series continues, CNN Associate Producer Jimmy Carr disclosed the political bias pushed by the network QUESTION: Why has CNN been peddling Russian collusion allegations without any evidence?It s not just for ratings The new Project Veritas video stings provide more evidence of an overtly political agenda, something we saw throughout the 2016 US presidential election. In fact, the entire video expos  is reminiscent of Democratic consultant Robert Creamer of Democracy Partners being caught discussing how to commit large-scale voter fraud, while also apparently outlining how to incite violence at campaign rallies. Unbelievably in the year leading up to the 2016 US presidential election, Creamer met with White House officials some 342 times along with his wife, a 9-term Illinois Democratic congresswoman Jan Schakowsky.White House visitor records show that Schakowsky took 47  private meetings with Obama or his senior staff,  in the year leading up to the election.Furthermore, the Russia-gate plot line perpetuated by CNN immediately recalls the symbiotic relationship between the CIA and American media seen during the Cold War era. In the early 1950 s, the CIA ran a wide-scale program called Operation Mockingbird that was said to have infiltrated the American news media in particular, which propagandized the public through various front organizations, magazines and cultural groups. Is the recent CNN fallout more evidence confirming that a modern version of Operation Mockingbird is alive and well?In recent years, there has been a series of surreal and unreal news stories since the Smith-Mundt Act was effectively rendered obsolete by US lawmakers on July 2nd 2013, as confirmed by RT below: Until earlier this month, a longstanding federal law made it illegal for the US Department of State to share domestically the internally-authored news stories sent to American-operated outlets broadcasting around the globe. All of that changed effective July 2, when the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG) was given permission to let US households tune-in to hear the type of programming that has previously only been allowed in outside nations. The Smith-Mundt Act has ensured for decades that government-made media intended for foreign audiences doesn t end up on radio networks broadcast within the US. An amendment tagged onto the National Defense Authorization Act removed that prohibition this year. There has been an unprecedented increase in propaganda over the years from big media, despite claims that the NDAA provision offered more transparency to the American public.More from RT below THE FIX    John Bonifield admitted that CNN s Russia collusion narrative is not based on evidence. (Image Source rt)CNN stands behind its producer caught in sting video, says he won t be punishedRTCNN has backed one of its senior producers caught in a Project Veritas sting video, saying the company encourages diversity of personal opinions. John Bonifield was filmed admitting the network s craze over alleged Trump-Russia collusion is  bullsh*t. Diversity of personal opinion is what makes CNN strong, we welcome it and embrace it,  an email from a CNN spokesman to the Daily Beast reads.  CNN stands by our medical producer John Bonifield,  it said.CNN Health supervising producer Bonifield, who is not involved in the channel s political coverage, was videotaped saying the company does not have any evidence to support its Russia-Trump narrative, driven mostly by the desire for ratings. It s mostly bullsh*t right now. Like, we don t have any big giant proof,  the CNN producer can be heard saying in the video, adding that US President Donald Trump is  probably right  to accuse them of a conducting a witch-hunt.This story continues at RT READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesREAD MORE ON THE WHITE HELMETS AT: 21st Century Wire White Helmet FilesREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22866,Hersh: Trump Knew ‘Assad Sarin Attack’ Story Was Fairy Tale – But Launched Cruise Missile Strike Anyway,"Consortium News Exclusive: The mainstream media is so hostile to challenges to its groupthinks that famed journalist Seymour Hersh had to take his take-down of President Trump s April 6 attack on Syria to Germany, says ex-CIA analyst Ray McGovern By Ray McGovernLegendary investigative reporter Seymour Hersh is challenging the Trump administration s version of events surrounding the April 4  chemical weapons attack  on the northern Syrian town of Khan Sheikhoun   though Hersh had to find a publisher in Germany to get his information out.In the Sunday edition of Die Welt, Hersh reports that his national security sources offered a distinctly different account, revealing President Trump rashly deciding to launch 59 Tomahawk missiles against a Syrian airbase on April 6 despite the absence of intelligence supporting his conclusion that the Syrian military was guilty.Hersh draws on the kind of inside sources from whom he has earned longstanding trust to dispute that there ever was a  chemical weapons attack  and to assert that Trump was told that no evidence existed against the Syrian government but ordered  his generals  to  retaliate  anyway.Marine General Joseph Dunford, Chairman of the, Joint Chiefs of Staff, and former Marine General, now Defense Secretary James  Mad-Dog  Mattis ordered the attacks apparently knowing that the reason given was what one of Hersh s sources called a  fairy tale. They then left it to Trump s national security adviser Army General H. R. McMaster to further the deceit with the help of a compliant mainstream media, which broke from its current tradition of distrusting whatever Trump says in favor of its older tradition of favoring  regime change  in Syria and trusting pretty much whatever the  rebels  claim.According to Hersh s sources, the normal  deconfliction  process was followed before the April 4 strike. In such procedures, U.S. and Russian officers supply one another with advance details of airstrikes, such as target coordinates, to avoid accidental confrontations among the warplanes crisscrossing Syria.Russia and Syrian Air Force officers gave details of the flight path to and from Khan Sheikhoun in English, Hersh reported. The target was a two-story cinderblock building in which senior leaders    high-value targets    of the two jihadist groups controlling the town were about to hold a meeting. Because of the perceived importance of the mission, the Russians took the unusual step of giving the Syrian air force a GPS-guided bomb to do the job, but the explosives were conventional, not chemical, Hersh reported.The meeting place was on the floor above the basement of the building, where a source whom Hersh described as  a senior adviser to the U.S. intelligence community,  told Hersh: The basement was used as storage for rockets, weapons, and ammunition   and also chlorine-based decontaminates for cleansing the bodies of the dead before burial. A Bomb Damage AssessmentHersh describes what happened when the building was struck on the morning of April 4:  A Bomb Damage Assessment by the U.S. military later determined that the heat and force of the 500-pound Syrian bomb triggered a series of secondary explosions that could have generated a huge toxic cloud that began to spread over the town, formed by the release of fertilizers, disinfectants, and other goods stored in the basement, its effect magnified by the dense morning air, which trapped the fumes close to the ground. According to intelligence estimates, the strike itself killed up to four jihadist leaders and an unknown number of drivers and security aides. There is no confirmed count of the number of civilians killed by the poisonous gases that were released by the secondary explosions, although opposition activists reported that there were more than 80 dead, and outlets such as CNN have put the figure as high as 92. Due to the fog of war, which is made denser by the fact that jihadists associated with Al Qaeda control the area, many of the details of the incident were unclear on that day and remain so still. No independent on-the-ground investigation has taken place.But there were other reasons to doubt Syrian guilt, including the implausibility of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad choosing that time   while his forces were making dramatic strides in finally defeating the jihadists and immediately after the Trump administration had indicated it had reversed President Obama s  regime change  policy in Syria   to launch a sarin attack, which was sure to outrage the world and likely draw U.S. retaliation.However, logic was brushed aside after local  activists,  including some closely tied to the jihadists, quickly uploaded all manner of images onto social media, showing dead and dying children and other victims said to be suffering from sarin nerve gas. Inconsistencies were brushed aside   such as the  eyewitness  who insisted,  We could smell it from 500 meters away when sarin is odorless.Potent ImagesStill, whether credible or not, these social-media images had a potent propaganda effect. Hersh writes that within hours of watching the gruesome photos on TV   and before he had received any U.S. intelligence corroboration   Trump told his national security aides to plan retaliation against Syria. According to Hersh, it was an evidence-free decision, except for what Trump had seen on the TV shows.Hersh quotes one U.S. officer who, upon learning of the White House decision to  retaliate  against Syria, remarked:  We KNOW that there was no chemical attack   the Russians are furious   claiming we have the real intel and know the truth Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE WHITE HELMETS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire WHITE HELMETS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22867,Boiler Room EP #114 – Psychos In The Compromised Media,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki and Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis also with a special report from FunkSoul (21WIRE & ACR contributor), for the hundred and fourteenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re discussing a plethora of events and disappointments cooked up by the mainstream media and the zombified public who buy into their garbage. The team covers mind control, MK-Ultra, George Webb, media psyops, intelligence and deep state infiltrated movements and FunkSoul brings a special 5 minutes of Funk on a banking industry whistleblower.Direct Download Episode #114Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links, for your consideration and research:",0
22868,The New Cold War: A Chilling Prospect for the World,"21st Century Wire says There is one curious thing the Presidents of your country [US] change but the policy doesnt change, on matters of principle.  ~ President PutinNATO s justification lies in its ability to find or create an enemy, Putin told legendary film maker, Oliver Stone. No other  enemy  has served NATO and the military industrial complex as well as Russia and the  Cold War . The re-emergence of the cold war construct has reached almost unprecedented levels with western media & governments bearing down on historic prejudices with renewed vigour. The new  cold war  is a chilling prospect for the world if it is allowed to mushroom into something more deadly.Finian Cunningham discusses this prospect in his article for Strategic Culture:On the passing of German Chancellor Helmut Kohl, Russia s President Vladimir Putin spoke fondly of the great statesman and his herculean efforts to reconcile Europe and Russia. Putin said he agreed with the late German leader s view that the Cold War between West and East had been largely brought to an end. The Russian president added, however, that international relations are bound to swing like a pendulum, oscillating between bad and good. Now the pendulum has swung a bit back towards frost, but I am convinced that it will inevitably find the right balance and we will be joining efforts to face today s challenges , Putin told reporters.This is commentary not meant to be pedantic nitpicking, but there are important reasons to point out why the pendulum analogy is mistaken. That model for relations is based on the false assumption that the dynamic can go from bad to good, and vice versa.If we take the peak of the Cold War running from the 1950s to the end of the 1980s, during which there was the constant specter of nuclear war, then if the pendulum analogy holds, one would expect that there should be at some stage of history an opposite state of relations in which mutual, peaceful coexistence eventually prevails.Unfortunately, history has shown us that more than 25 years after the presumed end of the Cold War, relations between the West and Russia have not proceeded towards any substantial improvement. Indeed, it seems clear that over the past five years or so, relations between the West and Russia have deteriorated to a level of hostility comparable to the peak of the Cold War.This grim condition of relations is illustrated by the constant imposition of new economic sanctions on Russia by the US and its European allies ever since the Ukraine conflict erupted in early 2014. Also, the relentless build-up of military forces by the US-led NATO alliance on Russia s border. In the past week, a NATO F-16 warplane made the highly provocative move of buzzing the aircraft carrying the Russian defense minister Sergei Shoigu while in international airspace over the Baltic Sea.President Putin last week in an interview aired with American film-maker Oliver Stone deplored the possibility of a nuclear war, saying that nobody would survive such a catastrophic event. It is a measure of how foreboding relations between the West and Russia have become when Putin is obliged to make such a dire warning.The Russian leader went on to point out, rightly, that NATO always needs to find an enemy in order to justify its existence. The military organization   despite claims of protecting Atlantic security   is wired for war ever since its inception in 1949.So, let s not delude ourselves. The question of whether the Cold War ended around 1990 or not seems incontestable. It didn t. That war continues   albeit expressed in different ideological language and propaganda terms.Instead of alleged Soviet Marxist-Leninist expansionism, we hear of accusations that Moscow is  undermining the liberal world order  and  interfering in Western democratic elections . Or, allegedly, that Russia is threatening the security of the Baltic states.This is not to dispute the genuine convictions and sentiments of many Western and Russian politicians for global cooperation. There seems little doubt that the late, great German Chancellor Helmut Kohl wholly believed in a vision of West-East reconciliation and unity. During his 16-year leadership (1982-1998), Kohl oversaw the reunification of West and East Germany and he spoke of a future where Europe and Russia would work together.Putin reflected on personal conversations he shared with the German statesman.  Unfortunately, not everything from the dreams, we used to dream and talk about, is being implemented. However, I am convinced that his [Kohl s] analysis is correct and those positive processes, without which neither Europe nor Russia has any future, will be developing in the European and, I can say, Eurasian continent , remarked the Russian president.The question is: why have these reasonable, laudable aspirations not been implemented?And this leads us to the nature of US leadership among the Western states. American dominance is about hegemony and maintaining control over its perceived unipolar position of global power. This worldview in turn stems from the condition of American-led Western capitalism. It is a zero-sum worldview in which a multi-polar world is simply not tolerable. American domination necessarily dictates to subordinates, not  allies .The emergence of other world powers   no matter how legitimate that emergence is   is seen as a threat to American hegemony and the hierarchical structure of the capitalist world economy in which US interests are the apex of importance.American-led antagonism towards Russia did not originate after the Second World War as conventionally thought. It began with the Russian revolution in 1917 and the fear of international communism spreading to threaten the capitalist order. While modern-day Russia does not profess to be  socialist , and China s polity is debatable, both are nevertheless still perceived as a threat to the American unipolar worldview because they represent a multipolar rivalry.The only period during which Washington appeared to extend a non-hostile hand towards Russia was during the Boris Yeltsin leadership years of the 1990s when Russia was in effect a vassal state for US-led Western capitalism. Under the later more independent political leadership of Vladimir Putin, in which Russia has repudiated vassal status, the US has reverted to its standard position of overt hostility.Thus, the Cold War was definitely not ended. It was merely suspended for those years when Russia was subservient. Now that Russia is no longer subservient, the US-led Cold War is resumed.Western politicians like Helmut Kohl and some present-day European leaders may sincerely aspire to a normalization of relations between the West and Russia. Of course, it is a reasonable aspiration given the common history, culture and mutual economic interests. However, the relations between the West and Russia, and for that matter other global powers such as China, will always be subject to hostility. That is because of the intrinsic hegemonic condition of US-led Western capitalism demanding total dominance.The analogy of relations modulating like a pendulum between negative and positive, or good and bad, or war and peace, is flawed. Because relations under a sought-after unipolar world of American domination will inevitably be subject to antagonism and, if needs be, all-out conflict and war.Rather than a pendulum, perhaps a more fitting analogy is a giant wrecking ball. The would-be American hegemonic power says:  Do as I demand and the wrecking ball is held back. If not, then here comes the force of destruction .How to transcend this appalling situation is the challenge of our times. But one surmises that the emancipation depends on ending American-led capitalism and its hegemonic dictate to the rest of the world.***TO READ MORE ON THE NEW COLD WAR: THE 21WIRE COLD WAR FILESSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22869,NORTH KOREA: Trump’s Recklessness Could Trigger All-Out Conflict on Korean Peninsula," 21st Century Wire says Washington s muscle flexing seems to have taken on a life of its own as the shadow of US neocolonialism falls over much of the world with increasing intensity. In Syria, the US is lashing out, lawlessly, at the bastion of resistance that has been denying its objectives for almost seven years. Now, the US secretary of State, Rex Tillerson has declared that China should  exert much greater economic and diplomatic pressure  on North Korea to step away from its nuclear and missile programmes. Footage of a reported, massive  live fire  drill conducted by the North Koreans in April 2017 gives some indication of what the US might face if this  escalation  is magnified beyond recall, by the usual suspects at Fox News and CNN This report is from Peter Symonds of WSWS:In what amounted to a barely disguised threat, US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson yesterday declared that China had to  exert much greater economic and diplomatic pressure  on North Korea to abandon its nuclear and missile programs, if it  wants to prevent a further escalation in the region. In other words, if Beijing fails to rein in the Pyongyang regime, the US could resort to military measures.Tillerson s remarks followed a top-level meeting in Washington between him and US Defence Secretary James Mattis and their Chinese counterparts China s foreign policy chief Yang Jiechi and General Fang Fenghui, chief of the People s Liberation Army s joint staff department.Tillerson called on China to make greater efforts to halt  illicit  revenue streams to North Korea that allegedly help fund Pyongyang s military programs. Just last week, he told a congressional committee the Trump administration was  at a stage  where  we are going to have to   start taking secondary sanctions that is, penalise countries and corporations that engage in economic activities with North Korea.Unilateral  secondary sanctions  imposed by the US would, above all, fall on Chinese companies. China is, by far, North Korea s largest trading partner. US officials and the media have repeatedly accused Beijing of failing to do enough to choke off trade and finance with the Pyongyang regime. Any penalties against Chinese individuals or entities would quickly sour relations between the US and China.Just before the talks, US President Donald Trump signalled that time was running out for China to force North Korea to bow to US demands.  While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi [Jinping] and China,  he tweeted on Tuesday,  it has not worked out. While Tillerson s remarks indicate the US continues to pressure China for action against North Korea, Trump s tweet is a warning that the US will resort to other measures including military action if there are no results.Asked about Trump s tweet, Defence Secretary Mattis told the joint press conference with Tillerson:  What you re seeing I think is the American people s frustration with a regime that provokes and provokes and provokes and basically plays outside the rules, plays fast and loose with the truth. Mattis denounced Pyongyang in particular for the death of Otto Wambier the American student imprisoned in North Korea who died on Monday after being flown back to the US last week. The Trump administration is considering a ban to prevent Americans from visiting Pyongyang. Three other US citizens are currently jailed in North Korea.The comments of Mattis and Tillerson suggest that relations with China could deteriorate rapidly, especially if North Korea conducts another nuclear test or a long-range missile launch. In comments to CNN, unnamed US officials claimed this week that satellite imagery showed new activity at North Korea s underground nuclear test site and suggested that a sixth nuclear detonation could be imminent.Ahead of yesterday s talks in Washington, US State Department officials indicated that Mattis and Tillerson would press their Chinese counterparts not only on North Korea, but a range of other sensitive issues, including the South China Sea and the so-called war on terrorism.Acting Assistant Secretary of State for East Asia, Susan Thornton, told Voice of America that  all parties should freeze any construction or militarisation of features  in the South China Sea a comment directed especially at China. Last month, the US navy carried out another provocative  freedom of navigation  operation, sending a guided missile destroyer within the 12-nautical-mile territorial limit claimed by China around one of its islets.Trade and economic issues were excluded from yesterday s US-China Diplomatic and Security Dialogue but remained just below the surface. During last year s presidential election campaign, Trump repeatedly denounced China s trade policies and threatened punitive trade war measures. In seeking Beijing s assistance to pressure Pyongyang, Trump suggested the US could make concessions on trade.Having tweeted that Chinese efforts have  not worked out,  the implicit threat is that the US could ramp up the pressure on China over trade.  What Trump is saying is, I don t need you on North Korea now, and therefore maybe we should have it out on these other issues, like trade,  analyst John Delury told the New York Times.China is reluctant to impose new sanctions that will cripple North Korea s economy and provoke a political crisis that could be exploited by the US and its allies. At yesterday s talks, Chinese officials reiterated Beijing s call for renewed negotiations based on a freeze by Pyongyang on its nuclear and missile tests and a freeze by Washington on its joint military exercises in South Korea. The US has flatly rejected the proposal.Above all, the threat of US military strikes against North Korea hangs over Asia. Earlier this week, the Pentagon again sent two B-1 strategic bombers on a mission over the Korean Peninsula in a provocative show of force. The US Navy has two aircraft carrier strike groups stationed in the area, with another on its way.Any US military action against North Korea threatens to trigger an all-out conflict on the Korean Peninsula that could draw in other powers, including China, with devastating consequences. The Trump administration s recklessness is underscored by the fact that it is engaged in an escalating confrontation in Syria that threatens to provoke a clash with Russia and Iran, even as it is ramping up tensions in North East Asia.***FOR MORE INFORMATION ON NORTH KOREA: 21WIRE NORTH KOREA FILESSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22870,‘Stop Arming Terrorists Bill’ Fails in US Congress After Getting Only 13 Supporters,"21st Century Wire says What this latest result proves is that the level of institutional criminality in Washington DC is so deeply entrenched that American Congressmen are not fit to govern   not even in a progressive democracy, much less a constitutional republic.How can they claim to be the world s moral leader and global police when history demonstrates that over the last 40 years the United States has been the world s  number one state sponsor of terrorism ?Once again this week, the US was caught helping ISIS by providing air cover for terrorist operations on the ground in Syria.Despite all of this, Donald Trump still remains clueless as to how it all works By Matt AgoristFor the last several decades, the US government has openly funded, supported, and armed various terrorist networks throughout the world to forward an agenda of destabilization and proxy war. It is not a secret, nor a conspiracy theory, America arms bad guys.Given the insidious history of the American empire and its creation and fostering of terrorist regimes across the globe, it should come as no surprise that the overwhelming majority of politicians would refuse to sign on to a law that requires them to  Stop Arming Terrorists.  And, that is exactly what s happened.H.R.608  Stop Arming Terrorists Act was introduced by Rep. Gabbard, Tulsi [D-HI] on January 23 of this year. The bill doesn t have any crazy strings attached and its original cosponsors are a mix of Republicans and Democrats   highlighting that it transcends party lines. For years, our government has been providing both direct and indirect support to these armed militant groups, who are working directly with or under the command of terrorist groups like Al-Qaeda and ISIS, all in their effort and fight to overthrow the Syrian government, Gabbard said in an interview earlier this year.The text of the bill is simple. It merely states that it prohibits the use of federal agency funds to provide covered assistance to: (1) Al Qaeda, Jabhat Fateh al-Sham, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), or any individual or group that is affiliated with, associated with, cooperating with, or adherents to such groups; or (2) the government of any country that the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI) determines has, within the most recent 12 months, provided covered assistance to such a group or individual.The only thing this bill does is prohibit the US government from giving money and weapons to people who want to murder Americans and who do murder innocent men, women, and children across the globe. It is quite possibly the simplest and most rational bill ever proposed by Congress. Given its rational and humanitarian nature, one would think that representatives would be lining up to show their support. However, one would be wrong.After nearly 5 months since its introduction, only 13 of the 535 members of Congress have signed on as co-sponsors. What this lack of support for the bill shows is that the federal government is addicted to funding terror and has no intention of ever stopping it.To add insult to treason and murder, Senator Rand Paul [R-KY] introduced this same legislation in the Senate. He currently has zero cosponsors.Given the overwhelming lack of support for a bill that simply asks the government to stop giving money to people who behead children and video it, it should come as no surprise that Donald Trump signed hundreds of billions of dollars in weapons deals with other countries who also fund these people.As Americans bicker over Trump s bogus and non-existent Russian scandal, he s signing a deal worth hundreds of billions of dollars with the largest state sponsor of terror in the world  ensuring decades of future wars and the continuation of the cycle of terrorism.What s more is the fact that less than one week after publicly reprimanding Qatar for terrorism, President Trump signed off on the sale of $12 billion in weapons to the country he referred to as a funder of terrorism. This move, in Trump s own stance, makes him a de facto funder of terrorism now  READ MORE ISIS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire ISIS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22871,RUSSIA’S RED LINE: Moscow Announces End to US ‘Deconfliction’ Cooperation Over Syria," IMAGE: Air defense and satellite tracking center in Russia.21st Century Wire says As of June 19th, the Russian Ministry of Defense has announced that it will be ending cooperation with the United States over Syria. Up until that time, the two country s  deconfliction  communications agreement has prevented the two super-powers from crossing swords during their respective military air operations over the Syrian skies.The Russian statement comes following news this week that a US F/A-18E Super Hornet shot down a Syrian SU-22 fighter jet 40 km from the city of Raqqa. Washington claimed it as an act of  collective self-defense  in protecting its US-backed  SDF  forces. The Syrian pilot was able to eject from his plane.The situation is serious. Russia has drawn a clear red line, with officials stating that all aircraft of the US-led coalition in the area of Russian and Syrian combat missions over Syria   will be tracked by Russian defense systems as  air targets. US F/A-18E Super Hornet.It s worth noting that at the moment of the US downing of the Syria jet, the Syrian Army was carrying out operations against ISIS. This is another in a now long list of US military incitements inside of Syria s borders, leaving both Syria and Russia to conclude that this latest US provocation is nothing short of a prelude to war.Pressure on the CoalitionIt seems that other countries are already taking notice. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) announced today that it will be suspending further flights over Syria, although not over Iraq. Australia s Department of Defense said: As a precautionary measure, Australian Defence Force (ADF) strike operations into Syria have temporarily ceased. As yet, there have been no further statements from the other US partners in air operations over Syria like the UK, France, Germany and Norway. Will others follow Australia s lead and head for the exit, or will they be forced to dig their heals into a position which is already in violation of their domestic and international law?Once again, Russia has countered an irrational and unhanded action in Syria by the US   by making a rational and deliberate move.Will this situation climb-down, or escalate? That answer seems to be up to the US now.More on this from RT RTThe Russian Defense Ministry announced it is halting cooperation with its US counterparts in the framework of the Memorandum on the Prevention of Incidents and Ensuring Air Safety in Syria following the coalition s downing of a Syrian warplane.The ministry has demanded a thorough investigation by the US military command into the incident with the Syrian government military jet, with the results to be shared with the Russian side. In the areas of combat missions of Russian air fleet in Syrian skies, any airborne objects, including aircraft and unmanned vehicles of the [US-led] international coalition, located to the west of the Euphrates River, will be tracked by Russian ground and air defense forces as air targets,  the Russian Ministry of Defense stated.Downing the military jet within Syrian airspace  cynically  violates the sovereignty of the Syrian Arab Republic, Russian military said.The actions of the US Air Force are in fact  military aggression  against Syria, the statement adds.The ministry emphasized that Russian warplanes were on a mission in Syrian airspace during the US-led coalition s attack on the Syrian Su-22, while the coalition failed to use the communication line to prevent an incident. The command of the coalition forces did not use the existing communication channel between the air commands of Al Udeid Airbase (in Qatar) and the Khmeimim Airbase to prevent incidents in Syrian airspace. The ministry considers the move  a conscious failure to comply with the obligations under the Memorandum on the Prevention of Incidents and Ensuring Air Safety in Syria,  and is thus halting cooperation with the US within the memorandum framework as of June 19, the statement concluded.Earlier Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergey Ryabkov condemned the attack, branding it an act of aggression which actually helped the terrorists the US is fighting against .Continue this story at RTREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22872,SYRIA: Washington’s Boots and Missile Systems on the Ground to Defend ISIS and Associated Proxies,"Andrew Korybko Global Village SpaceThe US  deployment of the HIMARS missile system to eastern Syria is designed to deter the Syrian Arab Army s Dash for Deir az-Zor.Many people were caught off guard when the Russian Defense Ministry announced earlier this week that  The US has redeployed two High Mobility Artillery Rocket Systems from Jordan to a US special operations forces base near the Syrian town of Al-Tanf , and that  the range of HIMARS cannot allow for providing support for US-controlled Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) operating against Daesh in Raqqa . This led to the logical conclusion that the HIMARS could be used by the US to strike Syrian Arab Army (SAA) forces, just as the Pentagon s developed a habit of doing several times already since April.To put this all into context, the SAA just broke through some of Daesh s occupied territory to reach the Iraqi border, thereby cutting off the US  special forces and allied  rebel  forces in Al-Tanf from linking up with the majority-Kurdish  Syrian Democratic Forces  (SDF) laying siege to Raqqa right now and committing ethnic cleansing there. Moreover, this development prevents the US-backed forces from driving through the desert to Deir az-Zor, the last major Daesh-occupied city in eastern Syria and the location of a small encircled SAA contingent. The  Dash for Deir az-Zor  is becoming the new  Race for Raqqa  now that the latter is all but over, as the former will decide whether or not the entirety of eastern Syria falls under pro-American proxy control or not.The SAA needs to liberate Deir az-Zor in order to keep the SDF and southern Al-Tanf  rebels  from connecting their occupied territories and enlarging the self-declared  Democratic Federation of Northern Syria  to include all of the Iraqi borders. If they fail in this task, then Syria will effectively be divided along East-West lines, and the former half could in principle connect to the corresponding demographic regions of neighboring Iraq to give rise to the unipolar transnational sub-states of   Kurdistan  and  Sunnistan , or in other words, two  geopolitical  Israels . Should they succeed, however, then the SAA will not only diminish the prospects for a pro-Saudi  Sunnistan  along the Syrian-Iraqi Borderlands, but it would also give Damascus a fair chance at recovering some territory north of the Euphrates and reversing the SDF-YPG s  federalization  momentum.For that reason, the US deployed the HIMARS in southeastern Syria in order to deter the SAA from going any further in the Dash for Deir az-Zor, though that doesn t mean that Damascus won t give it a shot anyhow. There s a high chance, just as Russia warned, that the US will use this missile system against the SAA, but there s an equal probability that Moscow wouldn t interfere in that case.What will Russia s stance be?Moscow has been abundantly clear that it is strictly abiding by its anti-terrorist military mandate, and it s already proven as much on multiple occasions by standing down whenever its  Israeli  partner bombed the SAA and Damascus  allies. Moreover, Russia also never militarily responded to the US  bombing of the SAA on the three times that it s happened in just as many months.In fact, First Deputy Chairman of the Federation Council s Committee on International Affairs Vladimir Jabarov declared right after the first incident that  Russia has no intentions to use its Aerospace Forces against US missiles if Washington decides to carry out new strikes in Syria as it could lead to a large-scale war , thereby confirming that there s close to no chance that Russia would come to Syria s aid if the US unleashed HIMARS against Deir az-Zor-destined SAA forces. Despite this unfavorable state of affairs, Damascus more than likely won t be discouraged, and could still very well make a dash for the desert town regardless of the HIMARS hindrance. Even in the event that its soldiers are martyred, Syria might be calculating that their sacrifices would be worth it if there s even a slight possibility that they can help delay the country s post-war  decentralization  and de-facto internal partition.About this eventuality, all indicators point to it basically being a fait accompli at this moment due to Russia s reluctance to stop this scenario from unfolding. Actually, Russia is even going along with it to an extent, though not due to it having an interest in this happening, because it both doesn t have the political will to commit the military forces necessary to stop it and also likely understands the process as being irreversible. This is why Moscow has chosen to take a  middle ground  between Damascus  unitary vision and its Kurdish adversaries   federalist  one by proposing a system of  decentralization  in the Russian-written  draft constitution  for Syria. Furthermore, there are grounds to believe that Russia s  de-escalation zones  will ultimately   whether wittingly or inadvertently   lead to the creation of  decentralization units  all throughout the country, especially in the Kurdish- and  rebel -occupied quarters.Taking into account what is implied by Russia s actions (or lack thereof) about its preferred  political settlement  to the War on Syria, there are concrete reasons to argue that Moscow might have already accepted the de-facto establishment of the two transnational sub-state entities of  Kurdistan  and  Sunnistan  in exchange for Washington implicitly agreeing not to interfere with Russia s two military bases in the western part of the country or its Damascus-granted rights to rebuild all of Syria s energy infrastructure (which would by extent also include the facilities in the pro-American occupied areas). Whether or not this sort of understanding/agreement is in place, or even if the US would fully respect it if it was, is a matter of speculation and can t be independently confirmed at this time, but an analytical reading of the situation indicates that this might very well be the case.With this in mind, the SAA might only enjoy the direct support of the Russian Aerospace Forces so long as it s fighting to liberate occupied territory from Daesh terrorists, not from the pro-American SDF-YPG and southeastern  rebel  forces that Moscow itself recognizes as part of the  political opposition . Russia s attitude seems to be that whatever the US does to the SAA with its newly deployed HIMARS is a strictly bilateral affair between those two conflict participants, and that Moscow would   as it s continually displayed a propensity for doing   turn the other way for all practical intents and purposes and only issue political statements of support for its on-the-ground ally.Therefore, the outcome of the Dash for Deir az-Zor will depend on the speed with which the SAA can reach their destination, the tactical maneuvers that the SDF-YPG take to beat them there from the northern direction, and the degree to which the US will be successful in using HIMARS to tip the balance in its favor from the southern front. The odds are overwhelming, but it still can t be ruled out that the SAA will ultimately prevail against this pincer strategy, liberate the desert city, and drive a stake in the heart of the US  attempts to set up two  geopolitical  Israels  in the heart of the Mideast, though the prospects of this optimistic scenario playing out are admittedly low.***READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22873,NUDGING TO WAR: U.S. Shoots Down Syrian Army Fighter Jet,"21st Century Wire says Yesterday a US F/A-18E Super Hornet is reported to have shot down a Syrian Army SU-22 jet near the village of Rasafah, south of Raqqa. Washington claims it was an act of  collective self-defense  because the Syrian jet had dropped bombs  near US-backed forces.  Syrian officials in Damascus deny the US claims, stating that their plane was downed while conducting a strike on an ISIS position. According to a statement released by Damascus, the US act of aggression in Syria airspace was a flagrant attack was an attempt to undermine the efforts of the army as the only effective force capable with its allies  in fighting terrorism across its territory.  Officials added that,  this comes at a time when the Syrian army and its allies were making clear advances in fighting the (ISIS) terrorist group. US officials are claiming that pro-Syrian regime forces  on the ground attacked the US-backed Kurdish militias under the  SDF  brand (Syrian Democratic Forces) near Tabqa outside Raqqa, after which time the US-led Coalition planes engaged Syrian military. US officials then claim that a Syrian planes dropped bombs near the US-backed forces. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov issue this statement:  We call on the United State and all others who have their forces or advisors on the ground [in Syria] to ensure the coordination in our work. Zones of de-escalation are one of the possible options to jointly move forward. We call on everyone to avoid unilateral moves, respect Syrian sovereignty and join our common work which is agreed with the Syrian Arab Republic s government. 21WIRE reported earlier this week how the presence of US and UK troops on the ground inside of Syrian sovereign territory may be provoking an escalation of an already tense situation in both Raqqa and in the region around al-Tanf. US-led coalition forces are supposedly there to train and assist anti-ISIS  militias, but also anti-Assad  rebel militias too. The US also also trying to impose self-styled  deconfliction zones around al-Tanf.In recent months, the Syrian Army have been making huge advances against ISIS positions. This latest US attack on Syria indicates that the US do not want the Syrian Army involved in the liberation of Raqqa   presumable to be able to stage-manage and control the operation and media coverage for its global audience, as the US did previously with Mosul in Iraq.A clear pattern has emerged with almost every US strike against Syrian forces inside of Syria   in each and every instance, the main beneficiary appears to be ISIS.Based on past incidents where US forces have attack Syrian military assets, in each instance the US attacks have benefited ISIS on the ground   leading many to conclude that the US Coalition forces are helping ISIS to gain strategic advantage against the Syria Army on the ground.Back in September 2016, US had attacked and massacred over 80 Syrian military soldiers after a  Coalition  airstrike on Dier Azor   a US attack which allowed ISIS to strategically advance past Syrian Army defensive positions. In addition to aiding ISIS on the ground, this act by the US also ruined any chance of a viable ceasefire agreement with Russia and Syria at the time.A similar events took place on June 5, 2017 when US-led coalition forces attacked what they called  pro-Syrian regime forces  near the town of al Tanf in southeast Syria, claiming the Syrian forces including some 60 troops, had somehow entered what the US claim was a  well-established de-confliction zone.  The US strike helped to take pressure off of a retreating ISIS in the region.In addition to this, the US cruise missile strike Syria s Sharat airbase near Homs killed some 80 people, supposedly in response to an alleged ;chemical weapons attack at Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib Province.According to Aleppo MP Fares Shehabi, the US missile attack should be viewed as  an act against an airport that is solely dedicated to fighting ISIS in Syria. And this attack is illegal, it s stupid. As it stands the US presence in Syria is in violation of both US and International Law. STAY TUNE FOR MORE UPDATESREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22874,Boiler Room EP #113 – ‘CNN is ISIS’,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with FunkSoul, Miles of Truth, Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributors), Daniel Spaulding, Infidel Pharaoh, Andy Nowicki and Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis for the hundred and thirteenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re discussing parents so mentally ill that they ve been convinced by  progressive SJW tendencies that they need to ask their infant s  permission  to pick them up and hold them. We re talking about the recent shooting at the practice field for the Congressional baseball game where 5 people are being reported to have been shot by an apparent #BernieBro (leftist anti-Trump extremist) who it seems was inspired by the rhetoric and lies of the leftist mainstream media. We get an update on the  Media on Trial  conference that took place in the UK last weekend and some discussion about the discredited mainstream medias tactics in spinning lies about the presence of US and UK military patrolling, uninvited, on the ground in Syria.Direct Download Episode #113Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links:",0
22875,SYRIA: British and American Presence Directly Escalating Conflict Near Al-Tanf," US paratrooper on security duty during a mission to train Iraqi forces (Photo: US Department of Defense. Source: Wikicommons)21st Century Wire says In southeastern Syria, the region around al-Tanf has quickly become a focal point for the ongoing conflict in the region. Near to both the Iraqi and Jordanian borders, al-Tanf is currently the location of a contingent of US-led coalition forces, supposedly there for the purpose of providing training to  anti-ISIS  militias, but also anti-Assad militias too   the fabled  moderate rebels . Not surprisingly, the US-led coalition has unilaterally imposed a self-styled  deconfliction zone  around their camp in al-Tanf and claim to be defending their position from  pro-Syrian forces , otherwise known as the Syrian Arab Army (SAA) and allied militias. It has been reported by mainstream media outlets that coalition members represented at al-Tanf include not only the United States but also the British SAS, and also possibly Norway too.Although coalition forces are also present in other parts of Syria, including the area around Raqqa, an ISIS stronghold, the last few weeks have seen coalition forces striking Syrian military targets on at least three occasions near the coalition training camp close to al-Tanf  including incidents on May 18th, June 6th and June 8th. It is now being reported that the US is supplying  truck-mounted long range missiles  to its forces near al-Tanf, in a move that risks immediate escalation in the already-tense situation, and despite diplomatic efforts by Russia to calm the situation. All this comes as the US and its Kurdish proxy militia, the SDF, mount their attack on the ISIS stronghold Raqqa in Northeast Syria. The US has also seized the opportunity to invade more Syrian territory after an alleged sarin gas attack on April 4th that prompted President Trump to launch a missile strike on a Syrian airbase in retaliation.In the following segment filmed two weeks ago, 21WIRE editor Patrick Henningsen speaks to RT International about the recent US strike on Syrian forces near al-Tanf. Henningsen explains how the US are taking advantage of the tension to secure its own territory inside of Syria:. US and Britain: A Policy of DeceptionOne could easily be confused by the narrative that is being spun by the US, Britain, and compliant mainstream media in both countries. Less than two years ago, in 2015, then British Prime Minister David Cameron ruled out sending British ground troops into Syria. In mid-2016, however, it emerged that British special forces were engaged in combat in the country. Between 2013 and 2015, former US President Barack Obama said on at least 16 occasions that there would be no boots on the ground  in Syria, but then changed his mind in late 2015 when US Special Forces were deployed into Syria.President Trump s statements are no less contradictory. On April 11th 2017, soon after his initial missile strikes on the Syrian airbase, Trump said that the US was  not going into Syria ; the current situation at al-Tanf simply contradicts that statement.Since that time, both Britain and the US have been slowly ramping up their presence in Syria, ostensibly to fight ISIS. But by repeatedly striking at Syrian government forces    the single most effective fighting force against ISIS    the US and Britain are actually helping ISIS to achieve its objectives.Note the mismatch between the US-led coalition s presence in Syria and how it s presented to the public. Not only do they claim to be fighting ISIS while at the same time indirectly helping them, but they also call their attacks on Syrian army targets  defensive   even though the Syrian military has never attempted to attack any coalition forces. And it is similarly ironic that these strikes against the Syrian military have occurred in what the coalition calls a  deconfliction zone , where supposedly no conflict is allowed. According to security analyst Charles Shoebridge: These are self-declared [US occupied] zones of  deconfliction.  What they really mean there is that they are not allowing other people to enter these zones, notwithstanding that this is part of a sovereign country, Syria  What they mean is that actually conflict is allowed, and military forces, as long as they are American, British and their  rebel  allies. They are not agreed deconfliction zones. Syria doesn t agree to them. Russia, which of course has established de-escalation zones elsewhere in the country, hasn t agreed to this. Consequently they really are, as [Russian Foreign Minister] Lavrov or his spokesman said, effectively unilateral zones. And not only is the narrative confusing, it is also not given the highest priority among mainstream headlines, with many other prominent stories conveniently serving to occupy the public while the situation in al-Tanf escalates. In a week that saw Congressmen shot at and injured at a baseball practice, a massive tower block fire in London taking at least 17 lives, and the UK election aftermath continuing to be unresolved, one could easily remain unaware of the escalating situation around al-Tanf in Syria. With the US-led coalition now directly and deliberately attacking Syrian forces, what has been a proxy war is suddenly growing more dangerous, and the prospect of a direct conflict between nuclear-armed powers looms ever closer.As former British Ambassador to Syria Peter Ford remarked during a recent conversation with 21WIRE, the British military has neither Syrian approval to be in Syria, nor international approval from the UN, nor even legislative approval from its own Parliament. The same applies to the United States; although the US Constitution gives the power to declare war exclusively to Congress, the US now has quite a long history of entering wars or using deadly military force without Congressional approval under the flexible guise of an  Authorization of Force. More on this story from Newsweek  Two Syrian army tanks destroyed in a battle against  moderate rebels , Azaz, Syria (Photo: Christiaan Triebert. Source: Wikicommons)Tom O Connor NewsweekRussia has demanded that the U.S. stop attacking forces that support the Syrian government as they overtake positions held by the Islamic State militant group (ISIS) on the country s border with Iraq.Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov reportedly made the comments Saturday on a phone call with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, responding to three U.S. air strikes in the past few weeks against forces battling ISIS and other insurgent groups on behalf of Russian-backed Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. The Pentagon has argued that the pro-Syrian government coalition, which it describes as Iran-backed militias, has breached a  deconfliction zone  declared by the U.S.-led international coalition in southern Syria but not recognized by Moscow or Damascus. Lavrov criticized the U.S. s moves, and the pair reportedly agreed to cooperate more closely in the future. Lavrov expressed his categorical disagreement with the U.S. strikes on pro-government forces and called on him to take concrete measures to prevent similar incidents in future,  Russia s Foreign Ministry said in a statement, according to Reuters.While the Syrian army and its allies, which include Russia, Iran and various pro-government militias, advance toward the besieged eastern city of Deir Al-Zour, held by ISIS since 2014, the U.S. has deployed Special Forces to train anti-Assad rebels near the southern region of al-Tanf. Both factions are involved in the battle against ISIS but differ on Syria s political future, with the former insisting that Assad remains in power and the latter mostly advocating for his removal.Continue this story at NewsweekREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22876,Virginia Shooter Hodgkinson Was ‘Never Trump’ Fanatic and Devotee of Bernie Sanders,"IMAGE: Democratic Party activist and gunman, James T. Hodgkinson.21st Century WireYesterday, a crazed gunman affiliated with America s radical  progressive  and  Never Trump  movement attacked Republican members of Congress and their staff during a practice session for an annual charity baseball game in Alexandria, Virginia.Steve Scalise (R-LA)Among those shot were Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA), the third ranking Republican in the House.In total, five people were wounded, including two police officers. All were taken to local hospitals for treatment.According to Arizona Senator Jeff Flake, Scalise was standing on second base, fielding balls during batting practice when the shooting began.Had the Capitol Police not been on the scene It would have been a massacre,  said Kentucky Senator Rand Paul.  As terrible as it is, it could have been a lot worse. The gunman, James T. Hodgkinson, was shot dead by police, dying later of multiple wounds.Hodgkinson, 66, is from Belleville, Illinois, was an ardent supporter of 2016 Democratic Party  presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, but also expressed a rabid hatred of conservatives and President Donald Trump as seen in his Facebook profiles and letters to newspapers. Trump is a Traitor. Trump Has Destroyed Our Democracy. It s Time to Destroy Trump & Co,  and Republicans are the Taliban of the USA,  said Hodgkinson.Watch this cell phone footage of the event:However, the story appeared to be an embarrassment for Democratic Party-oriented mainstream media outlets like CNN and MSNBC. Not surprisingly, CNN seemed to avoid any extended coverage of the shooting, opting instead to focus most of its news coverage yesterday on the Grenfell Tower fire in London. Ever since Hillary Clinton s epic defeat last November, most US mainstream media organizations have been going all-out to discredit the new president. CNN s own Kathy Griffin, a 56-year-old  comedian  sparked public outrage last month after releasing a photo and video depicting her holding the bloodied head of President Trump in an ISIS-style video.Other liberal media sources are attempting to frame the attack as a  gun control  story, rather than a politically-motivated act of domestic terrorism.The following is a live debate which aired on RT International on Wednesday night, featuring 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen, Tighe Barry from Code Pink, and  Lionel  a frequent contributor on RT America. Watch:READ MORE DAILY SHOOTER NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Daily Shooter FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22877,"Boiler Room EP #112 – UK Election, Omran & Technocratic Tech","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Miles of Truth, Randy J and Basil Valentine (21WIRE & ACR contributors) for the hundred and twelfth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re getting a lesson in the UK political process as well as real time monitoring of the election as it develops with Basil Valentine and Miles of Truth calling in from the UK. We examine the updates in the story of Omran Daqneesh (formerly referred to as  Syria boy  and/or  Dusty boy ), more US airstrikes in Syria and a look at some technocratic police state and data collection technology that are anything but benign to freedom and privacy.Listen to  Boiler Room #112   UK Election, Omran & Technocratic Tech  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #112Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links:",0
22878,"Is the United States of America a Liberal Democracy, or Liberal Oligarchy?","21st Century Wire says Does the American ideal of a egalitarian meritocracy really live up to the reality? Did it ever?The world s political and financial elite are currently operating in an epoch which features the greatest wealth gap in human history, and in a financial environment which is the most unrestrained in modern times   all controlled by a relatively small tribe of hereditary elites.It s high time to question and reexamine the post-modern concept of  democracy Liberal Democracy is a system of governance conditioned not only by political liberties such as free and fair elections, universal suffrage, and rights to run for office, but also by constitutional liberties such as the rule of law, respect for minorities, freedom of speech, religion and assembly, private property rights, and most importantly, a wide separation of powers. The founding pillar of liberal democracy, therefore, is its citizens  ability to influence the government s policy formulation through the exercise of the aforementioned political and constitutional liberties. In other words, while a flawless correspondence between government policy formulation and majority preferences is idealistic, government responsiveness to citizens  interests and concerns, in the process of policy formulation, is of central importance when evaluating democratic governance.Petar Djolic Global ResearchErgo, by embracing the Iron Law of Oligarchy and The Elite Theory s perspective, this paper will illustrate how the U.S. system of governance, while providing constitutional, that is, civil liberties to its citizens, espouses more focused and more powerful interests over more diffused and less powerful interests. This inevitably results in the U.S. political system being a liberal oligarchy rather than liberal democracy as it is presumed by many (see Dahl, 1971, 1985, 2006; Tocqueville, 2000; Monroe, 1979; Key, 1961 and famously Lincoln, 1989).First, the paper will review the Iron Law of Oligarchy and The Elite Theory while highlighting some of their most prominent advocates. Next, by briefly reflecting upon the definition of the oligarchs and the elites, the paper will place the concept of political influence that corporate power exerts in context. Subsequently, the paper will survey an eminent empirical study that found a vast discrepancy in the U.S. government s responsiveness to the majority preferences as opposed to the preferences of the elites. Last, the essay will illustrate how studies confirming an ostensibly desirable degree of government s responsiveness to the preferences of average citizens neglect the reflection of those preferences to those of wealthy citizens. The Iron Law of Oligarchy and The Elite TheoryPolitical theory, The Iron Law of Oligarchy, was first proposed by Robert Michels in his book Political Parties (1999) and later developed into The Elite Theory by scholars such as C. Wright Mills, Elmer Eric Schattschneider, G. William Domhoff, etc. Opposing pluralism, the theory focuses on the disparity between the political influence exerted by the oligarchs or the elites, actors that control considerable concentrations of wealth, as opposed to that of the average citizen. This school of political thought argues that the U.S. system of governance espouses more focused and more powerful interests over more diffused and less powerful interests.  That is, the advocates of the Elite Theory stress that, in the case of the United States  government policy formulation, influence is conditioned by affluence. Mills (1959), in his magnum opus, The Power Elite, offered a comprehensive description of how U.S. political, economic, military and social elites have dominated key issues in public policy formulation. Similarly, in The Semisovereign People, Schattschneider asserted that the realm of the pressure system is actually fairly small: the range of organized, identifiable, known groups is amazingly narrow; there is nothing remotely universal about it  (1960: 30).Schattschneider continues by arguing that business or upper-class bias of the pressure system shows up everywhere  (ibid: 30), therefore, the  notion that the pressure system is automatically representative of the whole community is a myth  (ibid: 36).Instead, Schattschneider posits,the  system is skewed, loaded and unbalanced in favor of a fraction of a minority  (ibid: 36).G. William Domhoff made a significant contributed to the elite theory with his book, Who Rules America: The Triumph of the Corporate Rich. Domhoff (2013) presented a detailed depiction of how operating through various organizations such as think-tanks, opinion shaping apparatus and lobby groups enable elites to control key issues within policy formulation.Oligarchs and The ElitesAccording to Aristotle (1996), oligarchs are citizens who control and command an extensive concentration of wealth   who always happen to be  the few .  Similarly, people who, due to their strategic positions in powerful organizations, have the ability to influence political outcomes, are classified by most scholars as economic and political elites (Higley, 2006). Therefore, the terms oligarchs and elites are often used interchangeably. These individuals can  affect the basic stability of political regimes, the overall arrangements and workings of political institutions, and the key policies of the government  (Higley and Burton, 2006: 7). Typically, elites and oligarchs consist of the top directors and executives of the major corporations. Nonetheless, they can belong to other essential sectors of the society such as political, military and administrative (Keller, 1963). By owning a wealth-producing property, these individuals make large-scale investment and, therefore, employment decisions, which ultimately regulates the United States  economy (Higley and Pakulski, 2012). Therefore, a large percentage of American economic assets are disproportionately controlled by a rather small number of corporations.Empirical StudyOver time, a variety of diverse actors that seem to have influence on U.S. policy formulation have been identified. Coincidentally, normative concerns that the U.S. political system is vastly influenced by capital driven individuals and groups have been growing. Until recently, however, providing empirical evidence that supported these concerns proved to be very difficult, almost impossible. Nonetheless, several, fairly recent empirical studies have demonstrated that, in the case of the United States, the policy making process is influenced, to a great degree, by more focused and more powerful interests compared to more diffused, less powerful interests (see Gilens and Page, 2014; Winters and Page, 2009; Page, Kalla and Broockman, 2015; Jacobs and Page, 2005; Bartels and Seawright, 2013; etc). However, due to its limited scope, this paper will survey only one of these studies.By employing an imposing data set drawn from a heterogeneous set of policy initiatives, 1,923 in total, Gilens and Page demonstrated that economic elites and organized groups representing business interests have substantial independent impacts on U.S. government policy, while mass-based interest groups and average citizens have little or no independent influence  (2014: pp. 565).By comparing policy preferences of American citizens at the 50th income percentile to that of American citizens at the 90th income percentile, Gilens and Page (2014) found that the United States  policy formulation is conditioned by the preferences of the latter group far more than it is conditioned by the preferences of the former group. In fact, the influence that the medium voter exerts on the U.S. policy formulation is  near zero  (Gilens and Page, 2014: pp. 576). By including the data that dates all the way back to 1980 the authors illustrated that such state of affairs has been a long-term trend, making it harder for ordinary citizens to comprehend, let alone reverse. However,  ordinary citizens, might often be observed to  win , that is, to get their preferred policy outcomes, even if they had no independent effect whatsoever on policy making, if elites, with whom they often agree with, actually prevail  as policy formulation is not a zero-sum game (Gilens and Page, 2014: pp. 570). Nevertheless, it is crucial to point out that this correlation is erroneous in terms of causal impact and, consequently, provides a false sense of political equality. In other words, the results obtained by the authors demonstrate how the relatively high level of government s responsiveness to the preferences of average and low income citizens is nothing more than a reflection of the preferences shared by wealthy citizens. However, by incorporation a multivariate analysis of different test groups, Gilens and Page (2014), illustrated how the influence of average citizens  preferences drops rapidly once their preferences differ to that of wealthy citizens.The ideal of political equality that average American citizens, as well as many scholars, hold dear, stands in stark contrast to the immense representational biases demonstrated by Gilens and Page. While acknowledging that a perfect political equality has a particularly idealistic character, the enormous dichotomy in the system s responsiveness to citizens at different income levels reinforces doubt associated with the presumed liberal democratic character of American society and leads this paper to conclude that the U.S. is, contrary to popular belief, a liberal oligarchy as opposed to liberal democracy.By embracing the Iron Law of Oligarchy and The Elite Theory s perspective, this paper illustrated how the U.S. system of governance, while providing constitutional, that is, civil liberties to its citizens, espouses more focused and more powerful interests over more diffused and less powerful interests. This inevitably results in the U.S. political system being a liberal oligarchy rather than liberal democracy as it is presumed by many. First, the paper reviewed the Iron Law of Oligarchy and The Elite Theory and highlighted some of their most prominent advocates. Next, by briefly reflecting upon the definition of the oligarchs and the elites, the paper placed the concept of corporate power and political influence it exerts in context. Subsequently, the paper surveyed an eminent empirical study that found a vast discrepancy in the U.S. government s responsiveness to the majority preferences as opposed to the preferences of the elites. Last, the paper illustrated how studies confirming ostensibly desirable levels of government s responsiveness to the preferences of the average citizen neglect the reflection of those preferences to those of wealthy citizens .Continue this article and see all footnotes at Global ResearchREAD MORE NWO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NWO Files",0
22879,What’s the Leading Killer of American Adults Under 50? Drug Overdose.,"21st Century Wire says Last April, the UN general assembly met to discuss how the world s nations can  combat the global drug problem.  It was just the latest non-event in a long line of categorical failures, led by the United States. Ever since US president Richard Nixon declared the  War on Drugs  in 1971, the international narcotics trade has grown from strength to strength, in a black global market that is now worth hundreds of billions of dollars per year. After Nixon, other US presidents tried to champion the issue, from Reagan to Clinton, Bush and Obama. Each of them presided over one epic failure after another. However, where long-term data is available, it does point to systematic failures in drug policies. A study published in the British Medical Journal in 2013 found that despite efforts to limit the supply of these drugs, since 1990 prices have fallen while the purity of the drugs has increased. The trends were similar in the US and in Europe. The authors  conclusion was clear:  These findings suggest that expanding efforts at controlling the global illegal drug market through law enforcement are failing.  (The Guardian)As a direct result of the policies of western governments led by the US, and their corrupt accomplices in the international banking, UN and NGO sectors  in 2017, cheaper, newer and more deadly drugs continue to ruin families and communities, and millions of lives in the new western underclass and youth population Zero HedgeThe opioid crisis that is ravaging urban and suburban communities across the US claimed an unprecedented 59,000 lives last year, according to preliminary data gathered by the New York Times. If accurate, that s equivalent to a roughly 19% increase over the approximately 52,000 overdose deaths recorded in 2015, the NYT reported last year.Overdoses, made increasingly common by the introduction of fentanyl and other powerful synthetic opioids into the heroin supply, are now the leading cause of death for Americans under 50. And all evidence suggests the problem has continued to worsen in 2017. One coroner in Western Pennsylvania told a local newspaper that his office is literally running out of room to store the bodies, and that it was recently forced to buy a larger freezer.The initial data points to large increases in these types of deaths in states along the East Coast, particularly Maryland, Florida, Pennsylvania and Maine. In Ohio, which filed a lawsuit last week accusing five drug companies of abetting the opioid epidemic, the Times estimated that overdose deaths increased by more than 25 percent in 2016.In some Ohio counties, deaths from heroin have virtually disappeared. Instead, the primary culprit is fentanyl or one of its many analogues. In Montgomery County, home to Dayton, of the 100 drug overdose deaths recorded in January and February, only three people tested positive for heroin; 97 tested positive for fentanyl or another analogue.In some states in the western half of the US, data suggest deaths may have leveled off for the time being   or even begun to decline. Experts believe that the heroin supply west of the Mississippi River, traditionally dominated by a variant of the drug known as black tar which is smuggled over the border from Mexico, isn t as easily adulterated with lethal analogues as the powder that s common on the East Coast Continue this story at Zero HedgeREAD MORE WAR ON DRUGS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire War on Drugs FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22880,"US Coalition Airstrike on Syrian Army in Al-Tanf is Another Calculated War Crime, Aims to Destroy Arab Unity","Bouthaina Shaaban, Political & Media Advisor to Syrian President, Bashar Al AssadThe crimes committed by the US forces by bombing units of the Syrian Arab Army that were advancing to liberate the Al-Tanf crossing on the border with Iraq, and before it in Al-Thardah Mountain in Deir Al-Zour, and then Al-Shaerat Airport were not random or coincidental. They were, as in the case of the war crimes committed by US aircrafts against the Syrian people and Syrian infrastructure, calculated, and are part of the general geopolitical scheme to divide the region.The truth is that any connection between Syria and Iraq has been forbidden since the two countries  independence in the middle of the 20th century. The Baghdad Pact of 1955, which included Britain, Iraq, Turkey, Iran and Pakistan was meant contain the Arab national tide on the one hand, and to counter what then was called Soviet influence in the region on the other hand. Although this alliance fell in 1958, President Dwight D. Eisenhower declared a set principles in a private letter to Congress, which became known as the Eisenhower Doctrine. According to these principles, any country could request US economic aid or aid of the US armed forces if subjected to threats from another country. This was what Camille Chamoun did in 1958, when the nationalists in Lebanon rebelled to pursue the Arab national line and against Chamoun s attempt to rig elections. Eisenhower responded to Chamoun s request and sent the Marines to Beirut to preserve the  neutrality  of Lebanon s foreign policy, despite its  sympathy  with Arab issues.After Sadat signed the Sinai 2 Agreement, and later the Camp David Accords, President Hafez al-Assad tried to compensate for the Arabs  loss of Egypt by establishing a Levantine Front. He went to Iraq, Jordan and the Palestine Liberation Organization in Beirut.To the present day, secret CIA documents show that the instructions were issued at the time to Saddam Hussein to mobilise military forces on the Syrian border, to threaten Syria, and to advise Yasser Arafat against cooperation or even coordination with Syria . Despite President Hafez al-Assad s visit to Jordan, King Hussein has never been able shake off Western influence and engage in any joint Arab action.Today, despite the various reasons and pretexts, all the actions of the United States, Britain and France in Syria aim to continue to weaken the Syrian state, and cut off ties with neighbouring Arab countries, as well as countering the Russian efforts to support Syrian unity. After years of intervening in support of terrorism and arming its gangs, Britain and France recently recognised the presence of their troops on Syrian soil. U.S. Secretary of State John Foster Dulles (left) and President Eisenhower (right)The United States is applying the Eisenhower Doctrine, at times under the guise of supporting Kurds, or supporting democracy, but the real aim is to drain each Arab country separately, so that the Arab Nation could not form a human, geographical, historical, and cultural unity in the face of the Zionist project and the Western influence in the region.President Hafez al-Assad has tried, with all Arabs, to create any form of Arab solidarity and has expressed his willingness to make any necessary concessions, especially with Iraq. During the Iraq-Iran war he made an offer to Iraq to establish a Syrian-Iraqi unity, in which he would be vice-president, as a way out of the war through negotiations with the Iranians, but all his offers were rejected.Instead, Saddam Hussein supported and armed the Muslim Brotherhood terrorist gangs associated with Israel and the Western intelligence, who hit Syrian cities by car bombs, assassination, and sectarian killingsbetween the late seventies and early eighties.If we look closely at the history of the twentieth century and what is happening today in our country, it is certain that the main target of Britain, France and the United States  since World War I, is the Arab civilization, Arab identity and the geographical unity of Arab lands.What is remarkable is that very few Arabs have shown any awareness of this strategy, not to mention developing their own strategies for ensuring the Arabs  interests and rights. Hence, the Syrian Arab Army s plan to give priority for reaching the al-Tanf crossing and to make way for the geographical, economic and social ties with Iraq is to undermine the old old western plans to prevent communication between these two brotherly countries.The replacement of Israel with Iran as an enemy of the Arabs and the fabrication of the danger of Shiism are the latest pretexts for the continuation of Western hegemony on our land, our people and our wealth, using terrorism and Wahhabi money this time. These lies are a new episode in a series of lies, and their main aim is to prevent Arab unity and the rise of Arab power.***READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22881,"Kathy Griffin & Hillary Clinton Are Losers, Not Victims","21st Century Wire says Those on the  left  need to start taking responsibility for their actions.Kathy Griffin, an alleged comedian, has received immense backlash for a stunt she pulled earlier in the week. Griffin apparently thought it would be a great idea to pose with a blood soaked effigy of President Donal Trump s decapitated head.Now, after making the incendiary, and some may say threatening, photograph, she is attempting to turn the narrative around claiming to be a victim of  bullying .Similarly, Hillary Clinton is blaming a conspiracy of 1000 Russian agents working against her, fake news, Twitter bots, and misogyny for her election loss. She makes no mention of the fact that it was clear the Democratic voters wanted Bernie Sanders, not her, and that simply not being Donald Trump was not a good enough reason to vote for her.The massive problem with this scapegoating and more is discussed in the following video report: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22882,Hollywood Suffers Meltdown Over Trump’s Withdraw from Paris Climate Deal,"Hollywood is having kittens over US President Trump s recent snub of the Paris Climate Agreement. Especially upset are the elite cadre of multi-millionaire celebrities, along with various and sundry billionaires like Elon Musk, who still believe the earth is heating up because of anthropogenic global warming, aka man-made Co2. Already, the EU has rejected Donald Trump s offer to renegotiate the Paris Agreement, opting instead to bypass Washington DC by working with US CEOs, city mayors and state governors   to implement the climate accords.What Hollywood, Elon Musk, Bernie Sanders and the rest, will not tell you   is that the earth is already entering a global cooling phase which could lead to a mini ice age. Unlike trace warming over a 500 year period, a cooling phase can radical alter the viability of normal life in the Northern Hemisphere, including frosts that will lead to the failure of large parts of the agriculture sector which can lead to severe food shortages   which can make food scarce and much more expensive.More on this report from Lifezette  .Leonardo DiCaprio on his private yacht, incredibly worried about global warming.Todd Barnes LifezettePresident Trump s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord has sparked widespread hysteria in juice bars and luxury spas across Hollywood.As a candidate, Trump vowed to  cancel  the Paris climate deal   slamming what he called draconian climate rules. The Paris accord is very unfair at the highest level to the United States,  the president told a gathering Thursday in the Rose Garden.House Speaker Paul Ryan praised the president s decision and thanked him for  withdrawing from this bad deal. The Paris climate agreement was simply a raw deal for America,  Ryan said.  Signed by President Obama without Senate ratification, it would have driven up the cost of energy, hitting middle-class and low-income Americans the hardest. But some of Hollywood s most esteemed scientists fear the president s decision will put the nation on a slippery slope to the hothouse   an apocalyptic future with melting igloos and polar bears unable to put their Coca-Colas on ice. If this is true he will have the death of whole nations on his hands,  warned scientist-actor Mark Ruffalo.  People will be looking to the USA for retribution for what they loose [sic]. I wonder which nation will be the first to spontaneously combust   Iceland? Liechtenstein? Beauty and the Beast  star Josh Gad took a break from playing make-believe to ponder our fate. Our children & our grandchildren have all just been handed a dark future because of a man who tweets at 3:00 AM & doesn t  trust  science,  Gad tweeted.Cher, who apparently has some sort of graduate level degree in climatology, posted a bizarre rant, suggesting the nation has been  held hostage by Insane DICTATOR. Don Cheadle, known for his esteemed role as a Juicy Burger s employee in the 1985 film  Moving Violations,  decided to bring Trump s little boy into the debate. Today, our planet suffered,  declared Leo DeCaprio on Twitter. If you care about your kids maybe reconsider your #ParisAgreement decision. Barron will thank you when he sees you, whenever that is,  Cheadle tweeted.Leonardo DeCaprio, who became a famous Hollywood star because of an iceberg, was devastated by the news. Today, our planet suffered,  he declared on Twitter.Do you feel his pain, America? I suspect he will evacuate to some far-flung, exotic island in a private jet to mend his wounded psyche Continue this story at LifezetteREAD MORE CLIMATE CHANGE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Climate Change FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22883,"BILDERBERG: More Secret Meetings with Trump Advisors, US Senators","Mark Anderson The Truth HoundThe danger-ridden, tyrannical goal of creating an all-consuming corporate-ruled world superstate dubbed  One World Ltd.  -incrementally advanced since Bilderberg first met in Holland in 1954 under the auspices of Jesuit-trained European consolidator Joseph Retinger and his agent, Prince Bernhard of The Netherlands   explains why Bilderberg goes to such lengths to keep the details of its inner-workings so secret, while functioning as an off-the-grid world networking and planning forum for private governance benefitting the banking and general corporate classes. A core tactic is to parallel but eventually supersede the nation state itself, thereby canceling effective, genuine nationhood altogether.Bilderberg s gatherings, for the record, consist of about 140 mainly North American and European corporate moguls (including select big media), government ministers, treasury officials, parliament members, high-technology leaders, certain royalty (including Bernhard s daughter, Netherlands Queen Beatrix) and central bankers who annually skulk into the world s top hotels, in order to cross-pollinate to pursue One World Ltd. and related financial and political dealings.McMASTER, TWO U.S. SENATORS ATTENDINGIt s highly notable that President Donald Trump s National Security Advisor, H.R. McMaster, is listed as an attendee for this year s Bilderberg meeting June 1-4 in Chantilly, Va., at Westfields Marriot. Other U.S. officials attending who are currently serving in public office are Senators Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) and Tom Cotton (R-Ark.). While Graham jetted to last year s Bilderberg meeting in Dresden, Germany, Cotton evidently is attending his first-ever Bilderberg meeting.SEE ALSO: BILDERBERG: What s The Big Deal?The 65th Bilderberg gathering this year has 131 participants from 21 countries having confirmed their attendance. The entire attendee and official topic lists (but not necessarily complete) can be found at this link [note on this list the large amount of serving Trump Administration officials, and this year s Bilderberg features more active duty US officials than any other previous meeting].McMaster, Graham and Cotton all share a neo-conservative ideology of aggressively patrolling the world, in conjunction with the UK and the EU, to push Western  democracy  and monopoly capitalism, while fostering hostility toward Iran, Russia and Syria, for the benefit of Zionism, among other things. This fits the Bilderberg credo of using one might say leasing U.S. military power and other influence to control the natural resources and economic machinery of as many nations as possible, while co-opting or overthrowing those nations that stand firm with their own sovereignty.The Virginia gathering marks Bilderberg s first North American meeting in five years. Last year in Germany, according to the group s officially shallow  press release,  they discussed (in their own words):  Artificial Intelligence, Cybersecurity, Chemical Weapons Threats, Current Economic Issues, European Strategy, Globalisation, Greece, Iran, Middle East, NATO, Russia, Terrorism, United Kingdom, USA and U.S. Elections.The group s press releases, a marvel of  revealing simplicity,  typically present bluntly-worded topics, such as  Russia,   Iran   United Kingdom,   European Strategy  and so on. Such topics are clearly indicative of Bilderberg s objectives and concerns for maintaining Western hegemony over Russia and its allies, Iran and Syria, which could include war or the risk of war with Iran and does include targeting Syria under the guise of  fighting  ISIS Continue this story at The Truth HoundNOTE: The May 24 North American premiere of  Bilderberg, the Movie,  produced by researcher and author Daniel Estulin and covered exclusively by The TRUTH HOUND among national mainstream and alternative news outlets, stressed one point that cannot be overstressed: The Bilderberg Group above all is in pursuit of   One World Ltd.  On that note, the movie s promotional flyer asked:  What do people who have $1,000,000,000,000,000 talk about in private? While the Estulin movie itself, of course, could not be filmed, videographer Ron Avery shot footage of Estulin s question-and-answer session immediately afterwards. WATCH: READ MORE BILDERBERG NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bilderberg FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22884,Boiler Room EP #111 – Build-a-World-Order-Burger,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis, Randy J (21WIRE & ACR contributor), Andy Nowicki of Alt-Right Novelist and Basil Valentine (21WIRE & ACR contributor) for the hundred and eleventh episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.This week on the show we re talking about Builderberg 2017, Zbigniew Brzezinski s role in social engineering, Feminists  galloping  around Stockholm as horses (in protest of  we re not really sure what) and breaking news of the death of Noriega.Direct Download Episode #111Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links:",0
22885,ABSOLUTE SUBMISSION: Trump Bows to Neocon Orthodoxy,"Consortium News Exclusive: In his Mideast trip to Saudi Arabia and Israel, President Trump sought some political safe harbor by tacking toward neocon orthodoxy and jettisoning his campaign promises of a more rational strategy, writes Daniel Lazare.Daniel Lazare Consortium NewsWith astounding precision, Donald Trump zeroed in on the worst possible Middle East policy option in his recent trip to Saudi Arabia and made it his own. He rebuffed the efforts of Iran s newly elected moderate government to open up communications with the West and instead deepened America s alliances with decrepit autocratic regimes across the Persian Gulf.Turning up his nose at Iran   a rising young power   he embraced Saudi Arabia, which is plainly on its last legs. It was a remarkable display    rather like visiting a butcher shop and passing up a fresh steak for one that s rancid and smelly and buzzing with flies.Saudi Arabia is not just any tired dictatorship with an abysmal human-rights record but one of the most spectacularly dysfunctional societies in history. It takes in half a billion dollars a day in oil revenue, yet is so profligate that it could run out of money in half a decade. It sits atop 18 percent of the world s proven oil reserves, yet is so wasteful that, at current rates, it will become a net importer by the year 2030.Its king travels with a thousand-person retinue wherever he goes while his son, Deputy Crown Prince Muhammad bin Salman, plunked down $550 million not long ago when a 440-foot yacht caught his eye in the south of France. Yet this pair of royal kleptocrats dares preach austerity at a time when as much as 25 percent of the population lives on less than $17 a day in trash-strewn Third World slums.Similarly, Saudi Arabia s appetite for high-tech weaponry is such that in 2015 it became the largest arms importer in the world. Yet its military is so inept that it is unable to subdue ragtag Houthi rebels in neighboring Yemen or even stop them from raiding deep inside Saudi territory and launching regular missile attacks.The kingdom accuses Iran of sectarianism yet bans all religions other than Islam, arrests Christians for the  crime  of praying and possessing Bibles, equates atheism with terrorism, and has imposed a state of siege on Shi ite Muslims in its own Eastern Province. Although a bit restrained of late, its religious police are notorious for roaming the shopping malls and striking out with canes at anyone violating shari a law.As the English novelist Hilary Mantel (of Wolf Hall fame) recalled of the four years she spent in the kingdom with her geologist husband, it was impossible to know what might arouse their ire:  it might be the flashing denim legs of a Filipina girl revealed for a second beneath an abaya gone adrift, or it might be the plate-glass shop front of a business that, as the evening prayer call spiraled through the damp air-conditioned halls, had failed to slam down its metal shutters fast enough. What were the rules? No one knew. Saudi Arabia also denounces terrorism at every turn even though its funding groups like Al Qaeda and ISIS (also known as ISIL and Islamic State) is an open secret. In 2009, then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton complained in a diplomatic memo made public by Wikileaks that  donors in Saudi Arabia constitute the most significant source of funding to Sunni terrorist groups worldwide.  In September 2014, she observed that  Qatar and Saudi Arabia   are providing clandestine financial and logistic support to ISIL and other radical Sunni groups in the region. A few days later, Vice President Joe Biden told a Harvard audience that  the Saudis, the emirates, etc.   were so determined to take down [Syrian President Bashar al-] Assad and essentially have a proxy Sunni-Shia war   [that] they poured hundreds of millions of dollars and tens of thousands of tons of military weapons into anyone who would fight against Assad, except the people who were being supplied were Al Nusra and Al Qaeda and the extremist elements of jihadis coming from other parts of the world.  (Quote starts at 53:30.)Arming the SaudisRather than fighting ISIS and Al Qaeda, the Saudis give them money so that they can wage jihad on religious minorities. Yet this is the country that Trump now calls upon to  drive out the terrorists and extremists,  which is as ludicrous as relying on the KKK to drive out racism. It s also the country that he hopes will serve as the cornerstone of an  Arab NATO  so that he can sell it more jet fighters and Blackhawk helicopters.But the Saudi military is already top-heavy with such gear while at the same time so short of infantry that it relies on ill-trained Sudanese mercenaries, scores of whom were reportedly killed in a recent battle in the Red Sea province of Midi in Yemen s north. This is not surprising since no Saudi in his right mind wants to serve as a foot soldier so that the deputy crown prince can buy another yacht. But more such purchases will only add to the military imbalance while adding more fuel to the broader Middle East conflagration.So how did this god-awful marriage come about? Is it all Trump s fault? Or have others contributed to the mess? The answer, of course, is the latter.Every president since Franklin Roosevelt has contributed to the catastrophe. Roosevelt declared Saudi Arabia a U.S. protectorate while Dwight Eisenhower got it into his head that a corrupt desert monarchy would somehow be useful in the fight against Communism. Worried that it might come under Soviet influence, Jimmy Carter commenced a military buildup in the Persian Gulf that, according to a 2009 Princeton University study, has now surpassed the $10-trillion mark.Ronald Reagan relied on the Saudis to finance arms to the Nicaraguan Contras and to Jonas Savimbi s pro-apartheid guerrillas in Angola. George H.W. Bush launched a major war to save the Saudis from the evil Saddam Hussein. George W. Bush and Barack Obama covered up the Saudi role in 9/11, while Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton encouraged them and other Gulf monarchies to fund anti-government rebels in Libya and Syria during the Arab Spring. Both Libya and Syria fell to ruin as a consequence as hundreds of millions of dollars flowed to pro-Al Qaeda forces and the flames of Wahhabist terrorism spread ever wider.Indeed, Donald Trump for a while seemed to augur something different. Rather than praising the kingdom, he denounced it in 2011 as  the world s biggest funder of terrorism  and asserted, not inaccurately, that it was using  our petro dollars   our very own money   to fund the terrorists that seek to destroy our people while the Saudis rely on us to protect them.  Once on the campaign trail, he upped the ante by declaring that the Saudis  blew up the World Trade Center  and threatened to block their oil if they didn t do more to fight ISIS Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22886,PHILIPPINES: 2016 Washington’s Fury as Philippine’s Elections Threaten US Anti-China Policy," Duterte takes clear lead in Philippine elections. (Photo: IBT)Andrew Korybko The DuranMay 2016: As Filipinos choose their next President on Monday, prospect of election of anti-establishment candidate threatens the geopolitical viability of the US s Pivot to Asia.The Philippines votes for its next President on Monday.  Whilst the rest of the world pays little attention, strategists in Washington are worried.The electoral frontrunner is Rodrigo Duterte, an eccentric, no-nonsense former mayor from the southern island of Mindanao who commands a Trump-like popularity and an equally loyal following. He has shaken Philippine politics to its core over the past couple of months, defying establishment pundits who   just as they did with Trump   wrongly predicted that his campaign would fizzle out over the course of each passing week.Having totally underestimated just how dissatisfied most Filipinos are with the status quo, Duterte s rivals missed the chance to outshine him by his anti-system rhetoric. With the race in its final days that is now too late.  Instead   also paralleling what happened with Trump   there are desperate calls for coalitions and deals to stop him.Should these fail and should Duterte win on Monday, he promises a geopolitical revolution unlike anything the Philippines has ever seen in its history. Pivoting To Asia Through The PhilippinesThe US s Pivot to Asia was announced by then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the fall of 2011 with the unstated but obvious goal of  containing  China. Key to this strategy is the  rebalancing    as the Pentagon calls it   of an estimated 60% of its overseas forces to the Asia-Pacific theatre. Such a major deployment requires many more bases than the US currently has in the region. The US has therefore sought the help of the loyal leader of its former Philippines colony, Benigno Aquino III, to find a way to re-open its bases in the Philippines which under popular pressure were closed in the 1990s.Using the  China threat  as the  plausibly justifiable  reason for doing so, but aware that the Philippines people still resent their former coloniser and are proud of having forced the US to close its Philippines bases at the end of the Cold War, the US has devised what it calls an  Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement  (EDCA) that allows for the  rotational presence  of American troops in at least five separate bases, one of which is located on the strategic island of Palawan that abuts the South China Sea.Although not legally  permanent  or  officially  controlled by the US, this wink-and-a-nod arrangement would in reality allow the US to redeploy its forces to the Philippines, returning the Philippines archipelago to the role of the US s second  unsinkable aircraft carrier  (alongside Japan) which it had during the Cold War.The  China Containment Coalition The Pentagon plans to use the Philippines as the maritime lynch of its  China Containment Coalition  (CCC), gathering all of its allies  navies together and deploying them within provocative striking range of China s claimed islands.The other three members of the US-led Quadrilateral Security Dialogue   Japan, India, and Australia   would find their own way to  rotate  their military units throughout the Philippines islands as well, thereby forming the core of the CCC.To add a regional element to this mix, the plan is for the Philippines and Vietnam, both of which contest some of China s maritime claims, to intensify their strategic cooperation to the point of a mutual defence treaty. This would draw Vietnam into the network of the anti-China coalition being built up by Washington by using the defence ties between Vietnam and the Philippines to making the members of the Quadrilateral Security Dialogue de facto allies of Vietnam.Altogether, the Pentagon plan is to produce a critical mass of hostile states near China s southern maritime border which backed by the US could quickly  counter  any moves by Beijing thereby  containing  it to the East Asian mainland.Duterte s RevolutionEverything was proceeding according to plan until Duterte began to question the  Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement . While his running mate has said Duterte would honour the agreement, he added that he would do so  from a position of strength .Back in October 2014, Duterte went on record to say the  Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement  should be scrapped if it allowed US servicemen in the Philippines to avoid justice for any crimes they committed.This pinpoints an issue very sensitive for Filipinos who have vivid memories of how US troops were able to escape punishment for acts of gross misbehaviour whilst the US military occupied its bases in the Philippines.  Public anger over this issue was one of the key factors in mobilising local opposition to the bases and explains why many Filipinos oppose their return.Since it is impossible to imagine such an incident not arising at some point, it is all but inevitable that a situation will occur which will fulfil Duterte s criterion for scrapping the  Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement  Taken together with Duterte s assertion that he intends to deal with the US  from a position of strength  it is easy to see how this might trigger the process of revoking the agreement.No Filipino politician has previously spoken about the US in this way.  Moreover other things he has said also suggest an intention to send a strongly independent line.Not surprisingly the Pentagon-affiliated publication  Starts and Stripes , which writes for US servicemen servicemen and their families, published a scathing critique of Duterte just last week.  Here are some excerpts: With Filipinos set to choose among five candidates on May 9, Duterte, the incumbent mayor of Davao City who has said the U.S.  should not meddle in our affairs,  holds a strong lead, according to the most recent poll released Sunday.Duterte is very popular now because people are sick and tired of the same old, same old,  said Virginia Bacay Watson, a professor at the Asia-Pacific Center for Security Studies in Honolulu.  He s kind of a fresh face, fresh perspective, compared to the other elites who are running. Duterte has presented himself to voters as a straight-talker who is not part of the Manila elite   someone who can get things done even if he needs to bend the rules to do so. That includes the country s foreign affairs. He feels that American influence is too strong, that we re too dependent on U.S. intervention in anything we do,  said Babe Romualdez, an opinion columnist for The Philippine Star newspaper who has interviewed the candidates one-on-one about their platforms on the U.S. military and relations with China. He was an activist when he was a student and young lawyer,  Romualdez said.  I get a sense that he s saying the same things that most of the militants say. In Romualdez s interview with the front-runner, the candidate said  we really don t need the Americans to deal with the Chinese because the Chinese want to talk to us alone. If I become president I m going to reach out to the Chinese and talk to them alone without American intervention,  he said.Duterte publically opposed the Visiting Forces Agreement with the U.S.   of which the EDCA was an amendment   and claimed in 2013 that he had rejected a request by the U.S. to establish Davao as a base of operations for drones.Earlier this year, he was quoted saying that although the country was now bound by the EDCA, he had  reservations about the presence of foreign troops.  He added,  We will not allow the building of structures. Clearly, Duterte is not the sort of leader the Pentagon envisaged for the Philippines.   If he becomes Philippine President there will inevitably be concern in Washington that its elaborate plans for an anti-Chinese coalition in the region could be scuttled.The New Silk Road Pays A Pit Stop To The PhilippinesWorse still for the US Duterte is saying the Philippines and China could have peaceful and pragmatic relations with each other, engaging in bilateral dialogue over their disputes without the meddling interference of the US.What that would mean for the US is that the Philippines might become a tacit Chinese ally, which would completely upend the regional strategic balance.That is not what Duterte is actually calling for, but he did say is that he not only would be open to talking to Beijing, but would even further and engage in joint exploration in the South China Sea. Further, in seeking to develop the decades-neglected infrastructure of one of the most promising economies of Asia, Duterte has suggested that he would be open to inviting China to build a railroad and other types of connective projects that Beijing has become globally renowned for. This would of course mean replacing US contractors   traditionally heavily entrenched in the Philippines   with cheaper and possibly more efficient Chinese ones   potentially causing US companies to lose out from billions of dollars of construction deals.Joint maritime exploration and infrastructure cooperation between the Philippines and China has the potential to turn the entire Philippines archipelago into the latest pit stop for China s New Silk Road, presenting the US with its biggest geopolitical setback since the reunification of Crimea with Russia.Concluding ThoughtsThe entire future of the US s Pivot to Asia hangs in the balance as Filipinos go to the polls in what is shaping up to be the most pivotal election in their country s history.While the US and its allied politicians are preaching a campaign of anti-Chinese fear mongering and war, Rodrigo Duterte is bucking the system and preaching the benefits the Philippines could reap from more pragmatic policies.By questioning the need for the Enhanced Defence Cooperation Agreement and subtly threatening to subvert it, Duterte has made himself the US s enemy number one amongst politicians from the Asia-Pacific. No other individual is speaking out in this way and unlike others who have come before him, he seems to command a high level of genuine people support.If Duterte succeeds in winning the Presidency, it could represent a paradigm shift in Philippine history and the region s geopolitics, resulting in the US losing its second  unsinkable aircraft carrier  and having its Pivot to Asia   ie. its plan to  contain  China   fail before it has even properly got underway.***READ MORE PHILIPPINES NEWS AT 21ST CENTURY WIRE S:  PHILIPPINES FILESSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22887,"Zbigniew Brzezinski, Globalist Scion, Dies at Age 89","21st Century WireZbigniew Brzezinski, national security adviser to President Jimmy Carter and founding member of the Trilateral Commission, died yesterday at the age of 89.Arguably one of the most influential thinkers and authors of the 20th and early 21st centuries, Brzezinski is regarded by many as the vanguard of modern globalism and the architect of the new world order.Brzezinski s two seminal publications, Between Two Ages and The Grand Chessboard are near blueprints of how globalization and geopolitics has progressed in the post-WWII world under an international system of Anglo-American economic and political hegemony.Brzezinski was born in Warsaw, Poland and attended university in both Canada and the US. In mainstream politics, Brzezinski first came to prominence in the early 1960 s as adviser to president John F. Kennedy and later with his successor Lyndon B. Johnson.During his tenure as chief national security advisor to president Jimmy Carter began in 1976, Brzezinski is said to have helped to broker the Panama Canal treaty, as well as Camp David negotiations between Israeli and Egyptian leaders, Menachem Begin and Anwar Sadat. He is also credited with opening up China to the West, and helping to topple the Soviet Union.In his final years, Brzezinski s efforts focused on the US-EU project to encircle and isolate Russia by pulling former Soviet republics and Balkan countries under the umbrella of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO).READ MORE NWO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NWO FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22888,Boiler Room EP #110 – A Deeper Game: Masters of Chaos Strike Again,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis, FunkSoul (21WIRE & ACR contributor), and Basil Valentine (21WIRE & ACR contributor) for the hundred and tenth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club. This week on the show we re talking about the terror event in Manchester, what do you think? Blowback? False Flag? Gladio 2.0? Hoax? A deeper esoteric combination of the options presented? Join us for a discussion on the unfolding of these events, one thing is for sure, regardless of where you stand in your own analysis of these and similar events, the result is higher tensions, social chaos and more police/surveillance state manifestations as civil liberties erode.Direct Download Episode #110Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved! Reference Links:",0
22889,"Bilderberg to Meet Next Week in Chantilly, Virginia","Mark Anderson AFPWith a little help from the Virginia police in the Fairfax County Sully District, as well as the obscure Bilderberg media-relations outlet and its May 19 late-coming online announcement, it s been confirmed that Bilderberg 2017 will take place in Virginia, June 1-4, at the Westfields Marriot in Chantilly.The Bilderbergers are naturally attracted to that snooty, secluded hotel, since they ve met there before in 2002, 2008, and in 2012, the year that Jim Tucker, the late AFP Bilderberg hound, made his last appearance covering the shadowy group after chasing these sons of smokestack billionaires since the mid-1970s.The annual Bilderberg gatherings are perhaps the most exclusive and obscure among all the meetings of economic ministers (G7, G20 etc.), the World Economic Forum, and other, more familiar global groupings.( ) Coming out of last year s meeting in Dresden, Germany, the Bilderbergers are facing an altered world, what with the U.S. president being Donald Trump whose early actions as president included pulling the U.S. out of the Bilderberg-favored Trans-Pacific Partnership. Britain also voted just after last year s Bilderberg meeting to exit the European Union. Early Bilderbergers, beginning with their first meeting in Holland in 1954, helped build the EU through all its intermediate stages to the present Continue this story at AFPREAD MORE BILDERBERG NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bilderberg Files",0
22890,THE JACK BLOOD SHOW: ‘From May Day Riots to Globalism’ with 21WIRE guest Shawn Helton,"21st Century Wire says .From May Day riots to designer technocracy  (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)21WIRE s Shawn Helton joins well-known Talk Radio host Jack Blood on The Jack Blood Show, to discuss the socially engineered May Day protests and riots, the fake news peddled by mainstream media, chemical false flags in Syria, North Korea and the machinations of globalism. Listen as we breakdown today s hyper-real media propaganda READ MORE GLOBALIZATION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Globalization FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22891,Boiler Room EP #109 – It’s a Wonderfull Life,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis, FunkSoul (21WIRE & ACR contributor), Randy J (ACR contributor) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and ninth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club. This week on the show we re talking about what SHOULD be the biggest story on mainstream media but isn t, the latest revalations in the story of the death (murder) of Seth Rich, the DNC staffer who many believe to be one of the main leakers to Wikileaks during the 2016 election. Is his death a deep-state assassination? Is there a cover up under way? Is #TrumpRussia one of the convenient smoke screens to obfuscate this enormous story? You decide! The gang also talks about the death of Chris Cornell of Soundgarden and toss around ideas as to the validity of the suicide narrative coming out of the media so quickly and compare his case to a number of other high profile cases that come with some strange anomalies in their media baggage. The Serial Killer phenomena, possible Phoenix program style chaos on the sidewalks of New York and much more on this episode.Direct Download Episode #109Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22892,FORSAKEN SULTAN: Erdogan Isolated Ahead Trump Meeting in Washington,"Erdogan has very little to offer Trump in Syria. But the question should not be whether Trump could even turn his back on the Kurds in his fight against ISIS. It is more, whether Trump can trust the Turkish leader to not shift the goalposts at the last minute Martin Jay 21st Century WireTurkey s authoritarian leader, who recently brilliantly played a central role in both brokering the recent  safe zones  deal   backed by Iran and Russia   and signing off a new trade deal with Russia, seemed to be rising above the parapet as a regional leader. For a fleeting moment, this autocratic figure, who just scraped in by a whisker through a referendum to usher in new laws which would hurl Turkey truly into the depths of a third world country, shone for a moment. Coming out of the Astana talks, you watched the newsreel footage and almost forgot about the human rights apocalypse which the country is undergoing   from thousands of teachers, judges and civil servants being rounded up on charges linked to an attempted coup in the summer of 2016, right through to the worrying number of journalists locked up in jails, which is constantly compared to North Korea by many rights groups. There are currently over 250 journalists in jail in Turkey in a country where journalism has been pronounced dead under Erdogan s brutal crackdown.No matter. That won t bother Trump. But Erdogan s luck is still about to run out when he visits the US president who will bring him down to earth and show him exactly how much the Turkish leader is worth as a regional ally. We should all expect a bump, followed by a tantrum.Birds of the same feather? Could it be about personalities? When we look at both Erdogan and Trump, there are an alarming number of similarities which one might have thought would have played a role in bringing them closer. Both are nationalist leaders, frothing over their daily ratings, both extraordinarily thin-skinned and more importantly, equal in their colossal contempt for democracy and freedom of speech. Both leaders absolutely hate genuine journalists and what journalism, as an empirical, feature of democracy stands for: the absolute truth.But they are not twins. Erdogan is a political animal whereas Trump came into politics late and is driven by corporate power. Both though understand and resort to very short-term political churlishness and buffoonery. And here s where the worries lie, with Erdogan s plea for Trump to stop backing the Kurds in Northern Syria. When Trump sent 59 Tomahawk missiles into an Shayrat airbase in Syria, he was proving a point: that he, and America, is ultimately a super power. And super powers can do capricious, illogical things like that and still come out a winner. Trump needed to prove to regional leaders that he is capable of exulting military might after nearly all of his Middle East plans seemed to wane since taking office. And it worked. We may all be scratching our heads about the wisdom of hitting the Syrian Army s military infrastructure when the real target in Syria is ISIS, but it generated the media coverage and his popularity lifted back home. When Erdogan however bombed a number of Kurdish installations a few days later   almost following the example of the US president   it didn t have the same effect. Turkey aspires to be a super power but in reality is a fledgling compared to Saudi Arabia and Iran, or even Israel.Back home it was met with mixed reaction, while in Washington it backfired spectacularly. The Pentagon was shocked at how stupid the move was, given that US soldiers were only about 6 miles from the bombing and if they had been wounded or killed, then anything that Erdogan would have hoped to have achieved would have been dashed.Erdogan got the attention he wanted but he just made himself look like a loser in negotiations over how much power and support he demands in northern Syria as a new plan to take Raqqa unfolds; and how the US should now consider no longer arming the only fighting group on the ground in Syria which is fighting ISIS to any real degree, the YPG.Erdogan is beginning to come across as a jilted girlfriend who keeps making the moves to get the attention of Trump, but who just keeps on getting the cold shoulder though.He has been hoping since January that the so-called architect of the attempted coup in Turkey, Fethullah G len, could be extradited by Trump. He has been also hoping for the Kurds to be left out of the push for Raqqa; and he has been suggesting that Turkey and the US should take the city together in the final push for the epicentre of Islamic extremism.Ultimate threat and unsavoury alliancesErdogan has misjudged Trump though, which might explain why none of the three plans have unfolded. This is not a US leader who will be intimidated with threats, like the Kurd bombing. Quite the contrary. The result is that US officials and Donald Trump himself have started to humour Erdogan, for two chief reasons. Trump has investments in Turkey and Erdogan s ultimate threat would be to kick US soldiers and airman out of Incirlik airbase and to sell it to the highest bidder on the geopolitical circuit. The problem with Erdogan, Trump advisers will no doubt be telling him, is not that he has so little to offer militarily in the region. It s that he can t be trusted. They will point to his irrational relations he courts, then rejects, then restores again which makes him look erratic and untrustworthy   whether its erratic relations with Israel, Russia or even NATO and the EU. There are just too many u-turns. Erdogan sees Russia as the new trading partner and this is where his real interests and loyalties lie. And then there s Iran, considered by the Trump camp to be the very crux of America s problems in the region and vehemently hated by most of his advisers who are planning to bomb it at some point    which Turkey desperately wants to develop relations with both with trade and energy deals. But it s not just Iran and Russia which will irk Trump when he considers Erdogan s last chance gambit to save the Turkish leader s neck as he has to convince voters in two years that he   and his new anti-democratic grasp on the country s judges, media and other key institutions   is the winning ticket for Turkey. No, it s more about the relations that Erdogan has had with groups in Syria   like ISIS and Jabat al Nusra, which few doubt were being supported by Turkey at some point. Let s not forget that ISIS managed to swell its numbers dramatically by foreign jihadists crossing its southern border; for a long time, extremists were seen as a way to destabilize the Assad government in Syria, hence allies of Turkey.Erdogan has left it too long to come into the anti-ISIS theatre to be taken seriously. And so Erdogan s point of view that the US should not be backing the YPG and PYD in Syria   due to their links to the PKK   is actually a triumph of futility, as arguments go. Washington, certainly the Pentagon which Trump takes seriously, doesn t take Erdogan s offer to take Raqqa together seriously. It would probably involve too many US soldiers (whereas the Kurd plan won t) and the Turks would probably shift the goalposts at the last moment.Russia s foreign minister s meeting with Trump is a different matter. Super powers meet super powers and important decisions are thrashed out. When Erdogan arrives, he will be treated like an annoying neighbour who has arrived at the party late, on the pretext of complaining about the noise but really wanting to just worm his way in for a free drink. Small people, small issues.Adversaries of Erdogan close to Trump will also no doubt be raising the obvious question of how far can the US trust a regional leader, who, just days before a referendum which would give him more power, changed the voting rules which gave him the critical few percent at the polls?Erdogan s people have no confidence in their own leader in DCMoreover, the unspoken but very real threat that he may attack the Kurds on a grander scale is also not a point which Trump will appreciate. Even from a political dimension, it would make him look isolated and petulant as sour grapes never won anyone any votes at the polls. But it s also the lack of confidence Erdogan and his people have in their own arguments. Senior advisors to Erdogan have told me that the Washington trip is so important that they don t want to risk anything ruining the event. Yet how much credibility in the first place can you give to Erdogan s visit when paranoia and a shocking lack of confidence in Erdogan s ploy are so patently evident?Recently, an Oped article I wrote for a newspaper I have since discovered is Erdogan s english language propaganda sheet, was rejected because its criticism of Trump might scupper the talks. Hilariously, it was explained to me by one of the  journalists  on The Daily Sabah that  the talks are so important that we can t publish anything which is critical of Trump    hardly a sterling mark of confidence from an Erdogan fake news journal whose entire role is to promote the Turkish leader. If an innocuous Oped from a British journalist in a propaganda sheet is all it takes to ruin the talks, one could only assume that even Erdogan s own people have no faith in their leader s arguments or charisma, let alone his geopolitical edge. Where will the deluded Erdogan go after this inevitable climb down? I m expecting a grand tantrum and an even closer relationship with Russia. I m expecting some bombing of Kurds. And I m also expecting Erdogan to play the Incirlik card. What I am not expecting is my Turkish editors to keep their word and pay me what I am due for work which was commissioned by them. Erdogan s people just can t be trusted.Journalist Martin Jay recently won the U.N. s prestigious Elizabeth Neuffer Memorial Prize (UNCA) in New York in 2016, for his journalism work in the Middle East. He is based in Beirut and can be followed on Twitter at @MartinRJay. READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22893,Boiler Room #108 – Who’d Win in a Fight? Boiler Room vs. Hitler vs. Dracula,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis, FunkSoul (21WIRE & ACR contributor), Randy J (ACR contributor) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and seventh episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club. This week on the show we re side stepping politics and talking about movies, Hollywood, Aliens, Elf-men and paradigm shifts brought on be technological innovation!Direct Download Episode #108Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22894,DISMISSED: Trump Fires Scandal Plagued FBI Director James Comey – What Does It Mean?,"21st Century WireUS President Donald Trump has accepted a recommendation to  dismiss  FBI director James Comey. Was this a reprisal for the suddenly widened Russia-gate probe into the White House or was there something else at play within the operations of the deep state?Comey was at the center of a political controversy over much of the last year during the US presidential election cycle in 2016, and well into 2017. Throughout 2016, the former FBI director opened, closed and reopened (only to close again) a probe into Hillary Clinton, her email server and looking into accusations leveled at the Clinton Foundation, while also entertaining a dubious Russian probe into the Trump administration alleged  connections to Russia  that helped mine various stories, including a so-called  dossier  regarding the newly elected president in early 2017.In recent years, there have been many highly questionable actions under Comey s leadership at the FBI, such as the Orlando nightclub shooting incident   who s main suspect was previously interviewed by the FBI, as well as a highly questionable  ISIS inspired  shooting event in Garland, Texas linked to an FBI informant case run out of Phoenix, Arizona, and the federal agency s dramatic encroachment on public privacy following a suspicious San Bernardino mass shooting.  These are only just a few examples Grabien News highlights a list of scandals that were either attached to Comey or perpetuated under his watch: Here are 10 of Comey s biggest embarrassments at the FBI:1. Before he bombed the Boston Marathon, the FBI interviewed Tamerlan Tsarnaev but let him go. Russia sent the Obama Administration a second warning, but the FBI opted against investigating him again.2. Shortly after the NSA scandal exploded in 2013, the FBI was exposed conducting its own data mining on innocent Americans; the agency, Bloomberg reported, retains that material for decades (even if no wrongdoing is found).3. The FBI had possession of emails sent by Nidal Hasan saying he wanted to kill his fellow soldiers to protect the Taliban   but didn t intervene, leading many critics to argue the tragedy that resulted in the death of 31 Americans at Fort Hood could have been prevented. 4. During the Obama Administration, the FBI claimed that two private jets were being used primarily for counterterrorism, when in fact they were mostly being used for Eric Holder and Robert Mueller s business and personal travel. 5. When the FBI demanded Apple create a  backdoor  that would allow law enforcement agencies to unlock the cell phones of various suspects, the company refused, sparking a battle between the feds and America s biggest tech company. What makes this incident indicative of Comey s questionable management of the agency is that a) The FBI jumped the gun, as they were indeed ultimately able to crack the San Bernardino terrorist s phone, and b) Almost every other major national security figure sided with Apple (from former CIA Director General Petraeus to former CIA Director James Woolsey to former director of the NSA, General Michael Hayden), warning that such a  crack  would inevitably wind up in the wrong hands.6. In 2015, the FBI conducted a controversial raid on a Texas political meeting, finger printing, photographing, and seizing phones from attendees (some in the group believe in restoring Texas as an independent constitutional republic).7. During its investigation into Hillary Clinton s mishandling of classified material, the FBI made an unusual deal in which Clinton aides were both given immunity and allowed to destroy their laptops. 8. The father of the radical Islamist who detonated a backpack bomb in New York City in 2016 alerted the FBI to his son s radicalization. The FBI, however, cleared Ahmad Khan Rahami after a brief interview. 9. The FBI also investigated the terrorist who killed 49 people and wounded 53 more at the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando, Fla. Despite a more than 10-month investigation of Omar Mateen   during which Mateen admitting lying to agents   the FBI opted against pressing further and closed its case. 10. CBS recently reported that when two terrorists sought to kill Americans attending the  Draw Muhammad  event in Garland, Texas, the FBI not only had an understanding an attack was coming, but actually had an undercover agent traveling with the Islamists, Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi. The FBI has refused to comment on why the agent on the scene did not intervene during the attack. It s important to remember that Comey is not the only FBI director who bears responsibility for the controversial aspects of 2013 s Boston Bombing. Under FBI director Robert Mueller  Tamerlan Tsarnaev came to the attention of the FBI on at least two occasions  prior to allegedly being involved in what many researchers have described as a false flag terror event in Boston. A questionable event that has arguably been used as a pretext to further clamp down on individual rights in the US.We should also be reminded that the FBI has been routinely caught foiling their very own terror plots  over the past several years.In recent years, the investigative tactics of various intelligence agencies have come into question, none perhaps more dubious then the Newburgh FBI sting that involved entrapping four men to participate in a fabricated event created by the bureau. Here s a 2011 passage from The Guardian describing how an FBI informant named Shahed Hussain coerced four others into a fake terror plot: The  Newburgh Four  now languish in jail. Hussain does not. For Hussain was a fake. In fact, Hussain worked for the FBI as an informant trawling mosques in hope of picking up radicals.Yet far from being active militants, the four men he attracted were impoverished individuals struggling with Newburgh s grim epidemic of crack, drug crime and poverty. One had mental issues so severe his apartment contained bottles of his own urine. He also believed Florida was a foreign country.Hussain offered the men huge financial inducements to carry out the plot   including $250,000 to one man   and free holidays and expensive cars.As defence lawyers poured through the evidence, the Newburgh Four came to represent the most extreme form of a controversial FBI policy to use invented terrorist plots to lure targets.  There has been no case as egregious as this. It is unique in the incentive the government provided. A quarter million dollars?  said Professor Karen Greenberg, a terrorism expert at Fordham University. The reputation of the FBI has suffered greatly in the recent past as well as over the past couple of decades. Incidentally, the FBI is on record as  handling Emad A. Salem, a former Egyptian army officer who was a prized undercover operative thrust into confidential informant status and person who played a key role in the 1993 WTC bombing.All of this has happened under the watchful eye of the FBI   SWORN-IN    FBI director James Comey sworn in by former DOJ head Eric Holder. (Image Source: thewhitehousespin)Over last summer, 21WIRE observed some curious connections between the Clinton Foundation and FBI director James Comey, as well as his questionable handling of other cases related to the Clinton family. Here s the following passage to consider in light of the new information related to the Clinton investigation: Many will also be unaware that before Comey was installed by the Obama Administration as FBI Director, he was on the board of Director at HSBC Bank   a bank implicated in international money laundering, including the laundering of billions on behalf of international drugs and narcotics trafficking cartels.Forbes also points out where Comey was also at the key choke-point during the case involving dodgy auditor KPMG which followed on by the HSBC criminal case: If Comey, and his boss Attorney General Alberto Gonzalez, had made a different decision about KPMG back in 2005, KPMG would not have been around to miss all the illegal acts HSBC and Standard Chartered SCBFF +% were committing on its watch. Bloomberg reported in 2007 that back in June of 2005, Comey was the man thrust into the position of deciding whether KPMG would live or die for its criminal tax shelter violations. Is this just a surface effort by the White House to clean the slate for an agency perpetually embroiled in controversy?More from RT below Trump fires FBI Director James ComeyRT The FBI is one of our Nation s most cherished and respected institutions and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel of law enforcement,  said President Trump. While I greatly appreciate you informing me, on three separate occasions, that I am not under investigation, I nevertheless concur with the judgment of the Department of Justice that you are not able to effectively lead the Bureau,  Trump told Comey in a letter.The letter announcing the termination was hand-delivered to FBI headquarters by Keith Schiller, a Trump security aide, according to several reports citing a White House official.A search for a new permanent FBI Director will begin immediately.The firing of Comey comes days after he testified to Congress on investigations into alleged Russian meddling in the 2016 US election.RT continues here READ MORE FBI NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire FBI Files",0
22895,James Comey’s Legacy: Blaming Russia Rather Than Saudi Arabia And Israel,"21st Century Wire says If it wasn t enough with James Comey doubling down on the Russia-gate narrative, the so called  liberal mainstream media  are continuing his work since he got fired by President Donald J. Trump by saying that what happened is a   gift to Russia .The United States of America, an atrophying empire, is a laughing stock with these kind of affairs rather than a power to be taken seriously alongside other nations.More on this report from The Duran  (Image   NBC)Adam Garrie The DuranThe last time Donald Trump fired an important official prior to an important foreign visit was when Steve Bannon was fired from his position on the  National Security Council the day before a Chinese delegation led by President Xi was to meet with Trump. It was also incidentally a day prior to Trump s infamous 6 April 2017 attack on Syria.Steve Bannon was known to favour Russian reconciliation, particularly over Syria cooperation. He was also a leader of the anti-Chinese camp, especially in the aftermath of Mike Flynn s resignation. The dots were not difficult to connect.READ MORE: Steve Bannon demoted Chinese President coming to Florida. Coincidence?Now, within hours of Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov holding talks with US Secretary of State Tillerson and apparently Donald Trump in Washington, FBI Director James Comey has been fired.Donald Trump is quoted in an official statement as saying, The FBI is one of our Nation s most cherished and respected institutions and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel of law enforcement .The liberal mainstream media are all ready saying that this is a  gift of Russia  as if Trump will hand over Comey s firing notice to Mr. Lavrov on a silver plate, not that Russia particularly cares. Russia does not.Theories about Trump firing Comey to placate Russia are not only literally stupid, but it makes a mockery of the United States. Then again, so too did the entire  Russiagate  investigation that Comey s FBI was leading.In a democracy, important checks and balances held keep each branch of government scrutinised when any powers are abused or laws are  broken. It is important to have an impartial FBI willing to investigate any branch of government when anything untoward is suspected. But it s a two way street.The un-elected FBI can go rogue as much as a President or Senator and that is what the FBI has done over investigating the non-issue of Donald Trump s non-existent connections with Russia.Any patriotic American should be ashamed of what Comey has done, continuing to investigate such a totally bogus set of entirely political/opportunistic accusations.Not only is there zero evidence of any Trump-Russia connnections but more importantly, America is too powerful to be influenced by ANY foreign power. So too are Russia and China.The fact that America still can be influenced by foreign powers is not due to capitulation, but instead due to greed which leads to a voluntary surrender of US interests whilst those of a foreign state are elevated.But is Russia one of those states? No it is not.There are no signs historically nor presently that Russia has ever had any positive influence on the United States Federal government at any level.The same cannot be said of Saudi Arabia and Israel,  states which are far weaker than Russia, but states which never the less have influenced US policy making for decades.America doesn t depend on Saudi or Israel for survival, but in a corrupt country, money talks and this is what America has become: a corrupt country that is so rich and so powerful it doesn t even need to be corrupt, but greed has got the better of integrity.For years America depended on cheap oil from Saudi Arabia and its other OPEC goons and likewise, many Americans liked to lavish themselves in the easy money which flowed from the repressive desert kingdom. Hillary Clinton was a prime example of a politician bought and sold in Saudi gold.Likewise, the US based Israel lobby is extraordinarily powerful in terms of monetary influence. Groups like the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) donate millions to political causes. By contrast, groups which oppose Israel s foreign and internal policies do not have that kind of money and therefore do not have that kind of influence.One can love or hate Saudi Arabia/love or hate Israel, but these are facts and they are as American as baseball and burgers. They have nothing to do with Wahhabism or Zionism per se.What a shameful state it is, that US politicians feel the need to rely on foreign money for personal enrichment. I can understand why leaders in the poor countries that America dominates feel the need to go along with American money and influence in order to enrich themselves or even keep their nation from total collapse or invasion, but what is America s excuse? America has the biggest military in the world and is the world s wealthiest nation   Continue this report at The DuranREAD MORE COMEY NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire COMEY FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22896,Washington’s Criminal Activities Are Only Getting Messier,"21st Century Wire says It was a major scandal that broke out in 2009. Academi, formerly known as Blackwater, was accused of murdering civilians and smuggling weapons in Middle East ops.Further to the prosecution of four Blackwater employees five years later, guilty of killing 17 Iraqi civilians in Baghdad during one spate of violence, there has been a historical boom of private contractors occurring since Iraq and Afghanistan incursions began.More on this report from New Eastern Outlook  Martin Berger New Eastern OutlookThe unpunished slaughter of thousands of civilians in Iraq, Syria, and Afghanistan carried out by the US over the course of the last decade is now being gradually replaced by new types of crimes committed by Washington s henchmen in the course of its ongoing instances of armed aggression against sovereign states.As it s been reported by Bloomberg with a special reference to AP, a well-known American contractor firm Sallyport Global has recently been engaged in a number of illegal operations in Baghdad s vicinity. According to the report, its employees would get engaged in alcohol smuggling and slave trade. It s curious that Sallyport Global s staff would overload cargo planes with illegal alcohol so hard that they could barely fly, while stealing generators and armored off-road vehicles from the Balad air base that they were dispatched to protect. Bloomberg would note that some of company s employees were also involved in selling local residents to sex slavery.Meanwhile, it is a well-known fact that Sallyport Global received 686 million dollars from the US government to fulfill a number of missions in the best interests of the American people. Or at least it was supposed to.One could also recall a major scandal that broke out back in 2009, when a military contractor firm Academi (that was called Blackwater back in the day) was accused of murdering civilians and smuggling weapons. Five years later the jury in the state of Washington found four employees of the Blackwater private company guilty of killing 17 Iraqi civilians in Baghdad in just one instance of violence. After this attack Iraqi authorities demanded that Blackwater paid 8 million dollars in compensation to each of the 17 families whose relatives were murdered in the raid that its employers conducted. Additionally, local authorities demanded that a total of 250 both former and acting employees of Blackwater would leave Iraq within a week after the tragic event.As soon as the US military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan began, along with an number of other military interventions across the globe, the number of private companies involved in providing so-called  security services  to the Pentagon started booming.In the absence of any independent audit, the actual number of military contractors deployed in Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria and other countries can only be guessed, since the official evaluation provided by the Pentagon is pretty misleading. The tangled web of contractors and subcontractors and the lack of any comprehensive control led to the situation when even the top US officials had no real information on the actual of number of US contractors deployed in a particular country. Thus, when the Congress demanded the Interim Coalition Administration (ICA) of Iraq to provide it with the exact number of military contractors deployed in the country back in 2004, it took the latter quite a lot of time to draft a list of 60 firms employing a total of 20,000 people. However, six year later the number of people employed by the Pentagon, the State Department and the United States Agency for International Development to carry out security related missions in Iraq and Afghanistan exceeded 260,000 people with only every fourth contractor being an American citizen. At times, the number of contractors deployed exceeded the total number of troops US Armed Forces had in these two countries.Private military firms carry out a wide range of missions in the areas controlled by the US military personnel, such as the participation in actual combat engagements, reconnaissance missions, special operations, carrying out security tasks and logistical support. They have also been training local army and police units that are loyal to the forces that Washington supports. Private contractor firms are playing an important role in ensuring that the situation in a certain country, occupied by the United States, remains under control. The best example of a wide range of activities that military contractors are engaged in is the fact that the people employed by the Anteon International have been maintaining communications systems that Pentagon is using for its operations.In Afghanistan, for example, such military contractor firms as MPRI, Sandline, Control Risk Group, Chilport, along with Israeli Golan Group and Beni Tal were deployed long before the actual invasion began. Back then the CIA was determined to send the maximum possible number of infiltration groups that were formed out of employees of private intelligence companies. Those groups were tasked with the mission of killing Osama bin Laden and other leaders of the Taliban movement. Additionally, they were demanded to get engaged in the bribing of local warlords, collecting operational data, conducting reconnaissance and carrying out acts of sabotage.To this date Washington relies heavily on the services that private intelligence companies would provide. This phenomenon can be explained by the fact that Middle Eastern warlords are getting extremely violent when they find a snitch in their ranks, which results in his death and, quite possible, the deaths of all of his relatives, regardless of the degree of kinship, age and sex. This is the main reason behind the reluctance that most locals towards cooperating with the occupying force. So in a situation when the CIA cannot establish a comprehensive intelligence network, contractors are the only people that lend it a helping hand.The large-scale involvement of private contractor firms led to the practice of bribing local commanders, when money are being paid for the relative security that the employees of such a firm can enjoy in a certain territory. Thus, an impressive margin of all the money that such firms are getting end up in the pockets of the Taliban movement leaders, who are acting in the capacity of some sort of subcontractors. According to official data, the Taliban movement has received over 360 million dollars from the US budget for the services it has been providing to private contractor firms. This number constitutes the second largest sources of income for the mujahideen movement, with the proceeds from drug trade still occupying the top of the list.When the number of US troops in certain conflict zones of abroad decreases, it is usually accompanied by an increase in the number of employees of private contractor firms willing to risk their heads for a paycheck...Continue this report at New Eastern OutlookREAD MORE WASHINGTON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire WASHINGTON FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22897,Will ‘Trumponomics’ Bankrupt America?,"21st Century Wire says F. William Engdahl is a strategic risk consultant and lecturer, he holds a degree in politics from Princeton University and is a best-selling author on oil and geopolitics. Engdahl was a guest alongside Adam Garrie of The Duran on a power packed edition of The Sunday Wire with Patrick Henningsen entitled  War And Peace . If you didn t get the chance to catch it, you can find that podcast here.More on this report from GlobalResearch  (Image   TIME)F. William Engdahl GlobalResearch The campaign promises were grandiose just like the candidate. Donald Trump wooed millions of American voters with his pledge to  make America great again.  He promised a $1 trillion infrastructure plan to revitalize the de facto depressed national economy. He promised to bring jobs back from China, Mexico and elsewhere by renegotiating major trade deals or scotching them entirely as with the Trans-Pacific Partnership of the Obama era, a scheme which Trump rightly said would take even more American jobs. After 100 days in office what are the prospects that his economic program will bring positive changes to Americans?Dismal to put it mildly. Of course that should come as no shock to anyone taking a closer look at who is Trump, or more correctly his transition team brought in to run White House economic policy.That Dubious Wall Street Economics TeamThe top economic and financial position in the Trump Cabinet is held by of Steve Mnuchin, Secretary of the Treasury, a veteran Wall Street banker for 17 years at Goldman Sachs. As an undergraduate at Yale University, for those interested in occult matters, Mnuchin was inducted into the bizarre Skull & Bones secret society in 1985, the same secret society where George H.W. Bush and George W. Bush were initiates.After leaving Goldman Sachs, Mnuchin was several times a business partner with notorious convicted hedge fund insider trader, George Soros, the putative  Daddy  Warbucks today of CIA and USAID regime change NGOs around the world. Both Mnuchin and Soros, with other investors, made a literal killing on the ravages of the US sub-prime real estate collapse. They bought bankrupt California mortgage lender IndyMac from the US Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation during the 2008 sub-prime mortgage crisis at a bargain price. Mnuchin was severely criticized as owner and CEO of IndyMac for making money by foreclosing aggressively on homes at a rate double the norms of the banking industry. He was sued over questionable foreclosures, and settled several cases for millions of dollars. He violated the Fair Housing Act by not lending money to African Americans, Hispanics, and Asians. If we are to believe him, he told the financial TV CNBC last November it would be the Trump administration s job to  make sure that the average American has wage increases and good jobs. A second key member of Donald Trump s economic team is Wilbur Ross, Secretary of Commerce. Ross, a billionaire, was for 24 years head of N.M. Rothschild & Sons New York office for bankruptcy-restructuring, a euphemism for what is called  asset-stripping,  where he earned the title,  King of Bankruptcy.  Ross  ties to Trump go back to the 1980 s when Ross helped Trump avoid foreclosure on The Donald s three Atlantic City gambling casinos. Ross  International Coal Group owned a West Virginia coal mine where an explosion in 2006 killed 12 miners. It was later revealed by his former associates that Ross knew well that the mine was sub-standard in safety but did nothing to correct it. In 2014 Ross was named head or  Grand Swipe  of a secret Wall Street fraternity, Kappa Beta Phi, founded in 1929 just before the stock market crash, whose stated purpose is to  keep alive the spirit of the  good old days of 1928 29.  Michael Bloomberg, former Goldman Sachs CEO Jon Corzine, Laurence Fink CEO of the $4.5 trillion financial firm BlackRock, are some of the very select members of Ross  Wall Street fraternity.The Trump Director of the White House Office of Management and Budget (OMB), responsible for drafting the President s annual Budget, is former US Congressman Mike Mulvaney. In his first Trump Budget proposal Mulvaney cut funds for a program  Meals on Wheels  which brings food to disabled, claiming the program showed no  results.  The program delivers meals to individual homes and senior citizen centers, feeding more than 2.4 million Americans 60 and older, more than half a million of them veterans according to their website. The government says that most recipients live alone, take more than six medications, and rely on these meals for at least half the food they consume.Gary Cohn is the White House Director of the National Economic Council. He came to the job directly from Goldman Sachs where he was President and Chief Operating Officer. Cohn led a Goldman Sachs delegation to Greece in 2009 to try to convince the Greek government to use derivatives to push debt due dates into the distant future. Goldman Sachs in fact, while Cohn held a top position in 2001, devised the exotic derivatives scheme to hide billions in state debt from Brussels that enabled Greece to illegally qualify to join the Eurozone.This is the gang that we are supposed to believe will  make America great again,  and to  make sure that the average American has wage increases and good jobs.  In fact, based on what they have released to date, they will destroy much of what little remains of a functioning national economy and a stable middle-class. Continue this article at GlobalResearchThe above article was originally posted at F. William Engdahl s New Eastern OutlookREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22898,The Existential Question Of Whom To Trust,"21st Century Wire says Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980 s and has been a featured guest on Patrick Henningsen LIVE at 1100KFNX.  In this report, Robert asks due to mainstream media experts who ve fallen to  careerism , whom can we trust to deliver us the information to describe the world and its conflicts. (Image   Former Secretary of State, Colin Powell addressing the United Nations on Feb. 5. 2003)Robert Parry Consortium NewsThe looming threat of World War III, a potential extermination event for the human species, is made more likely because the world s public can t count on supposedly objective experts to ascertain and evaluate facts. Instead, careerism is the order of the day among journalists, intelligence analysts and international monitors   meaning that almost no one who might normally be relied on to tell the truth can be trustedThe dangerous reality is that this careerism, which often is expressed by a smug certainty about whatever the prevailing groupthink is, pervades not just the political world, where lies seem to be the common currency, but also the worlds of journalism, intelligence and international oversight, including United Nations agencies that are often granted greater credibility because they are perceived as less beholden to specific governments but in reality have become deeply corrupted, too.In other words, many professionals who are counted on for digging out the facts and speaking truth to power have sold themselves to those same powerful interests in order to keep high-paying jobs and to not get tossed out onto the street. Many of these self-aggrandizing professionals   caught up in the many accouterments of success   don t even seem to recognize how far they ve drifted from principled professionalism.A good example was Saturday night s spectacle of national journalists preening in their tuxedos and gowns at the White House Correspondents Dinner, sporting First Amendment pins as if they were some brave victims of persecution. They seemed oblivious to how removed they are from Middle America and how unlikely any of them would risk their careers by challenging one of the Establishment s favored groupthinks. Instead, these national journalists take easy shots at President Trump s buffoonish behavior and his serial falsehoods   and count themselves as endangered heroes for the effort.FOILS FOR TRUMPIronically, though, these pompous journalists gave Trump what was arguably his best moment in his first 100 days by serving as foils for the President as he traveled to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, on Saturday and basked in the adulation of blue-collar Americans who view the mainstream media as just one more appendage of a corrupt ruling elite.Breaking with tradition by snubbing the annual press gala, Trump delighted the Harrisburg crowd by saying:  A large group of Hollywood celebrities and Washington media are consoling each other in a hotel ballroom  and adding:  I could not possibly be more thrilled than to be more than 100 miles away from [the] Washington swamp   with much, much better people.  The crowd booed references to the elites and cheered Trump s choice to be with the common folk.Trump s rejection of the dinner and his frequent criticism of the mainstream media brought a defensive response from Jeff Mason, president of the White House Correspondents  Association, who complained:  We are not fake news. We are not failing news organizations. And we are not the enemy of the American people.  That brought the black-tie-and-gown gathering to its feet in a standing ovation.Perhaps the assembled media elite had forgotten that it was the mainstream U.S. media   particularly The Washington Post and The New York Times   that popularized the phrase  fake news  and directed it blunderbuss-style not only at the few Web sites that intentionally invent stories to increase their clicks but at independent-minded journalism outlets that have dared question the elite s groupthinks on issues of war, peace and globalization.THE BLACK LISTProfessional journalistic skepticism toward official claims by the U.S. government   what you should expect from reporters   became conflated with  fake news.  The Post even gave front-page attention to an anonymous group called PropOrNot that published a black list of 200 Internet sites, including Consortiumnews.com and other independent-minded journalism sites, to be shunned.But the mainstream media stars didn t like it when Trump began throwing the  fake news  slur back at them. Thus, the First Amendment lapel pins and the standing ovation for Jeff Mason s repudiation of the  fake news  label.Yet, as the glitzy White House Correspondents Dinner demonstrated, mainstream journalists get the goodies of prestige and money while the real truth-tellers are almost always outspent, outgunned and cast out of the mainstream. Indeed, this dwindling band of honest people who are both knowledgeable and in position to expose unpleasant truths is often under mainstream attack, sometimes for unrelated personal failings and other times just for rubbing the powers-that-be the wrong way.Perhaps, the clearest case study of this up-is-down rewards-and-punishments reality was the Iraq War s WMD rationale. Nearly across the board, the American political/media system   from U.S. intelligence analysts to the deliberative body of the U.S. Senate to the major U.S. news organizations   failed to ascertain the truth and indeed actively helped disseminate the falsehoods about Iraq hiding WMDs and even suggested nuclear weapons development. (Arguably, the  most trusted  U.S. government official at the time, Secretary of State Colin Powell, played a key role in selling the false allegations as  truth. )Not only did the supposed American  gold standard  for assessing information   the U.S. political, media and intelligence structure   fail miserably in the face of fraudulent claims often from self-interested Iraqi opposition figures and their neoconservative American backers, but there was minimal accountability afterwards for the  professionals  who failed to protect the public from lies and deceptions.PROFITING FROM FAILUREIndeed, many of the main culprits remain  respected  members of the journalistic establishment. For instance, The New York Times  Pentagon correspondent Michael R. Gordon, who was the lead writer on the infamous  aluminum tubes for nuclear centrifuges  story which got the ball rolling for the Bush administration s rollout of its invade-Iraq advertising campaign in September 2002, still covers national security for the Times   and still serves as a conveyor belt for U.S. government propaganda.The Washington Post s editorial page editor Fred Hiatt, who repeatedly informed the Post s readers that Iraq s secret possession of WMD was a  flat-fact,  is still the Post s editorial page editor, one of the most influential positions in American journalism.Hiatt s editorial page led a years-long assault on the character of former U.S. Ambassador Joseph Wilson for the offense of debunking one of President George W. Bush s claims about Iraq seeking yellowcake uranium from Niger. Wilson had alerted the CIA to the bogus claim before the invasion of Iraq and went public with the news afterwards, but the Post treated Wilson as the real culprit, dismissing him as  a blowhard  and trivializing the Bush administration s destruction of his wife s CIA career by outing her (Valerie Plame) in order to discredit Wilson s Niger investigation.At the end of the Post s savaging of Wilson s reputation and in the wake of the newspaper s accessory role in destroying Plame s career, Wilson and Plame decamped from Washington to New Mexico. Meanwhile, Hiatt never suffered a whit   and remains a  respected  Washington media figure to this day.CAREERIST LESSONThe lesson that any careerist would draw from the Iraq case is that there is almost no downside risk in running with the pack on a national security issue. Even if you re horrifically wrong   even if you contribute to the deaths of some 4,500 U.S. soldiers and hundreds of thousands of Iraqis   your paycheck is almost surely safe.The same holds true if you work for an international agency that is responsible for monitoring issues like chemical weapons. Again, the Iraq example offers a good case study. In April 2002, as President Bush was clearing away the few obstacles to his Iraq invasion plans, Jose Mauricio Bustani, the head of the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons [OPCW], sought to persuade Iraq to join the Chemical Weapons Convention so inspectors could verify Iraq s claims that it had destroyed its stockpiles.The Bush administration called that idea an  ill-considered initiative    after all, it could have stripped away the preferred propaganda rationale for the invasion if the OPCW verified that Iraq had destroyed its chemical weapons. So, Bush s Undersecretary of State for Arms Control John Bolton, a neocon advocate for the invasion of Iraq, pushed to have Bustani deposed. The Bush administration threatened to withhold dues to the OPCW if Bustani, a Brazilian diplomat, remained.It now appears obvious that Bush and Bolton viewed Bustani s real offense as interfering with their invasion scheme, but Bustani was ultimately taken down over accusations of mismanagement, although he was only a year into a new five-year term after having been reelected unanimously. The OPCW member states chose to sacrifice Bustani to save the organization from the loss of U.S. funds, but   in so doing   they compromised its integrity, making it just another agency that would bend to big-power pressure. By dismissing me,  Bustani said,  an international precedent will have been established whereby any duly elected head of any international organization would at any point during his or her tenure remain vulnerable to the whims of one or a few major contributors.  He added that if the United States succeeded in removing him,  genuine multilateralism  would succumb to  unilateralism in a multilateral disguise Continue this report at Consortium News READ MORE US NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire US FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22899,Boiler Room #106 – Did Israel Attack Damascus? + Bill Nye The PsyOp Guy,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Patrick Henningsen of 21WIRE, Randy J (ACR contributor) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and sixth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club. We re breaking down the developments of a potential Israeli Missile attack in Syria, North Korea as a joke of a Nuclear threat and the utter failure of Netflix and the Bill Nye show to influence viewers to join his cult of lab coats and bow ties with the catch phrase being  I told you so  because IT IS SCIENCE!  Does Bill Nye promote eugenics and incarceration of anyone who doubts his version of science  You bet he does, just watch his new show if you have any doubt.Listen to  Boiler Room EP #106   Israel Attacks Damascus & Bill Nye The Psyop Guy  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #106Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22900,"The CIA Doesn’t Need To Spy On Free Thinkers, The Private Sector Does It For Free","21st Century Wire says Here s something quite  Pavlovian  to think about. What  if  it were a goal of government and their security services to ensure that we  feel  we re being watched at every turn, in every-way feasible;  but reality is not exact what we  think  it is and we re doing most of the censoring all by ourselves.Adam Garrie from The Duran takes us on an interesting journey in the below article. It also contains an important element of what we ve talked about on shows at 21st Century Wire and Alternate Current Radio s The Boiler Room regarding this  fourth wall  that people find it difficult to push through, which is  fear . The fear of losing their job, loved ones, social acceptability, and so forth.More on this article from The Duran  Adam Garrie The DuranEven prior to the release of Vault 7 from Wikileaks, people knew that so-called intelligence agencies in western states had the means to spy on their own citizens. Many also assumed that the typical illegality of such activities was of no consequence for agencies and individuals in those agencies who regard themselves as being above the law.Now that we know the CIA and other institutions have such abilities to digitally hack just about every household device from the smart phone and Smart-TV to the good old fashioned PC, the biggest question is, when do these deep state organisations implement these measures to spy on civilians and compromise their lives?The answer can be found without needing to resort to conspiracy theories nor even speculation. The answer lies in the private sector.Organisations like the CIA, MI5, FBI etc., need only do what the private sector isn t all ready doing for them and as it is, the private sector is doing a hell of a lot.If one wonders why major financial, academic, diplomatic, trading, banking, security and even artistic institutions in the West tend to have people on their payrolls who follow the  western ideological narrative , there are two reasons.The first is that people are attracted to like-minded people and by extrapolation like-minded professions.But there is a second more devious reason. Those who think outside the western box, those who  question more  simply cannot get a foot through the door. Technically, one needn t have any view on Vladimir Putin to be on the board of a major western construction company, law firm, private bank or hedge fund. These professions do not involve knowledge of Russian politics or society.  But those who have and even casually express a view of Putin or of the Arab world or of East Asia and Latin America that differs from the neo-lib/neo-con point of view, are blacklisted.Social media has made this blacklisting easier to do than ever. If two equally qualified candidates were applying for a high level position at a financial institution and one person had a picture of himself at a Hillary Clinton fundraiser on his Facebook and the other had a  Save Palestine  picture or a pro-Putin meme on his social media accounts, there would be no prizes for correctly guessing who would almost certainly get the job.In the words of George Carlin,  It s a big club and you ain t in it .The punitive blacklisting of those who don t follow the CNN/BBC/NYT script has a double effect.First of all, it keeps those who think outside the box away from positions of power in the private sector and in most western countries, without a prominent position in the business or mainstream entertainment community, achieving political office is next to impossible.Secondly, there is a powerful deterrent effect. Many people would like to post pro-Putin, pro-Donbass, pro-Syria or pro-Palestine items on social media, but they are afraid that it could cost them their job, their bonus or even their friends. In the west such things can break-up families. It happens every day. At this very movement, someone in a western country is contemplating suicide because of being on the losing end of a divorce settlement. Very sad, yet very true.This Kafkaesque reality is achieved without the CIA needing to hack people s phones or computers. The private sector does the job for them.For every tabloid story about a woman losing her job because she posted a photo of her genitals on-line, there are many more people who are professionally compromised for posting photos of patriotic Russian or Arab leaders.Throughout the 20th century, the private sector has always been happy to do the bidding of the deep state. Hollywood was largely compliant with the  red scare  tactics of the 1950s and frankly, Hollywood producers did more to censor free-speech than the drunk and soon discredited Joseph McCarthy ever could have done.Why should the CIA waste time and money to read people s emails, when their much more local boss, or chairman of  human relations  can take a quick look at Facebook and achieve the CIA s goal far more easily?The answer is that they don t. The beauty of a police state is that unquestioning citizens are deputies of the secret police and they work for free. Some do it willfully and others do it unconsciously, but they do it nevertheless Continue this article at The DuranREAD MORE WIKILEAKS NEWS AT:  21st Century Wire WIKILEAKS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22901,Why Not A Probe of ‘Israel-Gate’,"21st Century Wire says Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s.As the mainstream media in the United States continues to double down on  Russia-Gate , Parry begs the question, why not probe an Israel-Gate.Robert Parry is a past guest of Patrick Henningsen Live on 1100KFNX and Alternate Current Radio and his last interview can be found hereMore on this article from Consortium News  (Image by Brendan Smialowski   AFP)  Robert Parry Consortium NewsThe other day, I asked a longtime Democratic Party insider who is working on the Russia-gate investigation which country interfered more in U.S. politics, Russia or Israel. Without a moment s hesitation, he replied,  Israel, of course. Which underscores my concern about the hysteria raging across Official Washington about  Russian meddling  in the 2016 presidential campaign: There is no proportionality applied to the question of foreign interference in U.S. politics. If there were, we would have a far more substantive investigation of Israel-gate.The problem is that if anyone mentions the truth about Israel s clout, the person is immediately smeared as  anti-Semitic  and targeted by Israel s extraordinarily sophisticated lobby and its many media/political allies for vilification and marginalization.So, the open secret of Israeli influence is studiously ignored, even as presidential candidates prostrate themselves before the annual conference of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump both appeared before AIPAC in 2016, with Clinton promising to take the U.S.-Israeli relationship  to the next level    whatever that meant   and Trump vowing not to  pander  and then pandering like crazy.Congress is no different. It has given Israel s controversial Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu a record-tying three invitations to address joint sessions of Congress (matching the number of times British Prime Minister Winston Churchill appeared). We then witnessed the Republicans and Democrats competing to see how often their members could bounce up and down and who could cheer Netanyahu the loudest, even when the Israeli prime minister was instructing the Congress to follow his position on Iran rather than President Obama s.Israeli officials and AIPAC also coordinate their strategies to maximize political influence, which is derived in large part by who gets the lobby s largesse and who doesn t. On the rare occasion when members of Congress step out of line   and take a stand that offends Israeli leaders   they can expect a well-funded opponent in their next race, a tactic that dates back decades.Well-respected members, such as Rep. Paul Findley and Sen. Charles Percy (both Republicans from Illinois), were early victims of the Israeli lobby s wrath when they opened channels of communication with the Palestine Liberation Organization in the cause of seeking peace. Findley was targeted and defeated in 1982; Percy in 1984.Findley recounted his experience in a 1985 book, They Dare to Speak Out: People and Institutions Confront Israel s Lobby, in which Findley called the lobby  the 700-pound gorilla in Washington.  The book was harshly criticized in a New York Times review by Adam Clymer, who called it  an angry, one-sided book that seems often to be little more than a stringing together of stray incidents. Enforced SilenceSince then, there have been fewer and fewer members of Congress or other American politicians who have dared to speak out, judging that   when it comes to the Israeli lobby   discretion is the better part of valor. Today, many U.S. pols grovel before the Israeli government seeking a sign of favor from Prime Minister Netanyahu, almost like Medieval kings courting the blessings of the Pope at the Vatican.During the 2008 campaign, then-Sen. Barack Obama, whom Netanyahu viewed with suspicion, traveled to Israel to demonstrate sympathy for Israelis within rocket-range of Gaza while steering clear of showing much empathy for the Palestinians.In 2012, Republican nominee Mitt Romney tried to exploit the tense Obama-Netanyahu relationship by stopping in Israel to win a tacit endorsement from Netanyahu. The 2016 campaign was no exception with both Clinton and Trump stressing their love of Israel in their appearances before AIPAC.Money, of course, has become the lifeblood of American politics   and American supporters of Israel have been particularly strategic in how they have exploited that reality.One of Israel s most devoted advocates, casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, has poured millions of dollars in  dark money  into political candidates and groups that support Israel s interests. Adelson, who has advocated dropping a nuclear bomb inside Iran to coerce its government, is a Trump favorite having donated a record $5 million to Trump s inaugural celebration.Of course, many Israel-connected political donations are much smaller but no less influential. A quarter century ago, I was told how an aide to a Democratic foreign policy chairman, who faced a surprisingly tough race after redistricting, turned to the head of AIPAC for help and, almost overnight, donations were pouring in from all over the country. The chairman was most thankful.The October Surprise MysteryIsrael s involvement in U.S. politics also can be covert. For instance, the evidence is now overwhelming that the Israeli government of right-wing Prime Minister Menachem Begin played a key role in helping Ronald Reagan s campaign in 1980 strike a deal with Iran to frustrate President Jimmy Carter s efforts to free 52 American hostages before Election Day.Begin despised Carter for the Camp David Accords that forced Israel to give back the Sinai to Egypt. Begin also believed that Carter was too sympathetic to the Palestinians and   if he won a second term   would conspire with Egyptian President Anwar Sadat to impose a two-state solution on Israel.Begin s contempt for Carter was not even a secret. In a 1991 book, The Last Option, senior Israeli intelligence and foreign policy official David Kimche explained Begin s motive for dreading Carter s re-election. Kimche said Israeli officials had gotten wind of  collusion  between Carter and Sadat  to force Israel to abandon her refusal to withdraw from territories occupied in 1967, including Jerusalem, and to agree to the establishment of a Palestinian state. Kimche continued,  This plan prepared behind Israel s back and without her knowledge must rank as a unique attempt in United States s diplomatic history of short-changing a friend and ally by deceit and manipulation. But Begin recognized that the scheme required Carter winning a second term in 1980 when, Kimche wrote,  he would be free to compel Israel to accept a settlement of the Palestinian problem on his and Egyptian terms, without having to fear the backlash of the American Jewish lobby. In a 1992 memoir, Profits of War, former Israeli intelligence officer Ari Ben-Menashe also noted that Begin and other Likud leaders held Carter in contempt. Begin loathed Carter for the peace agreement forced upon him at Camp David,  Ben-Menashe wrote.  As Begin saw it, the agreement took away Sinai from Israel, did not create a comprehensive peace, and left the Palestinian issue hanging on Israel s back. So, in order to buy time for Israel to  change the facts on the ground  by moving Jewish settlers into the West Bank, Begin felt Carter s reelection had to be prevented. A different president also presumably would give Israel a freer hand to deal with problems on its northern border with Lebanon.Ben-Menashe was among a couple of dozen government officials and intelligence operatives who described how Reagan s campaign, mostly through future CIA Director William Casey and past CIA Director George H.W. Bush, struck a deal in 1980 with senior Iranians who got promises of arms via Israel in exchange for keeping the hostages through the election and thus humiliating Carter. (The hostages were finally released on Jan. 20, 1981, after Reagan was sworn in as President )Continue this article at Consortium NewsREAD MORE MIDDLE EAST NEWS AT:  21st Century Wire MIDDLE EAST FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22902,Tax March: Where Were You as Obama Wrecked Libya?,"21st Century Wire says The contrast in the numbers protesting is astounding.This past weekend, thousands of people in hundreds of cities across the US took to the streets to demand President Trump release his tax returns. This is in stark contrast to protests against Obama s war on Libya back in the Spring of 2011, where protests were not only few and far between but also struggled to get more than 50 people to attend.Stuart J. Hooper examines why this is, and also asks if the people at the Tax March have any principles or are just looking to be a part of what s  popular . READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22903,MASS INTEGRATION:  The Race to Capitalize on a Virtual Future,"Randy Johnson 21st Century WireDigital technology has increasingly and exponentially become a part of our lives. Virtual worlds and reality, as humanity has known it to be for millennia, appear to be on ever-converging paths.  Will humanity and digital reality be on a path of integration or a collision course?While the direct application of Virtual Reality was difficult to see in everyday life following the 1992 Hollywood film Lawnmower Man, the reality of such technology is now coming into focus.Augmented Reality and Virtual Reality technology (also interchangeably known as either AR/VR or VR/AR) are ideas that have been hammered out in the digital sphere with regards to concepts and applications of use. Along with the steady advancement of digital computing power, an AR/VR future might better be portrayed in certain episodes of Black Mirror, such as Fifteen Million Merits or Playtest. Black Mirror s, Playtest: Season 4, Episode 2. A stare-down between perception and reality (Image Source: Polygon)The possibility and potential of the technology has made it a magnet for investment. There are profits to be made in this growing realm, and the implications of what these emerging technologies could do for (and to) humanity is staggering.So before delving into some current developments in AR/VR technology, let s take a quick look at historically new technologies which are now a part of our real world, everyday, lives: the smartphone and the motor vehicle.The Smartphone StratosphereOn one hand, the smart phone is merely synthetic material with  touch  screens and circuitry. Now in less than two decades, there are those whose daily lives are hindered without one. The attachment is almost as emotional as it is literal in some instances. Many need them to communicate, be entertained, figure out where they are, purchase products, or even socially interact with others or the avatars of others. To many teenagers across the world and Generation Y Millennials, the smartphone has always been there.It can be argued that society as a whole is becoming dependent and addicted to smartphones and other  smart  devices. In fact, with over 2.5 billion smartphone subscriptions world wide in 2016, corporations and marketers are counting on it.Seeing a person interacting with any number of touch-screen devices does not garner much of a second look. Oftentimes, the person without the smart phone is the person who stands out in a crowd, as they are sometimes seen reading one of those archaic things we call a  book.  It is now commonplace that people can interact with thousands of different applications on countless versions of technological devices.Hooked: Not only can we take the physical work out of travel on mass-transit, we can also be oblivious to the journey along the way, as well as the work involved to make it all happen.  (Image Source: ne-asia.com)After a few generations, many technologies simply become integrated  as it were. They become a part of us and our day-to-day lives, and are a part of the real world.For comparative analysis, let s take a look at the evolution of another well-known technology, the motor vehicle From Engines to ElectricIn roughly 100 years, humanity has essentially integrated itself with motorized vehicle technology. The motor vehicle and all the industries that come with it, has shaped the world as we know it.Driving a vehicle, and everything that comes with it such as such as its design, manufacture, delivery, sale, gas and oil production, road ways, traffic laws, law enforcement, theft, accidents, smog, fighting over oil resources, etc., has effected nearly everyone.The sales pitch and appeal of the motor vehicle have always gone together. From its early days, to current-day advertisements, automobiles have been marketed with the promise of freedom on the open road. In fact, the evolution of vehicular technology is a good indicator of how a specific type of technology can transform humanity in a very short amount of time. Technological Bliss: A promise of open roads and freedom (Image Source: NBC.com)The promise of anything good always seems to have a catch. Ease of movement with the automobile is not without its environmental impact. Without the automobile in particular, we would not have terms such as gridlock, traffic jam, or road rage for instance.Progress is not without its side effects.  (Image Source: kerma.wordpress.com)The motor vehicle is a technology and a part of our world to such an extent that where we are dependent on it.The environmental and health concerns of gas and oil extraction and production, as well as geopolitical maneuvering and even warfare based on assumed resource scarcity, the deep infrastructure roots and dependence of commerce is in place. To stop the flow of motor vehicles, would inhibit the freedom of people to travel, commute to work, and utterly stop industry and commerce in its place.Electrically Re-energizing the AutomobileThe current slow-but-eventual transition from gasoline engines to hybrid or fully electric ones is just an evolution of the technology. While electric car technology is believed to have been discovered in the mid-1800 s, it has only recently made inroads to the industry on a potentially large scale with the Roadster by Tesla Motors.The Tesla Model S, has a 2017 manufacturer s suggested retail price (MSRP) of $69,200 dollars, while the most recent (2015)  US Real Median Family Income  was listed as $69,929.With the success of Tesla, the amount of established gas and oil engine automakers is lining up to diversify their portfolio for their consumers, is  who s who  list of the auto-industry. BMW, Chrysler-Fiat, Daimler (Mercedes),  Ford, General Motors, Honda, KIA, Mitsubishi, Nissan, Volkswagen, and Volvo, all have their own hybrid or electric car lines. After decades of profit, these industry giants can t wait to show the consumer that they too are environmentally conscious. Likewise, the consumer appears ready to accept  guilt free  and environmentally responsible driving as the electric car continues to improve, lowers in price, and becomes more widely available.Emerging Patterns: AR/VR technologyWith many integrated technologies in our lives such as smart devices or motor vehicles, if it feels like  we ve seen this pattern before,  it is because we have.First the technology is new. Next commercialism, industry, education systems, entertainment, pop culture, and the government, all conspire to get in on the action; during this time, the race to integrate and capitalize on a technology in the name progress can induce a Gold Rush type of feeding frenzy. Then pre-established corporations are already pre-positioned, with the ready capital, assets, and resources to pounce on  the next big thing.  And finally, over a generation or so of different improvements and variations, it is hard to remember a world without said technology for those who inherit a world with it. Whether real or imagined   it becomes a necessity.The likely integration of Virtual Reality and Augmented Reality (AR/VR) into our daily lives will likely follow the same pattern as other technological advances. Similarly, with regards to forecasting its future integration in our lives, the saying  follow the money  applies.First though, what exactly is AR/VR as it is currently understood to be?Augmented Reality (AR) uses the world around you, but a device introduces virtual items, characters, etc., into the real world that a person interacts with. This is popularly seen with the downloadable application for smart phones, with the game Pok mon GO.Virtual Reality (VR) is the glasses/headset set-up where you are visually, and often audibly, immersed. Put on the glasses/headset, or similar gear such as Oculus Rift, or VIVE and you are in a whole virtual world.Both technologies are primed for upward momentum.Although economic forecasting has not always been an exact science, the monetary forecast for AR/VR technology seems to point upward.Business Wire notes: worldwide revenues for the augmented reality and virtual reality (AR/VR) market to reach $13.9 billion in 2017, an increase of 130.5% over the $6.1 billion spent in 2016.  AR/VR spending is expected to accelerate over the next several years, achieving a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 198.0% over the 2015-2020 forecast period and totaling $143.3 billion in 2020. It is important to note that the above figures are amounts projected to be spent by companies to further advance AR/VR technology. So the expectation for profit is most likely in the trillions.Does this sound far-fetched? For a  real world success story with regards to these emerging technologies in terms of profit, then Pok mon GO has been there, done that, and cashed the checks.By some estimates, Pok mon GO has made Niantic over 900 million dollars in 2016.Using Pok mon GO as a barometer of future profits, the potential is huge. Especially when you consider that in the ever-changing gaming world, many already considered outdated, requiring updates, fixes, and new features by many of it s users.  If Pok mon GO calls it a career or not, the fortune has already been made.Virtual scavenger hunts are fun!That kind of money has already inspired a similar styled  brand-supported  game in its early stages, called Snatch. Besides the puzzle and scavenger hunt aspects of Snatch, players will be immersed into an augmented reality with a commercialized, brand name, token-based, application where you can  snatch  items from other players to win prizes.If you do not fully  get it  perhaps the below video can help explain what it s all about.You heard it hear first; if it hasn t happened already, playing Snatch is likely to start at least one physical, real world, fight over the potential of having a prize  snatched  by a player nearby.Immersion, Entertainment & InvestmentAll of the AR/VR technology is still  finding its sea-legs so to speak and is still in transition with more  immersive  worlds. Along the way, AR/VR has been undergoing a natural progression and fusion with the gaming world. Gaming, and entertainment, appears to be the seductive gateway application for AR/VR technology development and profit potential.As games and game consoles have become more immersive over the years, it appears that AR/VR is expected to advance with it.The addictive element to immersive games is often literal in some cases as seen in the WebMD.com article Video Game Addiction No Fun:  The lure of a fantasy world is especially pertinent to online role-playing games. These are games in which a player assumes the role of a fictional character and interacts with other players in a virtual world   [according to Kimberly Young, PsyD] an intelligent child who is unpopular at school can  become dominant in the game.  The virtual life becomes more appealing than real life. Also, let there be little doubt that any psychological aspect of marketing to churn out profit will be used, as the video-gaming world is a 100 billion dollar industry globally. That s hardly child s play.The greater the entertainment immersion and the technological bliss, the bigger  the hook  to the consuming public will become. So despite a slow-yet-increasing public acclimatization with regards to AR/VR, investments keep pouring in.According to Digi-Capital, the investments for AR/VR start-ups in 2016 came in at a cool $2.3 billion dollars.These numbers for start-ups are in addition to previous acquisitions such as Facebooks  Mark Zuckerberg s now famous $2 billion dollar purchase of Oculus Rift.Investments also include such companies as NextVR that can deliver live events in a VR format.  The investors are a  who s who  of present day media empires in the United States.We see the following from nanalyze.com: Laguna Beach California startup NextVR has taken in $115 million in funding so far from investors that include Time Warner, Comcast, and The Madison Square Garden Company. In addition to these strategic investors, FOX Sports, Live Nation, NBC Sports, HBO/Golden Boy, Turner Sports, and CNN have all partnered with NextVR .The object for up-and-running companies like Next VR, or their investor Live Nation, is to bring entertainment events such as concerts or sporting events to the masses.In addition to the actual gate at a sporting event or concert of say, 50,000 people, you could also charge a virtual gate, if you will, for another million people who were never even there.Another company starting to make some real world profits is Utah s THE VOID.  The company is in continually advancing their Dream Park in Utah.  They have themed virtual reality (or hyper reality as they refer to it) type of  experiences  in New York and Dubai.Below is a trailer for their Ghostbusters hyper-reality experience in New York City.That s right   you too can don a nuclear power pack and save New York from the giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man.To be fair, besides entertainment purposes, there will be benefits of AR/VR technology. Uses for design, training, and experimentation within a multitude of industries, science, and research and development, can all be enabled by VR. Medical students can practice on  fake  patients, soldiers can train in virtual combat with no casualties, researchers can get inside of a molecule, designers or architects can better visualize or display their concepts, and so on.For example, in April 2016, the United Kingdom s Medical Realities used its product The Virtual Surgeon, which is a  learning program   developed for head mounted displays such as the Oculus Rift and Samsung Gear VR . The live-stream was a first of its kind showing a live surgery allowing for a 360 degree view, and was witnessed live in places as far as China and Tunisia according to their site.Virtual Medicine (Image Source: Medical Realities)The other side of the AR/VR coinKeep in mind, however, that there this is likely a trade off for well-intentioned purposes realized by the implementation and advancement of AR/VR. These same advancements in AR/VR will also almost undoubtedly have profit, control, surveillance, and culture-shaping, as drivers for its very implementation and integration to our lives.AR/VR, like art, books, pamphlets, magazines, newspapers, graffiti, radio, television, and the internet, is a medium which can be utilized. With social norms, economies, and forms of government to influence the masses thrown into as variables, the acclimatization to AR/VR by society is likely to be many things to many people.  Even today, we have News and Fake News. President; not my President. Facts and Alternate Facts.  All of these types of psychological shaping of reality could be further jammed into Virtual Reality.Even within education. Subjective topics, or viewpoints on historical events made to be realistic for experiential learning purposes could be abused. No different then a book or website, a VR lesson will have an author, a bias, and will be an area rife with the potential for politicization or propaganda infusion.Like motor vehicles or smart devices above, AR/VR also has society-changing potential. The possibilities for mass-level use, consumption, and integration of virtual technology could very well change our reality; literally and figuratively; shared and personal. The implications go beyond the industry and commercial implications of its use and delve into what makes us human and into what is real.We hear it all the time, but social engineering is what it sounds like.  The direct implication of the phrase is that aspects of society can be engineered and designed towards a desired effect or result.The outcome desired for those at the top of our current power structures and institutions might entail use of technology to socially engineer with a nefarious slant: to conform the masses, infuse propaganda, create thoughtless compliance, and degrade critical thinking in favor of living a blissful other life, elsewhere in another digital reality.As the great celluloid philosopher, Morpheus, from the Hollywood blockbuster The Matrix, once pondered,  What is real?  How do you define  real ?  If you re talking about what you can feel, what you can smell, what you can taste and see  then  real  is simply electrical signals interpreted by your brain. Might the world literally become whatever anyone wants to make of it?Are we choosing for ourselves, or are we all merely like  fish in the ocean  being swept up unawares in a tide of social engineering?A technologically controlled, artificial, designed, and immersive environment could possibly redefine reality, and what it means to be human along with it.READ MORE ABOUT TECHNOLOGY: 21st Century Wire Technology Files ",0
22904,Russia-Gate Was All the Rage Across US Media – Where Did it Go and Why?,"21st Century Wire says Russia-gate was pushed by US media outlets everywhere   only to disappear after the highly questionable chemical attack in the Idlib province of Syria. The fact is, the media drums over the Trump-Russia story soon fell silent after a US military strike was ordered on the Syrian government s Shayrat Air Base and a Massive Ordnance Air Blast Bomb (MOAB) was dropped on Afghanistan.The US media had been floating the  blame Russia  meme for months, and even more conveniently during this past 2016 US presidential election cycle, before morphing into the dodgy dossier that included unverified Trump-Russia claims. Now after two neocon approved US military missile strikes in Syria and Afghanistan, the heavily propagandized and unproven Trump-Russian narrative vanished from headline news as soon as war theater increased in the Middle East.More on the story from Consortium News below Consortium News Exclusive: For five months, there was a daily drumbeat on Russia-gate, the sprawling conspiracy theory that Russia had somehow put Donald Trump in the White House, but suddenly the  scandal  disappeared, notes Robert Parry.By Robert ParryDemocrats, liberals and some progressives might be feeling a little perplexed over what has happened to Russia-gate, the story that pounded Donald Trump every day since his election last November   until April 4, that is.On April 4, Trump fully capitulated to the neoconservative bash-Russia narrative amid dubious claims about a chemical attack in Syria. On April 6, Trump fired off 59 Tomahawk missiles at a Syrian airbase; he also restored the neocon demand for  regime change  in Syria; and he alleged that Russia was possibly complicit in the supposed chemical attack.Since Trump took those actions   in accordance with the neocon desires for more  regime change  in the Middle East and a costly New Cold War with Russia   Russia-gate has almost vanished from the news.I did find a little story in the lower right-hand corner of page A12 of Saturday s New York Times about a still-eager Democratic congressman, Mike Quigley of Illinois, who spent a couple of days in Cyprus which attracted his interest because it is a known site for Russian money-laundering, but he seemed to leave more baffled than when he arrived. The more I learn, the more complex, layered and textured I see the Russia issue is   and that reinforces the need for professional full-time investigators,  Quigley said, suggesting that the investigation s failure to strike oil is not that the holes are dry but that he needs better drill bits.Yet, given all the hype and hullabaloo over Russia-gate, the folks who were led to believe that the vague and amorphous allegations were  bigger than Watergate  might now be feeling a little used. It appears they may have been sucked into a conspiracy frenzy in which the Establishment exploited their enthusiasm over the  scandal  in a clever maneuver to bludgeon an out-of-step new President back into line.If that s indeed the case, perhaps the most significant success of the Russia-gate ploy was the ouster of Trump s original National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, who was seen as a key proponent of a New D tente with Russia, and his replacement by General H.R. McMaster, a prot g  of neocon favorite, retired Gen. David Petraeus.Consortium News continues here READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22905,Boiler Room #105 – Quantum Swamp Chess,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with guests for the hundred and fifth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club. Listen to  Boiler Room EP #105   Quantum Swamp Chess  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #105Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22906,"Easily Duped: Trump Surpasses Bush, Falling for ‘Chemical Weapons’ Theatrics","The following segment was recorded on live TV the day before the US launched its Tomahawk missile strike on Shayrat Air Base in Syria. 21st Century Wire Editor Patrick Henningsen explains how Donald Trump, Nikki Haley and Rex Tillerson have just surpassed the Bush administration in their WMD ignorance. Watch:  READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22907,Professor: Political Ignorance is “Going To Have Consequences”,"21st Century Wire says Are we already seeing the results of political ignorance?In the first episode of a new video interview series, Stuart J. Hooper speaks with the University of New Mexico s Professor Mike Rocca.Rocca explains how civic ignorance has become an issue in society, and is asked what it means to have politically ignorant leaders holding seats with political power: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22908,Is Spicer Flap a Cover for Media to Tie Up White House in Global Affairs and Scuttle Trump’s Domestic Agenda?,"By The TRUTH HOUNDIn the words of ABC News  anchor David Muir, President Trump s press secretary, Sean Spicer, set off a searing firestorm  with rather awkward comments during a press conference comparing Syria s leader Bashar al Assad to Adolph Hitler.On Tuesday, April 11, Spicer said that even Hitler didn t stoop to using chemical weapons like Assad allegedly did on April 4. Only two days later, with the facts on the ground still not clear, the U.S. launched a reported 59 cruise missiles at Syria to  punish  Assad s alleged chemical attack. Spicer clarified, however, that he meant that the sarin gas attributed to Assad didn t exist in Hitler s day, and that Assad used sarin gas in a weaponized-projectile form against his own people, or so it seems.Spicer then apologized, admitting that his Assad-Hitler comparison was an awkward mistake. Yet ABC News wouldn t let it go, saying over and over again that Spicer s  highly insensitive  comments on Syria trivialized Nazi Germany s gas chambers in WWII. So, the  firestorm  of controversy, while some Jewish figures complained about Spicer s remarks, came from ABC s own hype, blowing Spicer s brief comment totally out of proportion. Complaints are not necessarily a  firestorm,  which is a very loaded word.And like usual, big media like ABC, which heatedly equated Spicer s clunky comments with an alleged outright  denial  of the Jewish Holocaust in the second World War, can t seem to find the real story.THE REAL ISSUES AT HANDMainly, there s still no solid proof that Syria s leader used chemical weapons against his own people. Therefore, it was completely unnecessary for Spicer to compare Assad with Hitler in the first place, because the jury is still out on Assad.When Congressman Thomas Massie of Kentucky (R) tried to explain to CNN that Syrian forces may have mistakenly hit a terrorist-controlled ammo dump that could have contained some kind of gas shells, CNN acted like Massie was a loon . . .Continue this article at The Truth HoundREAD MORE NWO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NWO FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22909,Trump’s ‘Wag the Dog’ Moment,"21st Century Wire says Robert Parry, best known for breaking the Iran-Contra affair, takes us through what we know so far surrounding Donald Trump s recent decision to send Tomahawk missiles into Syria and also explores what lies behind the  plans within plans  of the White House and those who now celebrate yet seemingly manipulate Trump behind the curtain.Patrick Henningsen of 21st Century Wire was joined by Robert on 1100KFNX  Patrick Henningsen LIVE  and is an interview you don t want to miss.More on this report from Consortium News  Robert Parry Consortium NewsJust two days after news broke of an alleged poison-gas attack in northern Syria, President Trump brushed aside advice from some U.S. intelligence analysts doubting the Syrian regime s guilt and launched a lethal retaliatory missile strike against a Syrian airfield.Trump immediately won plaudits from Official Washington, especially from neoconservatives who have been trying to wrestle control of his foreign policy away from his nationalist and personal advisers since the days after his surprise victory on Nov. 8.There is also an internal dispute over the intelligence. On Thursday night, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the U.S. intelligence community assessed with a  high degree of confidence  that the Syrian government had dropped a poison gas bomb on civilians in Idlib provinceBut a number of intelligence sources have made contradictory assessments, saying the preponderance of evidence suggests that Al Qaeda-affiliated rebels were at fault, either by orchestrating an intentional release of a chemical agent as a provocation or by possessing containers of poison gas that ruptured during a conventional bombing raid.One intelligence source told me that the most likely scenario was a staged event by the rebels intended to force Trump to reverse a policy, announced only days earlier, that the U.S. government would no longer seek  regime change  in Syria and would focus on attacking the common enemy, Islamic terror groups that represent the core of the rebel forces.The source said the Trump national security team split between the President s close personal advisers, such as nationalist firebrand Steve Bannon and son-in-law Jared Kushner, on one side and old-line neocons who have regrouped under National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster, an Army general who was a prot g  of neocon favorite Gen. David Petraeus.White House InfightingIn this telling, the earlier ouster of retired Gen. Michael Flynn as national security adviser and this week s removal of Bannon from the National Security Council were key steps in the reassertion of neocon influence inside the Trump presidency. The strange personalities and ideological extremism of Flynn and Bannon made their ousters easier, but they were obstacles that the neocons wanted removed.Though Bannon and Kushner are often presented as rivals, the source said, they shared the belief that Trump should tell the truth about Syria, revealing the Obama administration s CIA analysis that a fatal sarin gas attack in 2013 was a  false-flag  operation intended to sucker President Obama into fully joining the Syrian war on the side of the rebels   and the intelligence analysts  similar beliefs about Tuesday s incident.Instead, Trump went along with the idea of embracing the initial rush to judgment blaming Assad for the Idlib poison-gas event. The source added that Trump saw Thursday night s missile assault as a way to change the conversation in Washington, where his administration has been under fierce attack from Democrats claiming that his election resulted from a Russian covert operation.If changing the narrative was Trump s goal, it achieved some initial success with several of Trump s fiercest neocon critics, such as neocon Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham, praising the missile strike, as did Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. The neocons and Israel have long sought  regime change  in Damascus even if the ouster of Assad might lead to a victory by Islamic extremists associated with Al Qaeda and/or the Islamic State.Wagging the DogTrump employing a  wag the dog  strategy, in which he highlights his leadership on an international crisis to divert attention from domestic political problems, is reminiscent of President Bill Clinton s threats to attack Serbia in early 1999 as his impeachment trial was underway over his sexual relationship with intern Monica Lewinsky. (Clinton also was accused of a  wag-the-dog  strategy when he fired missiles at supposed Al Qaeda bases in Afghanistan and Sudan in 1998 in retaliation for the bombing of U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania.)Trump s advisers, in briefing the press on Thursday night, went to great lengths to highlight Trump s compassion toward the victims of the poison gas and his decisiveness in bombing Assad s military in contrast to Obama s willingness to allow the intelligence community to conduct a serious review of the evidence surrounding the 2013 sarin-gas caseUltimately, Obama listened to his intelligence advisers who told him there was no  slam-dunk  evidence implicating Assad s regime and he pulled back from a military strike at the last minute   while publicly maintaining the fiction that the U.S. government was certain of Assad s guilt.In both cases   2013 and 2017   there were strong reasons to doubt Assad s responsibility. In 2013, he had just invited United Nations inspectors into Syria to investigate cases of alleged rebel use of chemical weapons and thus it made no sense that he would launch a sarin attack in the Damascus suburbs, guaranteeing that the U.N. inspectors would be diverted to that case.Similarly, now, Assad s military has gained a decisive advantage over the rebels and he had just scored a major diplomatic victory with the Trump administration s announcement that the U.S. was no longer seeking  regime change  in Syria. The savvy Assad would know that a chemical weapon attack now would likely result in U.S. retaliation and jeopardize the gains that his military has achieved with Russian and Iranian help.The counter-argument to this logic   made by The New York Times and other neocon-oriented news outlets   essentially maintains that Assad is a crazed barbarian who was testing out his newfound position of strength by baiting President Trump. Of course, if that were the case, it would have made sense that Assad would have boasted of his act, rather than deny it.But logic and respect for facts no longer prevail inside Official Washington, nor inside the mainstream U.S. news media Continue this report at Consortium News READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT:  21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22910,Tulsi Gabbard Triggers The War Hawks With Her Based Skepticism,"21st Century Wire says Congresswoman and Iraq War veteran Tulsi Gabbard continues to face down the mainstream propaganda machine with her based and skeptical opinion surrounding the war on Syria, including the recent attacks on Shayrat air base by the United States as a reprisal for the alleged  chemical attack  on Idlib by Damascus.It s not surprising within the American political party system that if you don t agree with  the gang , they come for your blood, and this is exactly what s happening to Gabbard. Her previous fact finding visit to Syria in 2016 had already began to turn heads, but now after the CNN interview with Wolf Blitzer, who happens to all of a sudden  like  Donald Trump, the Democrats are circling Tulsi Gabbard in increasing droves.More on this report from The Duran  Alex Christoforou The DuranNo room for free speech. No dissent. No skepticism. Neocons, Democrats, liberal leftists all united to remove Assad, prop up ISIS and begin WW3.The warmonger knives are coming out for Gabbard in what is looking like Iraq WMDs all over again.Gabbard spoke with CNN s Wolf Blitzer who all of a sudden finds Trump very presidential and capable.Rep. Gabbard:  Yes, I m skeptical  of claim Assad regime is behind chemical weapons attack https://t.co/fETssThsLF https://t.co/fpYdUNR2t4  CNN (@CNN) April 7, 2017Rep. Gabbard:  Yes, I m skeptical  of claim Assad regime is behind chemical weapons attack https://t.co/fETssThsLF https://t.co/fpYdUNR2t4  CNN (@CNN) April 7, 2017Zerohedge reports Gabbard, who sits on the Armed Services and Foreign Affairs committees, drew criticism earlier this year when she took a somewhat mysterious trip alone to meet with Assad in Syria without alerting House Speaker Paul Ryan. The liberal Democrat subsequently explained she simply wanted to engage in dialogue with Assad though it clearly burned some bridges within her own party. Per CNN:Gabbard told CNN on Friday that she wants to achieve peace in Syria,  Why should we just blindly follow this escalation of a counterproductive regime-change war? There s responsibility that goes around,  Gabbard said. Standing here pointing fingers does not accomplish peace for the Syrian people. It will not bring about an end to this war. People of Hawaii's 2nd district   was it not enough for you that your rep met with a murderous dictator? Will this move you?1 https://t.co/jbwGuZIJ6R  Neera Tanden (@neeratanden) April 7, 2017Zerohedge further adds that  former DNC chair Howard Dean also decided to join in on ganging up on Gabbard, but he immediately got shut down by a follower who asked the obvious question of why engaging in dialogue was disqualifying for Gabbard but violating federal record retention laws and a Congressional subpoena was perfectly fine for Hillary.It s becoming increasingly clear that Gabbard is just another Putin puppet who likely assisted Russian hackers in their efforts to take down Hillary we sincerely hope the Congress launches an immediate investigation  Continue this report at The DuranREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT:  21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22911,"SAN BERNARDINO: Two Adults Dead, Two Injured In School Murder-Suicide","21st Century Wire says Four people, including a teacher and two students, have been shot at an elementary school in San Bernardino, California. The incident is believed to have been a murder-suicide, according to police. The shooting stemmed from a domestic violence situation.The shooting occurred in a classroom at North Park School. Along with the three victims, the suspect is believed to be down as well, according to San Bernardino Police Chief Jarrod Burguan.We believe this to be a murder suicide. Happened in a class room. Two students have been transported to the hospital.  Chief Jarrod Burguan (@SBPDChief) April 10, 2017Two adults are deceased in a classroom, believed to be a murder suicide. We believe the suspect is down and there's no further threat.  Chief Jarrod Burguan (@SBPDChief) April 10, 2017Two adults  a man and a woman   are dead in the classroom, and police  believe the suspect is down and there s no further threat,  Burguan said.The gunman checked in with the front office, where he was known to school staff, San Bernardino Police Captain Ron Maass said.The two students were transported to the hospital, one via helicopter and the other in an ambulance, a police spokesman told reporters. They are in critical condition. The children we do not believe were targeted,  the spokesman said.The fire department has set up a triage to assess and treat victims at the scene. Law enforcement was on the scene within seven minutes of the shooting.The San Bernardino County Sheriff s Department is assisting in the investigation. The school will be closed for  at least  the next two days, police said.North Park, Cajon and Hillside Elementary Schools are on lockdown, while the San Bernardino campus of California State University is under a shelter-in-place order.Students were evacuated to Cal State San Bernardino, while parents were told to pick them up at Cajon High School. They must be listed on the students  emergency contact forms and show photo ID.This is the second mass shooting in the southern California city in since December 2015. In that incident, which was later categorized as an act of terrorism, a married couple opened fire on a holiday party for the husband s work, killing 14 and injuring 21.Initially had a replay of the deeply disturbing feeling of terror and dread felt on Dec2nd 15 when I turned scanner on today. #PTSDAwareness https://t.co/ee0XzukcXb  Darren Espiritu (@SBDarren) April 10, 2017 Tragedy has struck us again, and we need to now work through that and be there for all of the involved parties,  the San Bernardino PD said.San Bernardino experienced a surge in violence in 2016, including a 41 percent increase in homicides over the previous year. The 62 slayings made 2016 the city s deadliest year since 1995, the Los Angeles Times reported Continue this report at RT READ MORE US NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire US FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22912,Rex Tillerson and Nikki Haley – Who Can ‘Flip Flop’ The Most,"21st Century Wire says US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson tells us that the war on Syria can only be solved through a  political process . Wait, didn t Nikki Haley just say  getting Assad out is not the only priority, we don t see a peaceful Syria with Assad in there .  Our strategy in Syria, our priority is first to defeat ISIS , says Tillerson. Again Haley outlines  multiple priorities  and  there s not any sort of option where a political solution is going to happen with Assad at the head of the regime . Deliberate  flip flopping  on policy or problematic internal communication at the White House, which in the last 24 hours has seen a  scramble  to re-soften its approach via Rex Tillerson on Syria.More on this report from RT  RTUS Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said the Syrian crisis can only be solved through a political process, claiming it s not regime change but the defeat of the Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) terrorist group that Washington is seeking in Syria. Our strategy in Syria, our priority is first to defeat ISIS,  the US official said in an interview with ABC s  This Week  host, George Stephanopoulos, which was aired Sunday.Saying that once the battle with the terrorist group is concluded, which according to the US official is  going quite well,  Washington plans to turn its attention  to achieving ceasefire agreements between the regime and opposition forces. Bringing the parties to the table for political discussions  clearly requires the participation of the regime and the support of their allies,  Tillerson said in another Sunday interview to the American media, speaking to John Dickerson on CBS s  Face the Nation. Once a ceasefire becomes a reality in Syria,  we will have the conditions to begin a useful political process,  he said. It is through that political process that we believe the Syrian people will ultimately be able to decide the fate of Bashar Assad,  he told ABC.Tillerson reiterated the same on CBS, saying that Washington hoped to work with its coalition members and with the UN,  in particular through the Geneva process,  to be able to  navigate a political outcome in which the Syrian people will in fact determine Bashar Assad s fate and his legitimacy. The US Secretary of State underlined the Russian role in the process, saying that the US hoped it could work together with Russia  and use their influence,  and that Moscow  will choose to play a constructive role in supporting ceasefire through their own Astana talks, but also through Geneva. READ MORE: Russian FM & US Secretary of State discuss US strike on Syria in phone call I m hopeful we can have Russia be supportive of a process that will lead to a stable Syria. Clearly they are Bashar Assad s current ally, they should have the greatest influence on Bashar Assad,  he told Stephanopoulos, but he warned that Russia should be  thinking carefully about its continued alliance with Bashar Assad. Inaccurate and inconclusive : Lavrov slams US accusations of Assad regime using chemical weapons in Idlib https://t.co/TU2XP6YAeB pic.twitter.com/iwy1vXa4Rx  RT (@RT_com) April 8, 2017  Every time one of these horrific attacks occurs, it draws Russia closer into some level of responsibility,  he said in an apparent reference to a recent alleged chemical attack in Syria s Idlib province. Washington blamed the Syrian government for the incident, while Moscow has said there has been no evidence presented to support such claims. LEARNING LIBYA LESSON Speaking of the US missile strike on a Syrian airbase, ordered by President Donald Trump  in response  to the alleged use of chemical weapons, Tillerson told CBS that  clearly the message is that the violation of international norms, the continuing ignoring of UN resolutions and the continuing violation of agreements  will no longer be tolerated. The airstrike is only related to the alleged chemical attack, the US official claimed, adding that Washington has learned its lesson of  what it looks like when you undertake a violent regime change,  referring to Libya. Obviously the United States  own founding principle is self-determination, and what the US and our allies want to do is to enable the Syrian people to make that determination  We ve seen what violent regime change looks like in Libya and the kind of chaos that can be unleashed and indeed the kind of misery that it enacts on its own people,  he said on CBS. I think we have to learn the lessons of the past,  he emphasized on ABC, adding,  Any time you go on and have a violent change at the top, it is very difficult to create the conditions for stability [in the] longer term... Continue this report at RTREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SYRIA FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22913,NSA – ‘Top Secret’ Arsenal Released In Protest Of ‘Trump Betrayal’,"21st Century Wire says Out of all the intelligence agencies in the United States, we ve come across stories where not everyone is on the  same page . Indeed we ve also heard about factions embroiled in competition, and rivalry. Moral compass, personal principles, and ethics being challenged which lead to inner conflict; just some of the reasons that gave us former NSA whistleblower William Binney and more recently in the last few years, Edward Snowden.You might not have heard of them, but  The Shadow Brokers  came on the scene last year. A previously unknown collective, the Brokers hacked and released legitimate hacking tools from the NSA s own special-ops entity, the  Equation Group . The initial speculation, the Russians, of course. Everything is Russia by proxy these days. The Shadow Brokers released a certain amount of the  Equation Group  hacking tools asking for one million bitcoins, roughly $568 million at the time.The Shadow Brokers are back and since their initial hack it is assumed that this could be the work of a disgruntled  in house  employee. Furthermore they re not happy at all with President Donald J. Trump for numerous reasons, including his recent decision to launch 59 Tomahawk missiles into Syria.More on this report from Zerohedge  Tyler Durden ZeroHedgeLast August, the intel world was abuzz following the news that a previously unknown hacker collective,  The Shadow Brokers  had hacked and released legitimate hacking tools from the NSA s own special-ops entity, the  Equation Group , with initial speculation emerging that the Russians may have penetrated the US spy agency as suggested by none other than Edward Snowden. The Shadow Brokers released a bunch of the organization s hacking tools, and were asking for 1 million bitcoin (around $568 million at the time) to release more files, however failed to find a buyer. Attention then shifted from Russians after some speculated that the agency itself may be housing another  mole  insider. At the time, a former NSA source told Motherboard, that  it s plausible  that the leakers are actually a disgruntled insider, claiming that it s easier to walk out of the NSA with a USB drive or a CD than hack its servers.  As famed NSA whistleblower William Binney   who exposed the NSA s pervasive surveillance of Americans long before Snowden confirmed it   said,  My colleagues and I are fairly certain that this was no hack, or group for that matter, This  Shadow Brokers  character is one guy, an insider employee. In a subsequent Reuters op-ed by cybersecurity expert James Bamford, author of The Shadow Factory: The Ultra-Secret NSA From 9/11 to the Eavesdropping on America, and columnist for Foreign Policy magazine, he said that seemed as the most probable explanation, and that Russia had nothing to do with this latest   and most provocative yet   hack.Since then, the Shadow Broker group, whose origin and identity still remains a mystery, disappeared from the radar only to emerge today, when in an article posted on Medium, the group wrote an op-ed, much of it in broken English, in which it slammed Donald Trump s betrayal of his core  base , and the recent attack on Syria, urging Trump to revert to his original promises and not be swept away by globalist and MIC interests, but far more imporantly, released the password which grants access to what Edward Snowden moments ago called the NSA s  Top Secret arsenal of digital weapons. The article begins with the group explaining why it is displeased with Trump.DON T FORGET YOUR BASEDear President Trump,Respectfully, what the fuck are you doing? TheShadowBrokers voted for you. TheShadowBrokers supports you. TheShadowBrokers is losing faith in you. Mr. Trump helping theshadowbrokers, helping you. Is appearing you are abandoning  your base ,  the movement , and the peoples who getting you elected.Good Evidence:#1 Goldman Sach (TheGlobalists) and Military Industrial Intelligence Complex (MIIC) cabinet #2 Backtracked on Obamacare #3 Attacked the Freedom Causcus (TheMovement) #4 Removed Bannon from the NSC #5 Increased U.S. involvement in a foreign war (Syria Strike)The peoples whose voted for you, voted against the Republican Party, the party that tried to destroying your character in the primaries. The peoples who voted for you, voted against the Democrat Party, the party that hates, mocks, and laughs at you. Without the support of the peoples who voted for you, what do you think will be happening to your Presidency? Without the support of the people who voted for you, do you think you ll be still making America great again? Do you be remembering when you were sitting there at the Obama Press Party and they were all laughing at you? Do you be remembering when you touring the country and all those peoples believed in you and supported you? You were those peoples hope. How do you be thinking it will be feeling when those people turn on you? Will they be laughing at you, hating you, and mocking you too?TheShadowBrokers doesn t want this to be happening to you, Mr. Trump. TheShadowBrokers is wanting to see you succeed.The hackers then ask Trump whose war is he fighting:If you made deal(s) be telling the peoples about them, peoples is appreciating transparency. But what kind of deal can be resulting in chemical weapons used in Syria, Mr. Bannon s removal from the NSC, US military strike on Syria, and successful vote for SCOTUS without change rules? Mr. Trump whose war are you fighting? Israeli Nationalists  (Zionist) and Goldman Sachs  war? Chinese Globalists  and Goldman Sachs war? Is not looking like you fighting the domestic wars, the movement elected you to be fighting. You not being in office three months and already you looking like the MIIC s bitch with John McCain and Chuck Schumer double dutch ruddering each other in the corner over dead corpses.The post continues by exposing what the ShadowBrokers believe is the general mindset of Trump s support base;Your Supporters:  Don t care what is written in the NYT, Washington Post, or any newspaper, so just ignore it.   Don t care if you swapped wives with Mr Putin, double down on it,  Putin is not just my firend he is my BFF .   Don t care if the election was hacked or rigged, celebrate it  so what if I did, what are you going to do about it .   Don t care if your popular or nice, get er done, Obama s fail, thinking he could create compromise. No compromise.   Don t want foreign wars, Do want domestic wars,  drain the swamp ,  destroy the nanny state    Don t care about your faith, you sound like a smuck when you try to say god things   DO support the ideologies and policies of Steve Bannon, Anti-Globalism, Anti-Socialism, Nationalism, IsolationismIn the article, the ShadowBrokers also touch upon what until recently was the primary topic of the daily news cycle, namely the whether Russia is behind this (and any other black hat intel hacking operation):For peoples still being confused about TheShadowBrokers and Russia. If theshadowbrokers being Russian don t you think we d be in all those U.S. government reports on Russian hacking? TheShadowBrokers isn t not fans of Russia or Putin but  The enemy of my enemy is my friend.  We recognize Americans  having more in common with Russians than Chinese or Globalist or Socialist. Russia and Putin are nationalist and enemies of the Globalist, examples: NATO encroachment and Ukraine conflict. Therefore Russia and Putin are being best allies until the common enemies are defeated and America is great again.The report than goes on to suggest that the hacking group is in fact comprised mostly of former US spies:  President Trump, theshadowbrokers is offering our services to you and your administration. Did you know most of theshadowbrokers  members have taken the oath  to protect and defend the constitution of the United States against all enemies foreign and domestic . Yes sir! Most of us used to be TheDeepState everyone is talking about Continue this report at ZeroHedgeREAD MORE SCI-TECH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire SCI-TECH FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22914,SYRIA: Nikki Haley Threatens to “Do More” Despite International Outrage at US Criminal Act of Aggression,"Bill AukenThe day after US warships rained some 60 Tomahawk missiles on a Syrian government airbase, US officials made it clear that this unilateral and criminal attack against an oppressed former colonial country is merely the first shot in what is to be an escalating and widening campaign of American military aggression.The governor of Syria s central Homs province reported Friday that the missiles killed at least 15 people, including nine civilians. Four of the dead were children. Many more civilians were injured by two of the missiles, which struck nearby villages. Six of the dead were Syrian personnel at the al-Shairat airbase.The missile strike was the first time that Washington has carried out a direct military attack against Syrian government forces since the US and its regional allies orchestrated a war for regime change utilizing Al Qaeda-linked Islamist  rebels  as its proxy ground troops. The attack on the airbase is a direct intervention in that war on the side of the Al Qaeda elements.Russian Prime Minister Medvedev warned on Friday that the immensely reckless action had brought Washington to  the verge of a military clash  with nuclear-armed Russia, which had an air unit at the base struck by American missiles.Washington seized on an alleged incident Tuesday involving chemical weapons in the village of Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province as the pretext for Thursday night s attack. Syria has denied any use of such weapons, and Washington and its allies have presented no evidence to support their allegations in relation to the incident, which has all the earmarks of a provocation staged by the CIA and its Islamist proxies.The Russian government and others have pointed out the obvious fact that the elaborate attack carried out Thursday night from two US destroyers in the eastern Mediterranean had to have been planned well before the alleged incident even happened. The event was staged, with Al Qaeda-linked and US-funded  media activists  conveniently on hand to film it, in order to provide Washington with the propaganda pretext it required for its aggression.In a heated exchange in the United Nations Security Council Friday, US Ambassador Nikki Haley brushed aside denunciations by other diplomats that the unilateral US action was a gross violation of the UN Charter and international law, instead provocatively insisting that US imperialism is prepared to the do the same thing again and far more. The United States took a very measured step last night,  Haley said.  We are prepared to do more, but we hope that will not be necessary. Knowing full well that the US attack was imminent, Haley, who is acting as the council s rotating president for the month of April, postponed a vote on a compromise resolution calling for an objective investigation into the alleged chemical attack that was being drafted Thursday by the 10 nonpermanent members of the Security Council.Washington has no interest in such a probe, which would almost certainly reveal that the source of any chemical weapons incident was not the government of President Bashar al-Assad, but rather the Al Qaeda elements that control that area of Idlib Province. There is also no doubt that the US strike provides the Islamist elements in Syria with every motivation for staging more chemical weapons incidents to provide the pretext for a spiraling escalation of US military aggression.The UN Security Council session was convened at the request of Bolivia, Russia and Syria. Bolivian Ambassador Sacha Llorenti began the debate with a blistering denunciation of the US attack, declaring that the US officials  believe that they are investigators, they are attorneys, judges and they are the executioners. He called the US strike  an extremely serious violation of international law,  while stressing that this was  not the first time.  Llorenti held up a picture of then Secretary of State Colin Powell delivering his February 5, 2003 speech to the same UN council insisting that Washington had irrefutable proof of nonexistent  weapons of mass destruction,  the notorious pretext for the US invasion barely a month later.This war based upon lies, the Bolivian envoy added, resulted in  a million deaths  and  a series of atrocities  throughout the Middle East.Llorenti denounced Washington for its  double standard,  invoking  human rights,   democracy  and  multilateralism  only when it serves its own strategic interests. He recalled the series of military coups orchestrated by the CIA in Latin America and the Pentagon s training of Latin American security forces in the art of torture.Russia s deputy permanent representative to the United Nations, Vladimir Safronkov, similarly condemned the US bombardment as a  flagrant violation of international law,  warning that the  consequences for regional and international stability can be extremely serious. Safronkov charged that Washington had acted deliberately to derail any  independent and unbiased investigation  into the alleged April 4 incident in of Khan Sheikhoun.  You were afraid of it,  he said,  as its results might wreck your anti-regime paradigm. The Russian ambassador ridiculed the performance given earlier by US Ambassador Haley in which she held up the photographs of two Syrian children and demanded,  How many more children have to die before Russia cares? I will not stage a cynical show and hold up photographs,  he said, but asked why there was no such concern for the children of Mosul, where a single US bombing raid killed over 300 civilians, most of them women and children, last month. Thousands more have been killed and injured in US airstrikes carried out in both Iraq and Syria.Continue reading at WSWSREAD MORE WHITE HELMET NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire White Helmet FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22915,Syria Strikes: This is NOT The Donald Trump We Wanted,"21st Century Wire says Not at all.Yesterday s Syria strikes have created quite a rift in President Trump s support base, with many seeing him as no longer any better than those presidents that have come before him.In the following video, Stuart J. Hooper breaks down why this is not the Donald Trump we wanted, how he has gone against everything he said he would do, and examines the dangerous crowd who is supporting this move: READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22916,ENGDAHL: ‘Trump is a Puppet of the Deep State’,"Little did we know at the time of this recording just how accurate our guest s comments would become.In last week s Episode #179 of the SUNDAY WIRE, host Patrick Henningsen speaks to author and global affairs analyst, F. William Engdahl, to discuss his recent article about the new US-Israeli oil wars in the Golan Heights in Syria and how this is connected to the West s hidden agenda to create  Safe Zones  in Syria.In prophetic fashion, Engdahl then goes on to describe Donald Trump as a tool of establishment, placed into the US presidency by America s Deep State   in order to fast-track a destructive geopolitical agenda.NOTE: This interview was recorded 5 days before the US missile strikes on Syria SUPPORT OUR WORK  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22917,Episode #6 – DRIVE BY WIRE: ‘Syria WMD Redux?’ (Part 1),"MEMBERS can join co-hosts Patrick Henningsen and Shawn Helton for the full version of this episode of DRIVE BY WIRE  at 21WIRE.TV EPISODE #6  Here is Part 1 of this special emergency installment of DRIVE BY WIRE with Patrick Henningsen and Shawn Helton. This is an urgent discussion on this week s alleged  chemical weapons  attack in Idlib, Syria   which the US and Donald Trump have automatically blamed on the Syrian government and  Bashar al Assad.  Is this a dangerous precedent?NOTE: This segment was filmed the day before Trump launched a missile strike against Syria . SUPPORT OUR WORK  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria Files",0
22918,"Without Evidence, Trump Launches 59 Cruise Missiles, Destroying Syrian Air Force Base"," Last night President Donald Trump caved into the Pentagon, the political left, the Neoconservative pro-war lobby and mainstream media pressure to act after the release of YouTube videos produced by the US and UK-funded NGO the White Helmets   of an alleged  chemical weapons  attack by the Syrian Airforce in the al Qaeda stronghold of Idlib in Syria. Following the US missile strike, Al Qaeda leaders in Syria have hailed the move by Trump, expressing their gratitude for the US President s knee-jerk military action.Al Qaeda and ISIS supporters Saudi Arabia, Qatar and Turkey have also expressed thanks to Trump for helping to degrade the Syrian military who have been fighting and winning against al Qaeda in Syria, ISIS and a host of other Gulf-sponsored terrorist groups operating in Syria.Salafist Jihadist group Ahrar al-Sham welcoming the strikes. Thanks America. pic.twitter.com/4PQzv1PVjw  Ali (@Ali_Kourani) April 7, 2017Trump s strike on Syria also helped ISIS who have been losing to the Syrian Army recently in the area of Homs and Palmyra.The Guardian confirms: Tonight I ordered a targeted military strike on the airfield in Syria from where the chemical attack was launched.It is in this vital national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons.There can be no dispute that Syria used banned chemical weapons, violated its obligations under the chemical weapons convention, and ignored the urging of the UN security council.Years of previous attempts at changing Assad s behaviour have all failed and failed very dramatically. There was an angry response in Russia, where the Kremlin warned that the strikes would cause  significant damage to US-Russia ties .NOTE: Tillerson has now gone so far as to blame Russia for  allowing  Syria to mount this attack They would act as the guarantor that these weapons would no longer be present in Syria. Clearly Russia has failed in its responsibility to deliver on that commitment from 2013. Either Russia has been complicit or Russia has been simply incompetent in its ability to deliver on its end of that agreement. SEE ALSO: Reviving the  Chemical Weapons  Lie: New US-UK Calls for Regime Change, Military Attack Against SyriaDespite the fact that no evidence, other than YouTube videos, that the Syrian government launched a chemical airstrikes in Idlib, the US government and the mainstream media are ignoring multiple evidential reports of  Rebels  (terrorists) holding and using chemical weapons in Syria.What was these Saudi dangerous chemicals doing in Qaeda depos in E Aleppo last year?! Let's ask CNN or BBC!! pic.twitter.com/g6WTWTgpl4  Fares Shehabi (@ShehabiFares) April 6, 2017Three years ago the same chemical rebels bombed the Akrama school in Homs! 45 kids were killed. No Nato barking at the UN! Hypocrisy! pic.twitter.com/UXZHbReoTc  Fares Shehabi (@ShehabiFares) April 5, 2017STAY TUNED FOR UPDATESREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22919,Boiler Room #104 – War Sells… But Who’s Buying,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Jay Dyer of Jays Analysis, Patrick Henningsen of 21WIRE, Infidel Pharaoh (ACR contributor) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and fourth episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club. We re breaking down the developments in Syria and the Trump approval of military strikes in Syria.Listen to  Boiler Room EP #104   War Sells  But Who s Buying  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #104Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22920,MEMBERS: EP #5 – DRIVE BY WIRE: ‘Taxi to the UN’ with Patrick and Matt Lee," MEMBERS can join host Patrick Henningsen and guest Matt Lee from Inner City Press for an unusual evening commute, another  DRIVE BY WIRE , shown in full here at 21WIRE.TV .EPISODE #5   This special episode of DRIVE BY WIRE takes place in a unique location   in the back of a New York City Yellow Cab, with 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen and special guest from The United Nation press corp, independent correspondent Matt Lee from Inner City Press, who shares some behind the scenes stories from the UN, tales of institutional corruption and diplomatic avarice   all hidden in plain sight WATCH THIS EPISODE HERESUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22921,Rappoport: ‘CNN Already Deflecting From the Susan Rice Scandal’,"By Jon RappoportCNN is already claiming the whole Susan Rice scandal is a tempest in a teapot, and the Trump team is exaggerating it to distract the public from  something. Fill in the blank yourself.For example: Trump isn t actually the president, he cheated his way into the Oval Office, while acting as a secret agent for his handler, Vladimir Putin, who in turn was operating on behalf of aliens from Jupiter.The Susan Rice scandal is out in the open. She, Obama s national security advisor, led an effort to spy on legal phone calls the Trump team was making during the presidential campaign, in order to gain  intelligence on the enemy. The Daily Caller News Foundation (DCNF) spoke with  Col. (Ret.) James Waurishuk, an NSC [National Security Council] veteran and former deputy director for intelligence at the U.S. Central Command.  Waurishuk said:   many hands had to be involved throughout the Obama administration to launch such a political spying program  It s unbelievable of [sic] the level and degree of the [Obama] administration to look for information on Donald Trump and his associates, his campaign team and his transition team. This is really, really serious stuff . Michael Doran, former NSC [National Security Council] senior director, told The DCNF Monday that  somebody blew a hole in the wall between national security secrets and partisan politics . This  was a stream of information that was supposed to be hermetically sealed from politics and the Obama administration found a way to blow a hole in that wall , he said. Yes, serious stuff. A felony, punishable by up to 10 years in prison.Obama, of course, will have plausible deniability if the Susan Rice scandal blows up into a Watergate. He didn t know. He didn t order the spying. He was playing golf that day. Or any day.And if a Congressional investigation of Rice and her antics reaches a fever pitch, somebody can play the race card. That s always an option. If Rice were white, this never would have happened to her. The Trump people are all over her like white on Rice. Meanwhile, CNN, in alternating segments, can say a) Rice and her people never spied on anybody, and b) everybody spies on everybody all the time, it s not a big deal and then some on-air goofball will add,  In fact, we here at CNN are spying  And the TV screen will go blank, then display colored stripes, then come back and the goofball will be gone, and an anchor will say,  We had a technical problem for a moment. Continue this article at John Rappoport s websiteREAD MORE RUSSIAN HACK NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russian Hack Files",0
22922,The U.S. Has No Legal Standing in Its Involvement in the War on Yemen," Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireYemen is proving what should be clear by now: President Trump may never make good on his bold campaign promise of less senseless wars overseas. Watch as Trump defers to the Generals to double-down on a bad Obama bet.This week, we learned that the US Department of Defense, led by General James Mattis, would like to increase its support for Saudi Arabia and its Gulf accomplices, in their effort to continue to further destabilize and bomb Yemen, followed by the installation by force of a US and Saudi-friendly regime in that country.Following over 2 years of hostilities against Yemen, Mattis has also decided to ask Congress for help in drafting some sort of authorization to give the US some legal standing in its continual involvement with this war. Mattis is erroneously bundling the issue of Yemen into both Syria and Iraq, claiming that this is somehow part of the  the fight against ISIS .What is it about Yemen that makes it such a gaping blind spot for members of the US government, its diplomatic corps and the US mainstream media?Fact: On its face, the joint Saudi-US War on Yemen is illegal under both US and International Law (see US legal analysis below).With that in mind, shouldn t every person in the US, from the Obama Administration forward and including the Department of Defense, the Pentagon, the CIA and so on, who has been involved in prosecuting this illegal, undeclared war of aggression   be indicted and charged with high crimes?Is the United States not a nation of laws, as so many politicians and pundits proudly proclaim to their public over the airwaves each and every day? Are we really a nation of laws?Or is Washington DC merely a nation of self-inflated, self-reverential hypocrites? In a nutshell the Saudis, Emiratis and the USA are inflicting a war of genocide against the Houthis,   (University of Illinois Professor of International Law, Francis Boyle)So what is the Trump Administration s solution to this collapsing situation? Of course, more sanctions. Because this war was initiated under President Obama, left-leaning and liberal media outlets and Democratic Party operators were bound to an unofficial regime of silence on the issue  of Yemen   hence, almost zero media coverage or commentary throughout 2015-2016. It was sufficient to focus only on Syria, and even then to streamline all mainstream media talking points with foreign policy directives from US State Department. With Syria, just look at the media coverage over the last 6 years and overlay it with the US State Department and British Foreign Office narratives. Totally seamless.For the US political right-wing and the Pentagon-oriented news outlets like CNN, the War on Yemen was simply reduced down to a binary argument, blaming the entire affair on Iran, claiming that the  Iranian-backed Houthis  were the primary antagonists. By framing it in the Iran-centric geopolitical context   and not the true context of US-Saudi aggression and a battle to control some of the regions most lucrative untapped oil and gas reserves   it served to somehow justify the organized, international crime which has been taking place. CNN s Wolf Blitzer was always careful to inject the correct qualifier (as he always does) of  Iranian-backed Houthis  when covering Yemen. By framing it as an Iranian plot, US neoconservatives also reinforced the operation as  good for Israel, which by extension means its in US national interest by virtue of the neoconservatives doctrine.Since the War on Yemen began in March 2015, rather than reporting on the carnage and pressuring the US government to recuse itself from its daily military role backing of Saudi Arabia, the mainstream media foreign policy gatekeepers and CFR members like CNN s Fareed Zakaria have instead opted to ignore the conflict as much as possible, opting instead to continue pushing more fake news and extravagant lies spun regarding Aleppo along with other aspects of the other illegal US operation arming international terrorists in Syria.Members of the media should be ashamed of themselves, but that assuming the word shame still exists in their lexicon. By now, it should be clear that they simply do not care. While the establishment and auxiliary CFR public relations mascots like George Clooney have been crusading for the International Criminal Court (ICC) to  take urgent action  against  the bad guys  in places like South Sudan (a CIA project from the onset) and fawning over the US-UK government joint project and pseudo-NGO fraud known as the White Helmets in Syria, the United States government and its partners Saudi Arabia, the UAE, Bahrain and of the course the United Kingdom   have been allowed to get away with one of the most obvious and egregious, mass violations of international law and collective murder in modern history.In short, all the establishment and Deep State players; in Washington, the UNHRC (bought-off by Saudi Arabia), the mainstream media, Hollywood, and across the billion dollar think-tank industrial complex   have all colluded through their collective inaction and media censorship  in perpetrating an long-running and obvious international crime against humanity in Yemen. Add to this, holding in contempt the concept of the modern nation-state as it pertains to Yemen, by colluding in a violent, neocolonial fashion with the express intent to deny the Yemeni people their right to sovereignty. To compare Saudi Arabia s belligerent actions in Yemen to Nazi Germany s undeclared wars of aggression prior to WWII is no exaggeration. In fact, one could make the argument that this Saudi-US joint venture is much worse, and a far more dangerous precedent. Likewise, the failure of a corrupt UN (who effectively sold Saudi Arabia its seat as the head of the UN Human Rights Council ), led by an impotent Secretary General in Ban-ki Moon, to censure Saudi Arabia for its flagrant violation of international law, the Nuremberg Principles and the entire Geneva Convention content and implied framework   leaves the UN in the exact same position as the League of Nations in 1938. This is most certainly the case on paper, and with each passing moment we are nudging ever closer to geopolitical d j  vu. (Vanessa Beeley, 21WIRE, Oct 13, 2016)The following is a professional analysis, from a US legal perspective. The case is clear, and non-contestable under the current provision in both US and international law  Yemeni resident in Taiz, who lost everything after another Saudi airstrike.. Trevor Thrall & John Glaser ReasonAfter almost a year of bombings, Yemen is a humanitarian catastrophe. Over 6,000 Yemenis have been killed [an extremely conservative estimate]  half of them civilians. According to a recent United Nations report, the Saudi-led coalition has  conducted airstrikes targeting civilians and civilian objects,  including refugee camps, hospitals, weddings, and mosques. Saudi bombing has reduced large tracts of several cities to rubble. Some of the attacks, according to the U.N. panel, could amount to crimes against humanity.As of this month, over two million people in Yemen are internally displaced, millions lack access to potable water, and thanks to a U.S.-supported Saudi blockade on imports, more than 14 million Yemenis are at risk of starvation.Throughout, the U.S. has quietly but dutifully lent the Saudis weapons, logistics assistance, and diplomatic cover. It s time to stop.The civil conflict in Yemen has its roots in the overthrow in 2011 of long-time U.S.-Saudi ally Ali Abdullah Saleh. In the midst of the unrest, Saudi Arabia and the U.S. supported a political transition to a government headed by President Abed-Rabbo Mansour Hadi, in which he was the only candidate on the ballot. Yemen s Shiite Houthi rebels waged an insurgency against the Hadi government and captured the capital city Sanaa in 2014.The civil war then morphed into an intractable proxy war when, in March of last year, Saudi Arabia decided to wage a vicious bombing campaign under the pretext of destroying the Houthi rebellion and reinstating Hadi s beleaguered government. Riyadh views the Houthis as a proxy of Iran, and after the peaceful diplomatic settlement between the U.S. and Iran over the latter s nuclear program, U.S. officials have apparently felt obliged to reassure Saudi Arabia by supporting its war in Yemen.The problem is that Saudi Arabia s war in Yemen compromises both U.S. interests and its moral standing. Our interests are harmed because undermining the Houthis and contributing to the power vacuum in the country has benefitted the position of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), which happens to share Saudi distaste for the Houthis.The Saudis succeed in garnering U.S. support in part by characterizing the war as a fight against terrorism. But the Saudis and al-Qaeda are actually in an awkward alliance in this fight, making U.S. help even more misguided.As for our moral standing, by supporting Saudi Arabia s military action, we are a party to serious war crimes and are indirectly at fault for the devastating humanitarian crisis the people of Yemen now face.The Saudi intervention clearly violates the just war tenet of jus ad bellum. That tenet dictates that nations not only have a just cause for going to war but also resort to military force only after all other options have been exhausted. Despite Saudi claims to the contrary, the intervention is clearly not a case of self-defense. The notion that Yemen, the poorest country in the Middle East (kept afloat primarily by Saudi funds), represents a military threat to Saudi Arabia is absurd. And to argue Saudi bombs are justified to prevent future terrorist attacks is to argue for preventive war, which violates just war theory and the UN Charter.The Saudis insist that their actions are legal because the legitimate Yemeni government invited military intervention. But the Hadi government hardly deserves the label legitimate. Hadi was elevated to the presidency after serving in Saleh s autocratic regime as vice president. Once president, Hadi used his position to consolidate power against the Houthis and Saleh loyalists all while misappropriating billions of dollars. A better description would be to call the Hadi government a tool of Saudi Arabia, since Saudi Arabia not only brokered the deal that allowed him to replace Saleh but also enabled him to return to Yemen after the Houthis drove him from the country. Arguing that the Saudis are responding to a call for help is essentially to argue that the Saudis asked themselves to intervene in Yemen.So, if Saudi Arabia s argument for intervention is weak, what s the U.S. s excuse? Any claim that this is a part and parcel of the war on terror is dubious, considering the bombing of Yemen is, if anything, bolstering Islamic extremists. Furthermore, Saudi Arabia itself is a major exporter of the kind of jihadist ideology that drives groups like al-Qaeda and the Islamic State.Even if it were about countering terrorist groups, if the threat to Saudi Arabia from Yemen is remote, the threat to the United States is certainly too small to justify violating the rules of war, international moral norms, and common decency.Beyond placating overexcited Saudi fears of a U.S. strategic tilt towards Iran, there simply is no moral, legal, or strategic justification for what the U.S. is doing in Yemen.About the Authors: Trevor Thrall is an associate professor at the School of Policy, Government, and International Affairs at George Mason University and a senior fellow at the Cato Institute. John Glaser is based in Washington, DC. He has been published in CNN, Newsweek, The Guardian, and The National Interest, among others. READ MORE YEMEN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Yemen FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22923,"SUNDAY SCREENING: Guns, Drugs & the CIA (1988)","This week s documentary screening, curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE. This was quite a groundbreaking investigation and production at the time, which aired on US public television in 1988, detailing the US government s own role, along with the CIA   in trafficking in illicit narcotics proceeds that were used to shore up the Contra  freedom fighters  effort in Nicaragua. The history of the CIA runs parallel to criminal and drug operations throughout the world, but it s coincidental. Is the CIA using drug money to finance covert operations?  SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22924,Assange: ‘Trump in Conflict with CIA Over Syria Policy’,"This interview with WikiLeaks head Julian Assange might explain John McCain s recent angry outburst over the Trump Administration s announcement that  Assad can stay  as leader in Syria. Syrianna Analysis: On the German DW-TV channel, Julian Assange said there is a serious conflict between President Donald Trump and the CIA over Syria. The CIA and other security apparatuses don t want him to change the foreign policy of Washington towards Syria. Listen: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22925,"John McCain Throws Tantrum, Decries Trump for ‘Letting Assad Stay’","21st Century Wire says A predictable reaction from a pair of increasingly desperate politicians.Perennial war hawks Senators John McCain and his partner Lindsey Graham, have expressed their outrage of recent comments by Trump Administration officials that regime change is no longer a priority for the Washington.McCain warned that President Trump s downgrading on policy, away from the overthrow of the Syrian government, was somehow bad for US interests.  Such a policy would only exacerbate the terrorist threat to our nation,  said McCain.Since at least 2011, McCain has been intimately involved in helping to foment instability in Syria by leading the program to flood illegal arms into Syria for what he and many other America politicians claimed was for  the moderate rebels  who were  fighting for freedom and democracy.  It wasn t long before the world finally figured out what the Syrian people knew all along   the moderate rebel was a public relation tool, invented by Washington under the Obama Administration.Sadly for McCain, he hasn t been following the news close enough over the last 3 years to realize that the rest of the world has already figured out the West s transparent proxy terrorist marketing campaign.While McCain s public position is predictable   still clinging to the fictional narrative laid down by Obama   that the Syria public do not support their President and is therefore illegitimate in the eyes of NATO member states, his partner Senator Graham s position is even more erroneous; based on the a long-debunked lie that Assad crossed the  red line  and used chemical weapons against his own people. McCain with CIA-backed FSA commander Sam Idris and Mouaz Moustafa of the Washington s creation, the  Syrian Emergency Task Force  (SETF).What makes McCain s rantings even more obscene, is the fact that he has remained completely pro-war in all its forms, and is in total support of proven international terrorists groups like Al Nusra, the  Free Syrian Army  FSA and Arar al-Sham. In 2011, McCain snuck into Syria illegally to promise militants weapons and support, as well as a US bombing campaign against the Syrian state   a war which almost happened under the pretext of a staged false flag chemical attack in East Ghouta outside Damascus in August 2013. BUSY YEAR: 2011 was a busy year for McCain and Graham supporting militants and terrorists. Here they are pictured with Florida Senator Marco Rubio showing off with extremists after the assassination of Gaddafi and before the eventual implosion of the country following the US-led NATO bombing campaign.  Supreme Military Council of Syria meeting US Rep. Adam Kinzinger, Mouaz Moustaf (SETF), and CIA agent Evan McMullin (circa 2013-2014)Since 2011, John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Hillary Clinton, US Congressman Adam Kinzinger and others, in conjunction with Romney-backed CIA operative turned 2016 Presidential candidate Evan McMullin   have led calls to support the various terrorist factions within Syria under the CIA crafted banner of  Supreme Military Council of Syria  and the  The Syrian Revolutionary Front    have consistently sold the American public a false narrative via by the Muslim Brotherhood, an extremist political organization supported by Obama administration.4 years later, they are still droning on with the same discredited talking points  Daniel Chaitin Washington ExaminerSens. John McCain and Lindsey Graham are upset with the Trump administration signaling that removing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad from power is no longer a top priority.During a trip to Turkey, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said Assad s fate will be decided by the Syrian people. That sentiment was echoed by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, who told reporters,  You pick and choose your battles. And when we re looking at this it s about changing up priorities and our priority is no longer to sit and focus on getting Assad out. In a statement Thursday evening, McCain, who is chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said he is  deeply disturbed  by Tillerson s and Haley s comments. Their suggestion that Assad can stay in power appears to be just as devoid of strategy as President Obama s pronouncements that  Assad must go,'  McCain said.  Once again, U.S. policy in Syria is being presented piecemeal in press statements without any definition of success, let alone a realistic plan to achieve it. Graham, also a member of the Armed Services committee, said that such comments would be  the biggest mistake since President Obama failed to act after drawing a red line against Assad s use of chemical weapons. Continue this story at the Washington ExaminerREAD MORE JOHN MCCAIN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire McCain FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22926,NEVER BEFORE SEEN: FBI Trove of 9/11 Pentagon Photos Refuels Conspiracy Suspicions,"21st Century Wire says The FBI released 27  never before seen  images chronicling the destructive Pentagon attack on 9/11. While the FBI move appears to be an effort to be more transparent, they ve refueled old conspiracy suspicions   hidden in plain sight.   COVER-UP?    Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton To this day, the attacks on September 11th, 2001, have remained some of the most enigmatic crimes of the century.There has been an endless dispute over the how of 9/11 and the who, as well as the various methods used to carry out the atrocities of that day. There s an even heavier debate over what brought down WTC Building 7 and since then, other 9/11  rabbit holes  have also challenged the nature of the planes said to be involved in both New York and Washington DC.Whatever your thoughts are concerning planes or other theories on 9/11 it s still worth noting that even the mainstream media admitted at the time that there was, no evidence of a plane at all,  following the destruction of a portion of the Pentagon s western side.Watch as Jamie McIntyre, a former Senior Pentagon correspondent for CNN, suggests the lack of evidence supporting the official story surrounding American Airlines flight 77 .Here s one telling image released by the FBI that doesn t appear to support the official story of American Airlines flight 77 s fuselage crashing into the Western side of the Pentagon. Its as if logic and reason were also casualties on 9/11   where is the rest of the plane and why is the crater so small?  PENTAGON TALES    What really happened here? (Image Source: vault.fbi.gov)In another telling image, part of the damage seen at the Pentagon on 9/11 looks errily reminiscent to that of the Oklahoma City bombing  INTERIOR EXPLOSION?   Why does this look similar to the damage at OKC IN 1995? (Image Source: abcnews)The FBI releases also contained images of twisted plane parts that curiously lacked evidence of fire damage   given the devastating crime scene, it s hard to see how that would be possible.See the FBI photos here for yourself   and ask yourself one single question: where is the Boeing passenger airliner? . More from Free Thought Project below BREAKING: The FBI Just Released Never Before Seen Photos of 9/11 Pentagon WreckageClaire Bernish Free Thought ProjectAfter surreptitiously releasing to the public one week ago, the FBI unceremoniously announced today the unprecedented release of never-before-seen images from the attacks of September 11, 2001, and some of the pictures evoke still more questions.Others could be seen as putting to rest a popular theory American Airlines Flight 77 never actually smashed into the Pentagon. The FBI Vault release is minute in size, to say the least   with a mere 27 images comprising the file   and does not include video, audio, nor anything other than photos.But, given the stony silence from the U.S. government toward families of victims of the attacks, even the meager disclosure is a welcome morsel of information with the potential to provide answers.Indeed, in the very first image, labeled plainly,  9-11 Pentagon Debris 1,  a single piece of wreckage sits isolated on a parcel of lawn   bearing the American Airlines logo and marked with letters and numbers.More from Free Thought Project here SEE ALSO: What to Expect From BBC Panorama and Guardian s Whitewash of UK Gov t Funding Terrorists in SyriaSEE ALSO: The Guardian Exposed   Conning Public into Financing  Independent Journalism SEE ALSO: White Helmets &  Local Councils    Is the UK FCO Financing Terrorism in Syria with Taxpayer Funds?SEE ALSO: A Guide to Mainstream Media  Fake News  War PropagandaSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22927,Boiler Room #103 – Smoking Gunz,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Daniel Spaulding of Soul of the East, Funk Soul, Randy J, Stewart Howe (ACR/21WIRE contributors) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and third episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.Listen to  Boiler Room #103   Smoking Gunz  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #103Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22928,EP #19: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – SEASON FINALE – Open Phones," This is the final episode of Patrick LIVE on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and globally at Alternate Current Radio THIS WEEK: Episode #19 This week we we wrap-up an amazing run on 1100 AM KFNX   first hitting the headlines with Al Gore s hot air, BREXIT and the liberal academia s attack on 21st Century Wire and new scourge of  alternative narratives . So we ask our listeners: is there any objective integrity left in America academia? We ll find out   Tonight, host Patrick Henningsen is joined a Motley cast of VIP callers   to hit the issues of the day, one last time Listen to  EP #19: Patrick Henningsen LIVE   with Open Call Line  on Spreaker.For the last five months this program has been broadcasting LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm and 9pm PST, in the post-drive time slot and after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com and syndicated on the Alternate Current Radio Network. LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVES",0
22929,Episode #4 – DRIVE BY WIRE: ‘DC Rabbit Holes’ with Patrick & Shawn," MEMBERS can join co-hosts Patrick Henningsen and Shawn Helton from 21WIRE for the best morning commute show going,  DRIVE BY WIRE , shown in full here at 21WIRE.TV .EPISODE #4   21WIRE writers Patrick and Shawn talk about the big  Russian Investigation  currently going on in Washington, as well as the recent London Attack and some of the chief anomalies present in that event, and also US troops in Syria MEMBERS CAN WATCH THE FULL EPISODE HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22930,Al Gore: Climate Change is “PRINCIPAL” Cause of Syrian War,"21st Century Wire says Can you say:  out of touch ?Al Gore may have finally proven that he has completely lost touch with reality after his recent comments in London during an interview.The former Vice-President and professional alarmist extraordinaire said that climate change is a  principal  cause of the Syrian conflict, and even,  those in the region recognize that [too] .In the following video report, you ll hear exactly why that explanation is not only intellectually insulting, but how it shifts the blame away from those who are truly responsible for the Syrian crisis, because it certainly was not your SUV driving neighbour: READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22931,Fake News: The Unravelling of US Empire From Within,"Setting the Stage of the Press-President War.US ruling ideology and Washington power have become unstuck as never before. A war of opposing certitudes and denunciations is waged day to day between the long-ruling US corporate media and the White House. Both continuously proclaim ringing recriminations of the other s  fake news . Over months they both portray each other as malevolent liars. Prof. John McMurtry Global ResearchUS bully pulpits are now beyond show disagreements and successful media inquisitions of the past. Slanderous accusations long confined to vilifying the designated Enemy have crept into accusations of the President himself.  The Russians are coming  is returning as the final recourse of smear to stop deviations from the global program of hugely profitable enemy hate and perpetual preparations for foreign war.The ruling big lies of the US money party and corporate globalization have divided into opposing camps. The Press and the President denounce each other non-stop on the public stage, while US dark state agents take sides behind the scenes.Fake news is the medium of battle.Tracking the Real Fake News Built into Corporate GlobalizationBeneath the civil war of official narratives, cognitive space opens for truth long suffocated by  the Washington Consensus . Even the US-led G-20 has recently agreed not to automatically condemn  protectionism  as an economic evil. The battle slogan of transnational corporate rule over 30 years has been quietly withdrawn on the global stage.Is the big lie of  free trade  finally coming to ground? It has long led the hollowing out of societies and life support systems across the world in a false mass promotion as  freedom and prosperity for all .  In fact beneath the pervasive fake news, a closed-door transnational corporate command system forces all enterprises across borders into a carbon-multiplying trade regime with thousands of rules to protect the transnational corporate looting and ruin of home economies and environments as the only rights enforced.Propagandist names and fake freedoms are proclaimed everywhere to conceal the reality. The corporate-investor regime has stripped out almost all evolved protections of workers, ecologies and social infrastructures. Non-stop liquidations and roboticizations of local jobs and enterprises are reversed in meaning to  jobs, jobs, jobs  and  higher living standards , the very opposite of the facts. Destabilization and bombing wars attack resource-rich and air-defenceless societies outside the circle of treaty subjugation.False news allows every step. Even the happy-face Trudeau regime is taken aback by the tidal shift to national priorities. Its ministers scuttle around the US in near panic to find common cause for restoring the unaccountable regime. Multiplying carbon, disemployment and ecological plunder are ignored throughout in the longest standing fake news of all  economic growth .In fact, there is no real economic growth in universal life necessities or reduction of waste. The only growth is of volumes and velocities of transnational money exchanges, foreign commodities, and private profits to the top. More prosperity for nations and the world  means, decoded, more transnational corporate-state treaties to deprive nations of their rights to organization and production for citizens  real needs as well as organically regulated protection of environments and ecosystems.The consequences covered over by pervasively false cover stories are speeded-up ecocidal extractions, permanent disemployments, and wastes hemorrhaging into cumulatively more polluted oceans, air, atmosphere and life habitats. Corporate-state solutions of carbon markets for pollution rights have nowhere reduced any of these life-and-death crises, but only further and selectively enriched transnational corporations.As for the Obama solution,  we need more Canadas , fake news again conceals the reality. Beneath the global celebrity hype covering empty and broken promises, Canada s Trudeau  regime is essentially a brand change of PM rhetoric to advance transnational corporate dictates as  free trade  and to ensure oil pipelines out of the most polluting oil basin in the world, Alberta s tar-sands, are built through water basins and indigenous lands across Canada and the US. One cannot help but observe this is Trump s plan too, and overrides Trudeau s promises to protect Canada s first peoples.I recently sent a letter to my local MP requesting evidence for what PM Trudeau promises over months of repetition that  more free trade  means  a better life for those in the middle class and those wanting to join the middle class . As always, there is no evidence to support the non-stop false news from the PMO. Revealingly, the  middle class  turns out to be people making $180,000 a year slated to get significant tax cuts.Trump s rogue elephant charge on Washington-led lies, war, and dispossession of the working class is no solution to life-blind corporate globalization. Trump in office is a US nationalist oligarch commanding policies even more blindly rapacious in despoliation of the environment and transferring far more public wealth to the rich.The common ground of all our lives, collective life capital, does not exist for any government in  the free world  or any policy of  globalization .  The lies that must be promulgated to advance the private corporate agenda are built into its transnational command system from the beginning.Out of the Ruling Memory Hole with the Internet CommonsJoining the dots shows that every step of US money-party  globalization  has, in fact, been driven by fake news.No corporate media tolerance has been given in a quarter of a century to any voice demanding accountability to the common life-ground of citizens. A new game of numbers has proceeded instead. At most, a euphemistic  climate change  has been endlessly debated while the totalizing destabilization of human and planetary life cycles remains without a name or collective response. Only more profitable market panaceas which do not reduce any pollution continue to divert from the deepest degenerate trends destroying the planetary life host.On the upside, the big lies of  free trade  and  humanitarian wars  have been called into official question for the first time by the Trump presidential campaign, and he has been elected against the official line. Yet opposing camps are still at each other s throats. So the perpetual fallback on accusing the long-designated foreign enemy is triggered by the fallen establishment. The fake news chorus of Russia s aggressions now includes collusion of the Trump administration with its officials to win the US election. This mainspring diversion from reality is called back from the dead witch-hunts of the past. As then tool, facts do not count, only accusations do. The official media line is almost predictable: Russia is behind Trump s election victory. As always, reverse projection is the mass-psyche operation to blame an official Enemy to divert attention from the life-and-death facts. The Enemy is once again accused of doing what the US has always done worse as the reason for attacking It. Russia is the usual placeholder in this reverse-blame operation. The 2016 US election of Trump is the latest variation.Meanwhile throughout the election and its aftermath, the new transnational internet commons including Wiki-leaks over a decade has increasingly laid bare the greatest propaganda machine in history now in many-leveled crisis. The long normalized half-truths, one-sided slanting of the facts, and non-stop fallacies of inference are coming out into the open as never before.  The pretexts and lies for US imperial bullying and war are exposed beyond any corporate-media gate.This time the accusation is  interference and attack on the US presidential election  with no evidence of wrongdoing or vote manipulation whatsoever. Yet as in the long past, the method is smear with no evidence for the accusations. Ever more media repetition and shadowy insinuation does the job. It has always worked before, why not again since all the other media buttons pushed on taking down the Trump peace initiatives with Russia and opposition to globalization of US jobs have failed.Having wondered during the election campaign whether we could be  friends with Russia  and promoted diplomatic relations into his administration, Trump can be named as the enemy in hiding to be rooted out. The real problem the fake news never mentions is that he threatens the cornerstone of the US war state over 70 years.So when Trump won the election with his heresy still intact, the ever-ready accusation of evil-Russia connection moves into high gear although the target is the opposite of communist and an epitome of capitalist riches and connections. We see here the historical mind-lock compulsion to blame the Enemy Russia and smear whoever dissents from it, even if it is a bully-capitalist president. There are very big stakes in keeping the game going.Yet the no-profit and unpaid analyses from the internet commons have no such ulterior motive and interest in false accusations. With more objectively informed analysts than the commercial press and unimpeachable facts like WikiLeaks going to tens of millions of readers across the world, the genie is out of the bottle. The official grand narrative and its normalized big lies are coming apart at the seams.So blame as usual is diverted onto the accepted Enemy, now conniving with Trump to attack the 2016 US presidential election. Beneath the fake news, the fact is that positive diplomatic relations with Russia not only threaten to stop the highly profitable permanent war against it, but spike the longest pretext for US war and military domination now moving through Ukraine.The free internet commons cannot be gagged for telling the truth. Freedom of speech in the US cannot be openly stopped without fatal loss of legitimacy of rule.So the rest follows. All the non-corporate and non-profit messages from the critical sites on the internet commons which are speaking against the US war state inside are now vilified as  fake news . A third, unofficial protagonist has entered the battle with no private profit or career motive or corporate boss to serve and a wealth of proven professional knowledge and talent at work. It has to be denounced to sustain the big lies of the ruling money-war game which is in deepening crises and conflicts all the way to the unprecedented US President-Press civil war.The Harvard Proclamation of a New Memory HoleThe innermost fount of US ideology and war, Harvard University, has now stepped in. It is officially naming and denouncing US-critical internet sites for  fake news .Not even the medieval Church went so far in its Index Librorum Prohibitorum of prohibited writings. It was at least innocent of scientific method and openly declared its dogmas. Not Harvard.Underneath notice, all the sites it attacks are internet commons, and none are financed by private corporate donors and captive institutions while Harvard and the corporate media are. This is the real battle agenda underneath, the long war  to privatize the news for profit as everything else with anti-establishment internet criticism now the target.In the background, Harvard University has long propagated an unexamined academic method. It normally cuts off any faculty or learned source of opposition to the private corporate rule of America and the wars of aggression to impose it on the world.  Accordingly, the underling grand narrative equations of the US is Good and the designated Enemy is Evil is not questioned. It is presupposed. Malevolent motives are always assumed of the designated Enemy, down to Harvard-produced geostrategic economic and war models. So when a host of internet commons sites challenge the grand narrative framework, Harvard and satellites denounce them to stop people reading them. A long list of critical sites is accused without criteria, proof or evidence as all spreaders of  fake news .What is not recognised here is that only on the internet commons can the process of truth be free from ruling pressures to control message for external sponsors.Here there is no commercial-profit condition to speak and write, and no livelihood dependence on private profit. There is no inducement to avoid life-and-death issues in academic obfuscation or ad-vehicle style. Internet authors not on the payroll can be free of the game of all games behind the scenes   enriching the rich further with no life-coherent criterion of truth.These underlying conditions of the internet commons and free speech itself cannot be recognised by the academy or the corporate press without undercutting their proclaimed status as the only legitimate founts of truth. The internet commons is a new world of competitive capacities to research, understand and disseminate not bound by private money patronage (as over centuries in Harvard University).When challenged in this way, Harvard (and the official press) are set back on their heels. They cannot think the facts through because their instituted presumptions have long been what they must presuppose and not question to acquire their credentials and pay for public speech. They must attack what calls all this into question if it effectively speaks truth to power to expose or de-legitimate the ruling system narrative as false. Harvard and the US press thus follow the reigning method of reverse projection. They accuse the effective opposition of  fake news .The most revealing fact here is that Harvard authority as other academic administrations proceed in name-calling without any valid argument or demonstration   the very basis of reasonable conclusion. Yet this is such a long tradition of presumptive accusation allowed against anyone designated as the Enemy, and anyone else exposing the falsehood of the ruling US story of moral superiority over all others and God s blessing to lead the world by force or money.This is why only dissenting sites from the official storyline of US freedom and rightness in all things are accused as  fake news . Accusation of opposing positions is so well-worn into conditioned brains that endless repetition locks it in as self-evident. This is why attributions of vile motive are automatic from Harvard or the New York Times for any outside leader opposing US interference in their countries including elections. US hypocrisy here is staggering, but unreported. In fact, Harvard s life-blind elite of war criminal geo-strategists, economic modellers and so on are fawned upon within the wider corporate rule they serve.None can engage critical facts and thought challenging the US moral superiority assumptions because they have never been required to consider them. So they denounce them as once the Church denounced apostasy.In the end, US system worship is a war-state religion. It eliminates all enemies to its right to rule. Its globalizing system institutes the market laws of God. War crimes are God-blessed justice.Freedom of Speech, the Process of Truth, and the US ConstitutionLed by senior academics, journalists and technical expertise, the internet commons provide for the first time impartial witness and free speech open to public examination and circulation across borders. They are free from corporate-rank dictate and private copy-right control.In consequence, the internet commons are liberated from private corporate profit as controlling goal. Those who know what they are talking about can speak truth to dogma and power without words to appease editors, business boards and ad revenues. Truth itself is not defined, but its principle of process is a more inclusively consistent taking into account towards life-coherent conclusionDespite Google black-holing of radical legal facts, CIA penetration of Wikipedia, and so on, the internet commons  freedom of speech is far beyond anything guaranteed in the US constitution. In fact, the  sacred US Constitution  that all presidents give oath to  preserve, protect and defend  guarantees in the end only freedom of public speech to private money demand.Long before the Supreme Court s 2010 decision reverse-titled as  Citizens United , the US constitution was structured to one overriding end   to remove prior limits to private-money right over all else,including to begin, the rule of British law and  the lands of the first nations West of the Appalachians.This is why no common life interest exists in the US Constitution from the start. People s universal human life necessities of water, food, protection and liveable environment are ruled out a-priori.  This is why civil rights themselves were first federally enforced by the  commerce clause  protecting freedom of commercial bus passengers including blacks to cross borders.It is also why the Fourteenth Amendment to protect the equal rights of freed slaves ended up being the legal basis for private-profit corporations and wealthy funds to acquire the constitutional rights of living persons (e.g., to freedom of speech for big money to buy elections and to avoid government access to financial records).Even the iconic rights of  life, liberty and happiness  turn out to be in fact only private market rightswhich allow corporate  fictive persons  to unlimited money wealth, protection against public redistribution, and the freedom of private wealth alone to  speak to America by buying corporate self promotions and election attack ads.The US Constitution fix goes all the way back to 1787. As professor of constitutional law at Chicago s iconic Kent College of Law, Matthew Stanton, explains in personal correspondence: [The fix] goes all the way back to the 1787 coup where the 39 signatories to the Constitution sequestered themselves in a Philadelphia meeting house, with locked doors and shuttered windows, to ostensibly make adjustments to the Articles of Confederation, but instead delivered an entirely new document that enabled creating a federal system centralizing control of the economy by  propertied wealth .Russia the Enemy: the Deus ex Machina of Fake NewsWe may recall that the corporate-press and Wall-Street-enriched candidate for the presidency, Hillary Clinton, started the accusation of  fake news  to explain her defeat. As establishment mask of the politically correct masses with the money-war party as her paymaster, Clinton blamed her fall in the 2016 US election on the new enemy she saw arising against the official story and herself. When the  glass mirror  story line did not take, she joined forces with the corporate media on another plane.  Fake news  misled Americans. The New York Times, the Washington Post, the TV Networks, and other establishment tale tellers saw pay-dirt far beyond Clinton s failed bid for president.In fact, the corporate mass media were losing marketability by the escalating appeal of free social media. The once all-powerful press propaganda system has been increasingly deserted. The  fake news  story provided a media base to condemn free internet news and commentary as immoral. The 2016 election became the leverage for a big market grab back.Very soon it was not just  fake news  to spike news cycles and subscriptions. War as peace and corporate globalization as freedom found its long place of rule   the enemy of Russia to blame. Now the news can be that Russia hacked and attacked the lost 2016 election. Russia may be a hollowed-out shell by global corporate and oligarch dispossession. But it can still continue as pretext for US-NATO war crimes and aggression reverse-blamed on it. As the European breadbasket and newly discovered fossil-fuel rich nation, Ukraine is a very big prize. Now in Ukraine s US-led coup aftermath and ethnic civil war, evil Russia can be an ace card again to accuse for attacking the US election.Since Russia led by Putin is drawing the line as in Crimea to support the Russia-speaking region against US-led war crimes under international law (documented in previous articles), all roads connect.  Russia s uncontrolled aggression  is  reverse-projected onto the victim again in  a glorious new use. Reverse blame it  for interference in the US election of Trump and kill Russia-US peace initiatives at the same time. No fact is required to verify the accusation, and no law broken is needed to insinuate treason of whoever relates with Russia s officials in peace initiative. It can work even against an elected US president.At the same time, the US s own record attacking other nations  elections and societies is thereby erased as well   continually orchestrating mass-murder and dictatorship to sabotage the electoral process from Vietnam and Chile to Ukraine in 2010 and Latin America social democracies since.If it were a story of reverse projection by a mass-murderous psychopath, it would be too much to believe. Yet it now runs the US news cycle as the big story unfolding with no evidence of US illegality, force, or non-compliance with international law. The accusations run by themselves in US media culture and across the empire. So as 2017 Spring breaks, endless media insinuations of treason seep into the populace from corporate media sites across borders with backrooms and Congress setting up for another presidential inquisition.It is interesting to observe two precedents. Past inquisitions were unfolded soon after Bill Clinton said in India,  it s time to level up rather than down in global trade  and Richard Nixon founded the Environmental Protections Agency, stopped corporations from outsourcing US jobs, and made peace with China as Trump sought with Russia.The ludicrous hypocrisy, factual vacuum, and war-drums of blame-the-enemy go into high-volume operation again, led by an attack-dog media against the elected US president whose only action has been to have business-like relations with Russia. Few observe the immense stakes of the US media and war establishments in this process. Cui bono?   who benefits?   is the question never asked Continue this article at Global ResearchREAD MORE ABOUT FAKE NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Fake News Files",0
22932,SUNDAY SCREENING: ‘Air America: The CIA’s Secret Airline’ (2000),"Our weekly documentary film, curated by our editorial team at 21WIRE. EDITORS NOTE: At times, this film might sanitise the CIA infamous operation in Southeast Asia, just short of glorifying it, but the detail and over view of this piece of history is extremely education   especially when you consider how similar operations are doing the exact same operation in Turkey, Pakistan and Yemen. From its origins with the legendary Flying Tigers of WWII to the final days of the Vietnam War, the covert program of Air America is one of the most clandestine operations in CIA history. Watch: SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERE",0
22933,"Collapsing: Why the ‘Russia Hack’ Witch Hunt Will Not End Well for Congress, or America","21st Century Wire says Washington s Russian witch hunt is now collapsing before our eyes. As host Patrick Henningsen revealed last Wednesday on ACR Radio, the supposedly damning information submitted by the FBI s private  cyber security  contractor Crowdstrike, of which the entire  Russian Hack  conspiracy theory hinges on   is fraudulent. Here is a link to their primary invented piece of  evidence  included in the US Intelligence Assessment. This means that we were correct back on Nov 1st when we said the Russian Hack story was a hoax designed distract from the explosive contents on the DNC and Podesta email leaks, and also to bolster a failing Hillary Clinton campaign by discrediting Donald Trump as being somehow in league with the evil Russians.If they keep pressing this story, it will only hurt the credibility of a Democratic Party that still refuses to admit the abject failures and corruption within of their political organization.Now the question remains: how more millions in US taxpayer money will Hollywood s Congressman Adam Schiff, and ringleaders Lindsey Graham waste before they re done trying to  look tough  on Russia and Trump? Will they be held accountable by anyone?In the end, we discover that Schiff, Feinstein, Graham, McCain and so many others in Washington have done extreme damage to American interests, and in the long run   to national security. Here s the story  US Congressman and NeoMcCarthyite Adam Schiff has himself become a ridiculous-looking caricature as of late. Justin Raimondo Antiwar.comThe allegation   now accepted as incontrovertible fact by the  mainstream  media   that the Russian intelligence services hacked the Democratic National Committee (and John Podesta s emails) in an effort to help Donald Trump get elected recently suffered a blow from which it may not recover.Crowdstrike is the cybersecurity company hired by the DNC to determine who hacked their accounts: it took them a single day to determine the identity of the culprits   it was, they said, two groups of hackers which they named  Fancy Bear  and  Cozy Bear,  affiliated respectively with the GRU, which is Russian military intelligence, and the FSB, the Russian security service.How did they know this?These alleged  hacker groups  are not associated with any known individuals in any way connected to Russian intelligence: instead, they are identified by the tools they use, the times they do their dirty work, the nature of the targets, and other characteristics based on the history of past intrusions.Yet as Jeffrey Carr and other cyberwarfare experts have pointed out, this methodology is fatally flawed.  It s important to know that the process of attributing an attack by a cybersecurity company has nothing to do with the scientific method,  writes Carr: Claims of attribution aren t testable or repeatable because the hypothesis is never proven right or wrong. Neither are claims of attribution admissible in any criminal case, so those who make the claim don t have to abide by any rules of evidence (i.e., hearsay, relevance, admissibility). Likening attribution claims of hacking incidents by cybersecurity companies to intelligence assessments, Carr notes that, unlike government agencies such the CIA, these companies are never held to account for their misses: When it comes to cybersecurity estimates of attribution, no one holds the company that makes the claim accountable because there s no way to prove whether the assignment of attribution is true or false unless (1) there is a criminal conviction, (2) the hacker is caught in the act, or (3) a government employee leaked the evidence. This lack of accountability may be changing, however, because Crowdstrike s case for attributing the hacking of the DNC to the Russians is falling apart at the seams like a cheap sweater.To begin with, Crowdstrike initially gauged its certainty as to the identity of the hackers with  medium confidence.  However, a later development, announced in late December and touted by the Washington Post, boosted this to  high confidence.  The reason for this newfound near-certainty was their discovery that  Fancy Bear  had also infected an application used by the Ukrainian military to target separatist artillery in the Ukrainian civil war. As the Post reported: While CrowdStrike, which was hired by the DNC to investigate the intrusions and whose findings are described in a new report, had always suspected that one of the two hacker groups that struck the DNC was the GRU, Russia s military intelligence agency, it had only medium confidence. Now, said CrowdStrike co-founder Dmitri Alperovitch,  we have high confidence  it was a unit of the GRU. CrowdStrike had dubbed that unit  Fancy Bear. Crowdstrike published an analysis that claimed a malware program supposedly unique to Fancy Bear, X-Agent, had infected a Ukrainian targeting application and, using GPS to geo-locate Ukrainian positions, had turned the application against the Ukrainians, resulting in huge losses: Between July and August 2014, Russian-backed forces launched some of the most-decisive attacks against Ukrainian forces, resulting in significant loss of life, weaponry and territory. Ukrainian artillery forces have lost over 50% of their weapons in the two years of conflict and over 80% of D-30 howitzers, the highest percentage of loss of any other artillery pieces in Ukraine s arsenal. Alperovitch told the PBS News Hour that  Ukraine s artillery men were targeted by the same hackers, that we call Fancy Bear, that targeted DNC, but this time they were targeting cell phones to try to understand their location so that the Russian artillery forces can actually target them in the open battle. It was the same variant of the same malicious code that we had seen at the DNC. He told NBC News that this proved the DNC hacker  wasn t a 400-pound guy in his bed,  as Trump had opined during the first presidential debate   it was the Russians.The only problem with this analysis is that is wasn t true. It turns out that Crowdstrike s estimate of Ukrainian losses was based on a blog post by a pro-Russian blogger eager to tout Ukrainian losses: the Ukrainians denied it. Furthermore, the hacking attribution was based on the hackers  use of a malware program called X-Agent, supposedly unique to Fancy Bear. Since the target was the Ukrainian military, Crowdstrike extrapolated from this that the hackers were working for the Russians.All somewhat plausible, except for two things: To begin with, as Jeffrey Carr pointed out in December, and now others are beginning to realize, X-Agent isn t unique to Fancy Bear. Citing the findings of ESET, another cybersecurity company, he wrote: Unlike Crowdstrike, ESET doesn t assign APT28/Fancy Bear/Sednit to a Russian Intelligence Service or anyone else for a very simple reason. Once malware is deployed, it is no longer under the control of the hacker who deployed it or the developer who created it. It can be reverse-engineered, copied, modified, shared and redeployed again and again by anyone. In other words     malware deployed is malware enjoyed! In fact, the source code for X-Agent, which was used in the DNC, Bundestag, and TV5Monde attacks, was obtained by ESET as part of their investigation! During our investigations, we were able to retrieve the complete Xagent source code for the Linux operating system . If ESET could do it, so can others. It is both foolish and baseless to claim, as Crowdstrike does, that X-Agent is used solely by the Russian government when the source code is there for anyone to find and use at will. Secondly, the estimate Crowdstrike used to verify the Ukrainian losses was supposedly based on data from the respected International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS). But now IISS is disavowing and debunking their claims: [T]he International Institute for Strategic Studies (IISS) told [Voice of America] that CrowdStrike erroneously used IISS data as proof of the intrusion. IISS disavowed any connection to the CrowdStrike report. Ukraine s Ministry of Defense also has claimed combat losses and hacking never happened . The CrowdStrike report uses our data, but the inferences and analysis drawn from that data belong solely to the report s authors,  the IISS said.  The inference they make that reductions in Ukrainian D-30 artillery holdings between 2013 and 2016 were primarily the result of combat losses is not a conclusion that we have ever suggested ourselves, nor one we believe to be accurate. One of the IISS researchers who produced the data said that while the think tank had dramatically lowered its estimates of Ukrainian artillery assets and howitzers in 2013, it did so as part of a  reassessment  and reallocation of units to airborne forces. No, we have never attributed this reduction to combat losses,  the IISS researcher said, explaining that most of the reallocation occurred prior to the two-year period that CrowdStrike cites in its report. The vast majority of the reduction actually occurs   before Crimea/Donbass,  he added, referring to the 2014 Russian invasion of Ukraine. The definitive  evidence  cited by Alperovitch is now effectively debunked: indeed, it was debunked by Carr late last year, but that was ignored in the media s rush to  prove  the Russians hacked the DNC in order to further Trump s presidential ambitions. The exposure by the Voice of America of Crowdstrike s falsification of Ukrainian battlefield losses   the supposedly solid  proof  of attributing the hack to the GRU   is the final nail in Crowdstrike s coffin Continue this story at Antiwar.comREAD MORE RUSSIAN HACK NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russian Hack FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE    SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV ",0
22934,Boiler Room #102 – Tales From The Black Pill,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Funk Soul, Stewart Howe (ACR/21WIRE contributor) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and second episode of BOILER ROOM. Turn it up, tune in and hang with the ACR Brain-Trust for this weeks boil downs and analysis on the London terror events, proof that the sad failure of identity politics that can and does lead young people to an early death, the voracity of Dr. Phil s alleged expos  on systemic pedophile rings in the circles of powerful elites and the usual gnashing of the teeth of the political animals in the social reject club.Listen to  Boiler Room #102   Tales From The Black Pill  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #102Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22935,Elite Nazi-allied Order From Hungary Claims Trump Adviser Sebastian Gorka Is Sworn Member,"Lili Bayer and Larry Cohler-Esses HaaretzSebastian Gorka, President Trump s top counter-terrorism adviser, is a formal member of a Hungarian far-right group that is listed by the U.S. State Department as having been  under the direction of the Nazi Government of Germany  during World War II, leaders of the organization have told the Forward.The elite order, known as the Vit zi Rend, was established as a loyalist group by Admiral Miklos Horthy, who ruled Hungary as a staunch nationalist from 1920 to October 1944. A self-confessed anti-Semite, Horthy imposed restrictive Jewish laws prior to World War II and collaborated with Hitler during the conflict. His cooperation with the Nazi regime included the deportation of hundreds of thousands of Jews into Nazi hands. STRANGE CHARACTER: People are now questioning why Trump hired bizarre Hungarian author as his  terrorism  expert.Gorka s membership in the organization   if these Vit zi Rend leaders are correct, and if Gorka did not disclose this when he entered the United States as an immigrant   could have implications for his immigration status. The State Department s Foreign Affairs Manual specifies that members of the Vit zi Rend  are presumed to be inadmissible  to the country under the Immigration and Nationality Act.Gorka   who Vit zi Rend leaders say took a lifelong oath of loyalty to their group   did not respond to multiple emails sent to his work and personal accounts, asking whether he is a member of the Vit zi Rend and, if so, whether he disclosed this on his immigration application and on his application to be naturalized as a U.S. citizen in 2012. The White House also did not respond to a request for comment.Continue this story at HaaretzREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22936,Russian Street Preacher vs. American Students,"21st Century Wire says Here s some intense debate.Yesterday afternoon, Stuart J. Hooper ran into the Russian Street Preacher, Brother Mikhail, on the campus of the University of New Mexico.Brother Mikhail was giving somewhat of an explosive sermon outside of the student union building, and sat down with Stuart to discuss his philosophy, thoughts on President Trump and Hillary Clinton.Check out everything that happened right here: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22937,Trump Was Right: Latest Arrests Prove Threats to Jewish Centers in US Were False Flags," J.R. Smith 21st Century WireFor the last two months, the US media has continued to ramp-up the alleged  alarming trend  of hate crimes against Jewish institutions and sites in America. On March 13th, CNN ran the headline,  Jewish Center Bomb Threats Top 100; Kids Pulled from Schools.  Clearly, media outlets like CNN were pushing a sensational, fear-based narrative, and propagating the idea that there is a  crisis .Initially, Donald Trump expressed skepticism about the rather bizarre and completely spontaneous spike in reports of attacks and threats to Jewish facilities in the US, suggesting in late February that the threats were being done to make others look bad,  inferring that this string of events might be a false flag. Predictably, Trump was roundly attacked for questioning the anti-Semitic narrative.It turns out, that Trump was very likely correct. On Thursday, a 19 yr-old US-Israeli dual citizen was arrested by Israeli police  in conjunction with an ongoing FBI investigation into the supposed wave of threats made to Jewish communities and institutions in the United States, as well as in several other countries over the past few months. So far, the suspect is said to be behind the majority of the threats   and used cyber-camouflage software to conceal his identity while carrying out his erroneous false flag actions. Also, according to an Israeli government official, the suspect s father has also been arrested on the same charges   indicating this was a coordinated, organized effort.The Israeli father and son duo were not the only party in on this  trend either. Earlier this month we learned also that the FBI had arrested a former journalist, Juan Thompson, who the bureau say was behind at least eight cases.  Authorities described his menacing calls as part of his campaign to harass a woman,  said the Washington Post. The Williams case was almost invisible in the US mainstream media who seems to have collectively opted not to give this, or any other related revelations, a fraction of the oxygen which it originally gave the slew of alleged  hate crimes. Arrested: Andrew McClintonIf anyone should be skeptical of false flag hate crimes, it s Trump. During, and after the US election, a string of faked  hate crimes  were carried out and eventually exposed as fake incidents   all designed to discredit Donald Trump and his supporters. The worst of these was a fake  racist  attack on a church in Greenville, Mississippi which was burned down, with the words  Vote Trump  spray-painted on the wall. Pro-Clinton news outlets all loudly ran the story without questioning its merit or its timing. The media bought it, of course, but it was later revealed that the incident was a false flag   staged just days before the November election. The arsonist turned out to be an African-American and de facto Hillary Clinton supporter, Andrew McClinton of Leland, Mississippi.In addition to the fake church attack, liberal and Democratic Party supporters and media operatives also promoted astring of fake hate crimes against Muslims, including a fabricated a story in Lafayette, Louisiana, where a Muslim woman lied to police about being attacked and having her hijab ripped off, and a similar fabricated story by another Muslim woman in New York who made up a fake hate crime  on subway. In both instances, the media, eager to use these dubious stories in order to inflict political damage against Trump, ran gleefully with the story.One cannot calculate the real damage done to trust between communities and faith and ethnic relations, as a result of all of these fake hate crime stunts and their initial media coverageTrump surrogate Anthony Scaramucci echoed the President s suspicion of the sudden spate of threats to Jewish sites in the US:It's not yet clear who the #JCC offenders are. Don't forget @TheDemocrats effort to incite violence at Trump rallies https://t.co/uTBFGhI0Kh  Anthony Scaramucci (@Scaramucci) February 28, 2017Like the President, his former advisor Scaramucci was castigated by a number of media outlets who had adopted the Jewish alarmist narrative of events. Not surprisingly, the pro-Israel, anti-Russian and unofficial NATO mouthpiece, The Daily Beast and its writer Gideon Resnik, helped advance accusations of anti-Semitism against the US President: After a slew of bomb threats forced evacuations at Jewish community centers and schools in 11 states on Monday, President Trump reportedly suggested that the threats may have been done to  make others look bad. Unfortunately, this recent denial fits in with a clear pattern that we have seen from Trump, which includes dismissing Jewish reporters asking about violence, refusing to include a reference to Jews  suffering in the White House s official statement on Holocaust Remembrance Day, failing to denounce David Duke, tweeting Anti-Semitic imagery, and elevating white nationalist Steve Bannon as his top advisor,  DNC spokesperson Eric Walker said.It wasn t long before the notoriously reactionary Anti-Defamation League (ADL) weighed in: Jonathan Greenblatt, the CEO of the Anti-Defamation League, responded by saying: We are astonished by what the President reportedly said. It is incumbent upon the White House to immediately clarify these remarks. This talking point reached a crescendo just in time for President Donald Trump s March 14th speech to Congress, when The Lobby dispatched Pennsylvania Attorney General Josh Shapiro to the White House to try and press Trump just two days after a Jewish cemetery was vandalized in Philadelphia, and a week after a Jewish cemetery in St. Louis was ransacked (in both cases, police had not made any arrests, so it is unknown who did these incidents, or why they did it).In the hysterical atmosphere created in part by the media s amplification of this alleged  hate trend  and under direct pressure from The Lobby, it appeared that at the last minute Trump was made to inject the Jewish alarmist talking point at the beginning of his address to the Joint Session on national TV. Trump proclaimed the recent threats against Jewish community centers acts of hate and evil,  but the insertion of this talking point seemed highly awkward.Still not content with the President s clear patronage of the issue, the Anne Frank Center jumped on the anti-Semitism bandwagon, with its head Steven Goldstein stating afterwards: The president didn t say exactly what he would do to fight anti-Semitism   how he could have stayed so vague?  We ve endured weeks of anti-Semitic attacks across America and we didn t hear a single proposal from the president tonight to stop them,  Goldstein said. All of this smacked of political opportunism by the ADL and its affiliates. But the core failure in all of these stories is the fact that no one working in any of these mainstream broadcast networks had dared question the narrative. Rather than actually doing what their job supposedly is   investigating the facts and providing a healthy level of skepticism of politically motivated events and  trends  that supposedly spring up out of nowhere   they all simply repeated what was on the memo.So after all that spinning, it turns out the Donald Trump may be correct   and the media, the ADL, the Southern Poverty Law Center, the Anne Frank Center and every other mouthpiece for the Israeli Lobby   were all wrong on this issue. Regarding this week s arrest of the 19 yr-old Israeli man, the Washington Post adds:The FBI handed over the information to the Israel police after finding these threats had originated from Israel, Haaretz reported. The investigation began in several countries simultaneously after dozens of threatening calls were received at public places, events, synagogues and community buildings that caused panic and disrupted events and activities in various organizations,  the Israel police said in a statement. The result of the threats made by the suspect had caused damage to the communities and to their security and in one case when threats were made by the suspect, caused an airline to make an emergency landing. The Israel police said the suspect had used advanced camouflage technologies when contacting the institutions and making those threats. The youth s computers were seized and he was brought in for arraignment before an Israeli court.Maybe the media should be more careful before jumping to conclusions about WHO is responsible for events that suddenly appear in our news feeds. That includes jumping to conclusions about the ever popular talking point of  ISIS-inspired terror attacks in the US, UK, France, and Germany. More often than not, all is not what it seems.READ MORE ISRAEL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Israel FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22938,Media Links Domestic Drone Surveillance to Trump with ZERO Evidence,"21st Century Wire says This is why nobody takes the mainstream media seriously.Foreign Policy has released a new article hyping up the dangers of mass surveillance, specifically talking about the relatively unknown National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. It talks of the potential for drones to be able to track the movements of every person in a city, and 90% of the article is solely concerned with generating fear.Then, in literally the final two paragraphs the author links the fear and problems, which they have just spent the previous twelve paragraphs hyping up, saying that Trump could use these systems against,  innocent American citizens . This is not journalism.Stuart J. Hooper examines the propaganda piece in the following video, and also discusses which candidate Foreign Policy supported during the election. Can you guess who it was? READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22939,"Shaquille O’Neal: “The Earth is flat. Yes, it is.”","21st Century Wire says No, it is not.Retired basketball megastar Shaquille O Neal has stated that he believes the world is flat.Stuart J. Hooper explains the reasoning Shaq uses to support his claim, and asks if the flat Earth theory has been planted into the alternative news community to discredit the legitimate work that it is doing.Watch the video report here: SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22940,Billionaire ‘Bilderberger’ David Rockefeller dead at 101," The Trilateral Commission is international and is intended to be the vehicle for multinational consolidation of the commercial and banking interests by seizing control of the political government of the United States. The Trilateral Commission represents a skillful, coordinated effort to seize control and consolidate the four centers of power   political, monetary, intellectual and ecclesiastical.      Senator Barry Goldwater, from his book  With No Apologies 21st Century Wire says Controversial globalist and banker David Rockefeller has died at 101 years of age.Rockefeller has been described as a philanthropist and banker, yet much of his legacy will forever be tied to the creation of the well-known think-tank the Council on Foreign Relations, The Trilateral Commission and his central role on the steering committee for the secretive Bilderberg Group established in 1954.The Bilderberg Group has often been passed off as an insignificant gathering of corporate CEO s, barons of oil, government top brass and royalty   most mainstream outlets still continue to mask the group s influence on foreign policy and world finance   but thankfully their exploits have been slowly uncovered with each passing year, as the list of attendees seem to change and grow with each new conference location.For those who still doubt there s a hidden element directing global interests, one only needs to look into the high-powered pursuits of Bilderberg attendees that have been linked to creating a multi-national sovereignty override through many transnational corporations with world trade partnerships like the Transatlantic partnership (TTIP) and Transpacific partnership (TPP), which now excludes the US via an executive order from Donald Trump.The following passage is from the NY Times: He spent his life in the club of the ruling class and was loyal to members of the club, no matter what they did,  The New York Times columnist David Brooks wrote in 2002, citing the profitable deals Mr. Rockefeller had cut with  oil-rich dictators,   Soviet party bosses  and  Chinese perpetrators of the Cultural Revolution. There was also an immense sphere of influence held by various power-hungry groups such as The Trilateral Commission, brought to fruition in 1973 by David Rockefeller and perennial foreign policy advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski. The Commission was also joined by fellow Bilderberg attendee and longtime policy advisor Henry Kissinger. Contrary to what most people think   the vast majority of The Trilateral Commission s members have been from countries outside of America.Rockefeller, like George Soros, is ultimately tied to globalism and vast social engineering programs.More from RT below  (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Billionaire banker David Rockefeller dies aged 101RTRockefeller died in his sleep at home in Pocantico Hills, New York, on Monday morning as a result of congestive heart failure, according to a family spokesperson Fraser P. Seitel.The businessman, who had an estimated fortune of $3 billion, retired as head of Chase Manhattan in 1981 after a 35-year career.In the statement from the The Rockefeller Foundation confirming his death, Rockefeller was described as  one of the most influential figures in the history of American philanthropy and finance, considered by many to be  America s last great international business statesman .   Rockefeller, also known as  the banker s banker , according to the statement, is said to have donated almost $2 billion over his lifetime to various institutions including Rockefeller University, Harvard University and art museum.David was the youngest of six children born to John D. Rockefeller Jr. and the grandson of Standard Oil co-founder John D. Rockefeller.Rockefeller graduated from Harvard in 1936 and received a doctorate in economics from the University of Chicago in 1940. Appointed president of Chase Manhattan in 1961, he became chairman and CEO eight years later.RT continues here READ MORE ON SOCIAL ENGINEERING: 21st Century Wire Social Engineering FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22941,What Is Going On With The Secret Service?,"21st Century Wire says This is a string of disturbing stories.Over just the past week or so, the floor plans to Trump Tower were stolen from the car of a Secret Service agent, an intruder was loose on the grounds of the Whitehouse for 16 minutes before being arrested, and a driver approached a Whitehouse checkpoint and claimed he had a bomb in his vehicle.Stuart J. Hooper asks why these events are occurring in the following video report, he considers if the Secret Service itself is compromised or if the hysterical environment in which we find ourselves is leading to an influx of people attempting to harm Trump.Watch the video here: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22942,Why Has Donald Trump Abandoned the Foreign Policy That Won Him the Election?,"21st Century Wire says President Trump is drifting further into Neoconservative land, and very soon there will be no turning back.Although you wouldn t know it from the US media blackout   the US has quietly deployed upwards of 4,000 combat troops in Syria   in total violation of both US and international law.Upon closer examination, however, Trump s foreign policy is fast resembling Israel s foreign policy.This is exactly what candidate Trump promised he wouldn t do  Doug Bandow The National InterestCandidate Donald Trump offered a sharp break from his predecessors. He was particularly critical of neoconservatives, who seemed to back war at every turn.Indeed, he promised not to include in his administration  those who have perfect resumes but very little to brag about except responsibility for a long history of failed policies and continued losses at war.  And he s generally kept that commitment, for instance rejecting as deputy secretary of state Elliot Abrams, who said Trump was unfit to be president.Substantively candidate Trump appeared to offer not so much a philosophy as an inclination. Practical if not exactly realist, he cared more for consequences than his three immediate predecessors, who had treated wars as moral crusades in Somalia, the Balkans, Afghanistan, Iraq, Libya and Syria. In contrast, Trump promised:  unlike other candidates for the presidency, war and aggression will not be my first instinct. Yet so far the Trump administration is shaping up as a disappointment for those who hoped for a break from the liberal interventionist/neoconservative synthesis.The first problem is staffing. In Washington people are policy. The president can speak and tweet, but he needs others to turn ideas into reality and implement his directives. It doesn t appear that he has any foreign policy realists around him, or anyone with a restrained view of America s international responsibilities.Rex Tillerson, James Mattis and H. R. McMaster are all serious and talented, and none are neocons. But all seem inclined toward traditional foreign policy approaches and committed to moderating their boss s unconventional thoughts. Most of the names mentioned for deputy secretary of state have been reliably hawkish, or some combination of hawk and centrist Abrams, John Bolton, the rewired Jon Huntsman Continue this story at The National InterestREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22943,"Trump, Liberal Hypocrisy & Humanity’s Future","21st Century Wire says Here s an epic discussion for your Sunday afternoon.Last week, Stuart J. Hooper travelled to Los Angeles and met with YouTube star Hamish  The Illusion  Patterson; who holds a particularly interesting view on reality.The two also had an epic discussion on the current state of politics, hidden technology, our future on Mars, and the hypocrisy of so-called liberals protesting against Trump who had no problem at all with what Obama was doing, like sending Libya back to the stone age, in the past eight years.Check out the full discussion here: You can follow Hamish on Youtube, Facebook and Instagram.SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22944,Trump’s Awkward First Date with Frau Merkel,"21st Century Wire says It was an awkward fit of nerves when Donald met Angela  During an interview in October 2015, when asked about Chancellor Merkel s open door refugee policy, Trump famously replied,  I always thought Merkel was, like, this great leader  What she s done in Germany is insane,  before adding,  They re going to have riots in Germany. This was followed by a number of other disparaging remarks, including the obligatory Twitter rant from then candidate Trump:I told you @TIME Magazine would never pick me as person of the year despite being the big favorite They picked person who is ruining Germany  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 9, 2015It didn t end there either. In March 2016, when commenting on the Cologne New Year s Eve sexual assaults, Trump proceeded to blame Merkel.  The German people are going to riot. The German people are going to end up overthrowing this woman [Angela Merkel]. I don t know what the hell she is thinking. With so much bad water under the bridge, it s no wonder how at their press conference the normally bolshy Trump continued to appear sheepish in Merkel s presence   a far cry from the campaign trail Vaudeville atmosphere.It s the difference between campaigning and governing  READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22945,Secret Service Laptop Reportedly ‘Stolen’ had Trump Tower Layout and Clinton Email Probe Details,"21st Century Wire says A laptop was reportedly stolen from a Secret Service agent s vehicle in Brooklyn earlier today. The computer allegedly contained details surrounding the Hillary Clinton email probe, the layout to Trump Tower and other information vital to national security. In this age of America s new and improved trial by media format, you can expect a litany of unfounded accusations concerning the stolen Secret Service laptop.QUESTION: Who stands to benefit the most from the allegedly stolen laptop? And was it really stolen?More from the Daily News below . By Ellen Moynihan Rocco Parascandola A laptop computer containing floor plans for Trump Tower, information about the Hillary Clinton email investigation and other national security information was stolen from a Secret Service agent s vehicle in Brooklyn, police sources told the Daily News.Authorities have been frantically searching for the laptop since it was stolen Thursday morning   and are trying to determine if the thief knew what he was taking or randomly targeted the agent s vehicle.NYPD cops were assisting in the investigation but had scant information on exactly what s on the laptop, sources said. The Secret Service is very heavily involved and, citing national security, there s very little we have on our side,  a police source said.  It s a very big deal. There s data on there that s highly sensitive,  the source said.  They re scrambling like mad. Daily News continues here READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21WIRE Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22946,CLOAKED ORDER: Who’s Really Behind ‘New Authority’ for CIA Drone Strikes?,"21st Century Wire says Earlier this week, the mainstream media reported that the Trump administration granted the CIA a new  secret  authority broadening their ability to conduct drone strike operations against suspected terrorists. The new drone provision said to be without oversight from the Pentagon, was brought to our attention by  unnamed  sources published in the Wall Street Journal  But is this the full story?As big media rushed to condemn the Trump administration over the supposedly brand  new drone policy given to the CIA, the public has been left without a complete picture.While the new powers allowing the CIA to conduct larger-scale drone operations overseas should be of concern to the public   you have to wonder if it was truly issued by the Trump administration or already under place during the Obama administration.While it s no secret that Trump has openly discussed being tough on terror and might be involved with the CIA drone order in some capacity, we should also consider the fact that many Obama and Democratic Party loyalists would like nothing more than to paint the new president in a less than agreeable light, potentially looking to create a political tripwire to derail his first term.Over the past few years the Obama administration was said to be shifting more drone operations away from the CIA   but was that what really happened?In 2015, the NY Post published the following: President Obama secretly granted the Central Intelligence Agency more flexibility to conduct drone strikes targeting terror suspects in Pakistan than anywhere else in the world after approving more restrictive rules in 2013, according to a published report. The Wall Street Journal, citing current and former U.S. officials, reported that Obama approved a waiver exempting the CIA from proving that militants targeted in Pakistan posed an imminent threat to the U.S. In particular, the drone report outlined that while on the surface it appeared that Obama issued a directive to get rid of  signature strikes conducted by the CIA  many of the changes specified in the directive either haven t been implemented or have been works in progress. A signature strike can be conducted without presidential approval against any suspected militants.The NY Post then admitted that CIA had in fact a much broader latitude to target individuals under the Obama administration: The paper also reports that the CIA s Pakistan drone strike program was initially exempted from the  imminent threat  requirement until the end of U.S. and NATO combat operations in Afghanistan. The Bureau of Investigative Journalism reported the following drone statistics under Obama: Pakistan was the hub of drone operations during Obama s first term. The pace of attacks had accelerated in the second half of 2008 at the end of Bush s term, after four years pocked by occasional strikes. However in the year after taking office, Obama ordered more drone strikes than Bush did during his entire presidency. The 54 strikes in 2009 all took place in Pakistan.Strikes in the country peaked in 2010, with 128 CIA drone attacks and at least 89 civilians killed, at the same time US troop numbers surged in Afghanistan. Pakistan strikes have since fallen with just three conducted in the country last year. QUESTION: Is it possible that the CIA drone policy was just transferred from one administration to another?More from the Wall Street Journal below  (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton). By Gordon Lubold and Shane Harris Wall Street JournalPresident Donald Trump has given the Central Intelligence Agency secret new authority to conduct drone strikes against suspected terrorists, U.S. officials said, changing the Obama administration s policy of limiting the spy agency s paramilitary role and reopening a turf war between the agency and the Pentagon.The new authority, which hadn t been previously disclosed, represents a significant departure from a cooperative approach that had become standard practice by the end of former President Barack Obama s tenure: The CIA used drones and other intelligence resources to locate suspected terrorists and then the military conducted the actual strike. The U.S. drone strike that killed Taliban leader Mullah Mansour in May 2016 in Pakistan was the best example of that hybrid approach, U.S. officials said.The Wall Street Journal continues here READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22947,"BEYOND MISSION CREEP: U.S. Planning to Send 1,000 More Ground Troops into Syria"," Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireJust as 21WIRE reported last week   the US mainstream media are still black-balling any substantial reporting about US boots on the ground in Syria. Instead, America s media are obsessing over Trump s tax returns, various Russian conspiracy theories, and Michael Flynn s Moscow public speaking engagement in 2015. With this latest Pentagon announcement of an additional 1,000 US troops to Syria, that would bring the total combat deployment to approximately 4,000 inside of Syria.Considering the amount of media coverage and political debate over the 5,000 US military personnel send to Iraq over the last 3 years   one must ask why the silence in US media about the stealth build-up for a major battle in Raqqa, Syria.Previously, 21WIRE reported how the United States has sent in combat troops to support YPG fighters (Kurdish People s Protect Units in Syria)   much to the dismay of Turkey, and to the annoyance of both Russian and Syrian planners. Turkey has been pressing the US to change its strategy for fighting Islamic State in Syria by abandoning the YPG whom it deems as terrorists (in league with the Kurdish PKK in Turkey).The other aspect of this is being ignored by western media and their legion of panel  experts . There are a number of rival factions and militias being backed by the US besides the Syrian Democratic Forces (comprised of Kurdish YPG). the US-led Coalition have substantial investments in Sunni extremist (terrorist) fighting groups allied under the Al Nusra (al Qaeda in Syria) umbrella. Consider how back in late 2015, the US deployed 5o US Special Forces in Syria as  human shields    arguably to salvage its  rebels assets being ravaged by Russian airstrikes.After the Coalition s epic loss when Al Nusra-led brigades were driven out of terrorist stronghold in East Aleppo, one must ask if there an element of this in US positioning around Manbij and Raqqa?With so many stakeholders, the margin for error is extremely thin. The situation is fraught with risks for all parties. NOTE: This is taking place amid a political storm in Washington   as the entire Democratic Party, half the Republican Party and the whole of the US mainstream media are all trying to bring down the Trump Administration. If Raqqa is deemed a success, it will effectively give Trump a win. If it is deemed a disaster, then it will be used to fuel the anti-Trump resistance in the US. If the White House is too desperate for a win, then the prospect of a mistake or miscalculation becomes ever riskier. If a major world war is to be triggered   it could very well happen here. Clearly, the US and others are planning a massive operation to lay siege to Raqqa, the ISIS stronghold in Syria. However, if the other similar allied operation in Mosul, Iraq is anything to go by, then expect massive civilian  casualties in this battle too. The civilian carnage has been mostly censored from mainstream in the US and Europe, the  Coalition  are afraid of the negative public relations backlash in the event that western public received too much negative news about the haphazard operation in Mosul.  After early reports of massive civilian casualties in late 2016, it seems that the Pentagon have given the order to mainstream editorial desks to back off on negative reporting. How else can we explain how hundreds, and possibly thousands, of civilians killed in this month alone   has managed to escape any and all media scrutiny?To underline this matter, yesterday, Human Rights Watch issued two new reports accusing Iraqi troops of using indiscriminate shelling into civilian areas in the fight to liberate Mosul from ISIS control.Based these recent reports, it s becoming more clear that US-led Coalition is sacrificing civilians in their objective to target ISIS fighters.To make matters worse, ISIS, like Al Nusra terrorists in Aleppo, have been using Mosul civilians as human shields. The only difference in this comparison is that western media were condemning the Syrian and Russian militaries for their anti-terror operations in Aleppo, while giving a free pass to clear US Coalition atrocities against civilians in Mosul.Forget about any word from the US State Dept. either   as they run point on the cover-up: The other conversation which has been deemed off limits by US and western media   is the fact that this US deployment inside of Syria is completely illegal under every international law, as well as in total violation of the US Constitution. US were not invited by the Syrian government   therefore, like its fellow NATO member Turkey, the US has effectively invaded Syria.US involvement in Syria is now way past mission creep.More on more US troops in Syria from the Washington Post .  . Thomas Gibbons-Neff Washington PostThe U.S. military has drawn up early plans that would deploy up to 1,000 more troops into northern Syria in the coming weeks, expanding the American presence in the country ahead of the offensive on the Islamic State s de facto capital of Raqqa, according to U.S. defense officials familiar with the matter.The deployment, if approved by Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and President Trump, would potentially double the number of U.S. forces in Syria and increase the potential for direct U.S. combat involvement in a conflict that has been characterized by confusion and competing priorities among disparate forces.Trump, who charged former president Barack Obama with being weak on Syria, gave the Pentagon 30 days to prepare a new plan to counter the Islamic State, and Mattis submitted a broad outline to the White House at the end of February. Gen. Joseph Votel, head of U.S. Central Command, has been filling in more details for that outline, including by how much to increase the U.S. ground presence in Syria. Votel is set to forward his recommendations to Mattis by the end of the month, and the Pentagon secretary is likely to sign off on them, according to a defense official familiar with the deliberations.While the new contingent of U.S. troops would initially not play a combat role, they would be entering an increasingly complex and dangerous battlefield. In recent weeks, U.S. Army Rangers have been sent to the city of Manbij west of Raqqa to deter Russian, Turkish and Syrian opposition forces all operating in the area, while a Marine artillery battery recently deployed near Raqqa has already come under fire, according to a defense official with direct knowledge of their operations.The moves would also mark a departure from the Obama administration, which resisted committing more ground troops to Syria.The implementation of the proposed plan, however, relies on a number of variables that have yet to be determined, including how much to arm Kurdish and Arab troops on the ground, and what part regional actors, such as Turkey, might have in the Raqqa campaign Continue this story at The Washington PostREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22948,Boiler Room #101 – St. Patrick’s Cyber-pocalypse with John McAfee,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Funk Soul, Randy J & Stewart Howe (ACR/21WIRE contributors) and Andy Nowicki, author of Conspiracy, Compliance, Control & Defiance, for the hundred and first episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the crew.Tonight the gang has a surprise visit from former libertarian Presidential nominee hopeful and technology guru, John McAfee to discuss the significance of the Vault7 data dump, the ludicrous concept of  Russian hacks  on the DNC & 2016 Election, the utter loss of all privacy and the potential of cyber-false-flags in the new age of warfare.Listen to  Boiler Room #101   St. Patrick s Cyber-pocalypse with John McAfee  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #101Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22949,NEOCON FILES: The Kagans Are Back – Wars to Follow,"Consortium News Exclusive: The neocon royalty Kagans are counting on Democrats and liberals to be the foot soldiers in the new neocon campaign to push Republicans and President Trump into more  regime change  wars  Robert Perry Consortium News The Kagan family, America s neoconservative aristocracy, has reemerged having recovered from the letdown over not gaining its expected influence from the election of Hillary Clinton and from its loss of official power at the start of the Trump presidency.Back pontificating on prominent op-ed pages, the Family Kagan now is pushing for an expanded U.S. military invasion of Syria and baiting Republicans for not joining more enthusiastically in the anti-Russian witch hunt over Moscow s alleged help in electing Donald Trump.In a Washington Post op-ed on March 7, Robert Kagan (photo,left), a co-founder of the Project for the New American Century and a key architect of the Iraq War, jabbed at Republicans for serving as  Russia s accomplices after the fact  by not investigating more aggressively.Then, Frederick Kagan, director of the Critical Threats Project at the neocon American Enterprise Institute, and his wife, Kimberly Kagan, president of her own think tank, Institute for the Study of War, touted the idea of a bigger U.S. invasion of Syria in a Wall Street Journal op-ed on March 15.Yet, as much standing as the Kagans retain in Official Washington s world of think tanks and op-ed placements, they remain mostly outside the new Trump-era power centers looking in, although they seem to have detected a door being forced open.Still, a year ago, their prospects looked much brighter. They could pick from a large field of neocon-oriented Republican presidential contenders or   like Robert Kagan   they could support the establishment Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, whose  liberal interventionism  matched closely with neoconservatism, differing only slightly in the rationalizations used for justifying wars and more wars.There was also hope that a President Hillary Clinton would recognize how sympatico the liberal hawks and the neocons were by promoting Robert Kagan s neocon wife, Victoria Nuland (photo, left), from Assistant Secretary of State for European Affairs to Secretary of State.Then, there would have been a powerful momentum for both increasing the U.S. military intervention in Syria and escalating the New Cold War with Russia, putting  regime change  back on the agenda for those two countries. So, early last year, the possibilities seemed endless for the Family Kagan to flex their muscles and make lots of money.A Family BusinessAs I noted two years ago in an article entitled  A Family Business of Perpetual War :  Neoconservative pundit Robert Kagan and his wife, Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland, run a remarkable family business: she has sparked a hot war in Ukraine and helped launch Cold War II with Russia and he steps in to demand that Congress jack up military spending so America can meet these new security threats. This extraordinary husband-and-wife duo makes quite a one-two punch for the Military-Industrial Complex, an inside-outside team that creates the need for more military spending, applies political pressure to ensure higher appropriations, and watches as thankful weapons manufacturers lavish grants on like-minded hawkish Washington think tanks. Not only does the broader community of neoconservatives stand to benefit but so do other members of the Kagan clan, including Robert s brother Frederick at the American Enterprise Institute and his wife Kimberly, who runs her own shop called the Institute for the Study of War. But things didn t quite turn out as the Kagans had drawn them up. The neocon Republicans stumbled through the GOP primaries losing out to Donald Trump and then   after Hillary Clinton muscled aside Sen. Bernie Sanders to claim the Democratic nomination   she fumbled away the general election to Trump.After his surprising victory, Trump   for all his many shortcomings   recognized that the neocons were not his friends and mostly left them out in the cold. Nuland not only lost her politically appointed job as Assistant Secretary but resigned from the Foreign Service, too Continue this story at Consortium NewsREAD MORE NEOCON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire NeoCon FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22950,What?! John McCain says Rand Paul is “Working for Putin”,"21st Century Wire says The fake news continues.Today, John McCain accused Rand Paul of  working for Putin , because he objected to the expansion of NATO via the membership of Montenegro.In the following video, Stuart J. Hooper examines the other nefarious activities John McCain has been involved with and asks why anybody in their right mind would still vote for him? READ MORE ON  FAKE NEWS  AT: 21st Century Wire Fake News FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22951,Introducing: Hamish “The Illusion” Patterson,"21st Century Wire says Welcome to Spaceship Earth.This past week, Stuart J. Hooper took a trip to Los Angeles, California and got the chance to meet up with YouTube star Hamish  The Illusion  Patterson.The Illusion has made over 1,200 videos covering everything from current events, to the nature of the universe, and his journey through sobriety.In the coming days, look for a hour and a half long discussion with Stuart and Hamish covering the state of the world and current political events.In this initial video, The Illusion introduces his worldview and philosophy: You can follow Hamish on Youtube, Facebook and Instagram.SUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22952,EP #17: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Parallax Politics in DC’ with guest Daniel Faraci,"Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and globally at Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode #17 This week we cover MSNBC and Rachel Maddow s epic Geraldo Moment, along with more palace intrigue in Washington, as the House prepares for its much anticipated  Russian Hearings  starting next week. What does this mean for America s new President? We ll find out Tonight, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by political and international affairs analyst, Daniel Faraci, Director of Grassroots Political Consulting based in Washington DC, to discuss the latest issues, obstacles and political power struggles embroiling the Trump White House, as well as some potentially major foreign policy rifts emerging   as a result of additional US troops deployed inside of Syria this week, and also serious problems facing Saudi Arabia over their military operations in Yemen.Tonight we ll talk about what this means going forward in 2017. Listen Listen to  EP 17: Patrick Henningsen LIVE With Daniel Faraci  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 9pm to 10pm MST, post-drive time and after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22953,MSNBC #FakeNews Fail: Desperate Rachel Maddow Springs Trump’s Tax Trap,"This was Rachel Maddow s Geraldo Rivera moment. On Tuesday night the shrill MSNBC host baited audiences with an extended monologue, where she could be seen wringing her hands in anticipation of  the big one    a scene of hype and overindulgence by the media which was reminiscent of Geraldo Rivera  epic flop, Al Capone s Vaults which aired back in 1986.What followed was almost too ridiculous to comment on. This was mainstream media fake news at its absolute finest.Maddow shows up on air holding the cover pages of Donald Trump s 2005 federal income tax returns. The only problem was that it showed Trump paying more tax than most people   he paid $38 million in federal taxes on only $150 million in income that year   a higher rate than was paid by Bernie Sanders, Barack Obama, and even MSNBC itself.Newsbusters reports:  Wednesday afternoon, MSNBC s Rachel Maddow gave an interview to the Associated Press defending her actions following her epic fail regarding the tease and reveal of President Trump s 2005 tax returns by blaming viewers for overblowing the revelation. Maddow spoke to the AP s David Bauder (who, to be transparent, has frequently cited and quoted members of the MRC in the past) and, in Bauder s summation,  says that if people felt let down by her story about President Donald Trump s 2005 tax document it s more because of the weight of expectation than anything she did. Bauder noted how a tweet from her account 90 minutes prior to her show  set off a social media frenzy  and thus  expectations were sky high. It turns out that these  leaked  IRS papers were placed in the mailbox of none other than one of Hillary Clinton s anointed campaign journalists, Michael Cay Johnston   who, with the help of Amy Goodman at Democracy Now! last summer, promoted the accusation that then presidential candidate Trump has committed tax fraud. It appears that Johnston was so excited to be the first to get a hold of at least part of Trump s tax returns that he didn t bother to consider that a Trump operative may have place this big find in his mail box.Watch as Maddow and Johnston labor over this non-story, in one of the most hyped media fails in recent memory: SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22954,The Corporate Plantation: NCAA College Sports Oligopoly,"James Hall 21st Century WireThe obsession over sports, long analyzed as half-crazed, defies logical explanation. Even so, it is undeniable that organized athletics is big business. This standard certainly applies to professional leagues, but often it is overlooked just how much money is involved in  so called  amateur games at the college level.A Brief History of the National Collegiate Athletic Association s Role in Regulating Intercollegiate Athletics serves as a useful primer. Regulation of intercollegiate athletics may seem a desirable and necessary function to maintain the integrity of sport. In spite of this noble objective, the supervision of the NCAA over college athletics usually comes down to the excessive administration of football and basketball.Yes, men s games have a distinct advantage over the rest of the field. There is a simple reason, MONEY. The headline, NCAA approaching $1 billion per year amid challenges by players, screams louder than any fan packed stadium.  The NCAA made $912.8 million last year [in 2013], 84 percent of which came from one, three-week event: The Division I men s basketball tournament.  Not to be outdone, Forbes reviews The Economics of College Football: A Look At The Top-25 Teams  Revenues And Expenses. An important and salient point indicates that not all teams are equal.  Those teams who either have their own network or whose conferences have their own network have extra streams of revenue that boost their numbers. Since addictive hysteria affects the cash flow and inflates the bottom line, why should the NCAA reap such a large fee for providing auxiliary functions? In the end, it is an entertainment product not of their creation. Here is the NCAA reply to the question, How can the NCAA be a nonprofit organization when it generates so much revenue? The NCAA maintains its nonprofit status because it is an association of colleges and universities sharing a common academic mission. Every year, the NCAA and its members equip more than 460,000 student-athletes with skills to succeed on the playing field, in the classroom and throughout life. Awe yes, acclimating the student athlete to the revenue sharing of sports managers and career guidance comes at a very high price from the lordly master of matriculation into collegiate athleticism.Ever since the decision where a Judge rules against NCAA, the debate over student athlete s compensation heated up. U.S. District Judge Claudia Wilken, in a 99-page decision that followed a contentious three-week trial in June, ruled in favor of former UCLA basketball star Ed O Bannon and 19 others who sued the NCAA, claiming it violated antitrust laws by conspiring with the schools and conferences to block the athletes from getting a share of the revenues generated from the use of their images in broadcasts and video games. The injunction she issued allows players at big schools to have money generated by television contracts put into a trust fund to pay them when they leave.Wilken rejected the NCAA s arguments in defense of its economic model, saying the  justifications that the NCAA offers do not justify this restraint and could be achieved through less restrictive means  while preserving college sports competition. The New York Times frames the issue accordingly in How New N.C.A.A. Rules Will Work. Now, college officials argue, they will be able to provide better medical coverage for athletes, in addition to offering more robust scholarships. The athletes will be allowed to borrow against future earnings for insurance.But critics say that the changes amount to window dressing and that the fundamental unfairness of college sports   the N.C.A.A. and its members profit off athletes, who risk their bodies in competition, without giving them a fair share of the profits   remains unchanged. Swimming in a sea of salt water and not a drop to drink seems to be the plight of the superjock.For a sober viewpoint on the complexity of the problem, Michael Hiltzik makes the case that the NCAA antitrust ruling barely chips at college sports dysfunction. Wilken rejects the plaintiffs  proposal to allow student athletes to make commercial endorsements, because she accepts that the NCAA and its member schools should protect the students from  commercial exploitation.  In other words, the right to such commercial exploitation should be reserved only to the NCAA and its member schools.The reality of football and basketball players graduating into professional athletic careers makes a mockery of the NCAA s assertion, in its Division-I manual, that  student participation in intercollegiate athletics is an avocation. Lastly, look to the players themselves. Quarterback Kain Colter detailed the College Athletes Players Association position. You know those modern day gladiators, picking cotton on the gridiron or parquet floor plantation is part of learning from this educational experience. College athletes forming their first union, and calling NCAA  dictatorship gives that Big Apple spin to the make it anywhere theme for sharing box office receipts. Colter said the NCAA dictates terms to its hundreds of member schools and tens of thousands of college athletes, leaving players with little or no say about financial compensation questions or how to improve their own safety. That college football generates hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue only bolstered the argument for a union, he said. How can they call this amateur athletics when our jerseys are sold in stores and the money we generate turns coaches and commissioners into multi-millionaires?  Colter asked. One need not be a union supporter to recognize that talented athletic competitors have star appeal, and generate wheel barrels of money for their universities and the NCAA. Placing at risk their health and careers each time they perform as trained seals, demands equable compensation. Show Me The MONEY is a fair question that should not wait for a Jerry Maguire to arrange after turning pro. The NCAA only protects the corporatist institutions of syndicated media hype and itself, as an agent of sports marketing.The business of collegiate sports revenue generation may not rival the inequities of international finance; however, do not tell that to the rabid fan who lives and maintains an unbalanced perception of significance. There are many more of them; then there are of us.Read the entire article on the  Corporatocracy  archives at BATRREAD MORE SPORTING NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Sports FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22955,What Will Happen to Your Guns Under President Trump?,"21st Century Wire says Legacy note to Obama s ghost writer: Barack Hussein Obama will go down in the record books as the greatest gun salesmen of all time. Both Obama and his Attorney General Eric Holder embarked on one of the most aggressive, multi-pronged gun restriction political campaigns in US history. Hence, under President Obama, gun sales sky rocketed   driving up demand along with record levels on purchasing prices.That s right   Obama did more for the gun industry than Charlton Heston ever could.In the aftermath that bull market however, guns, both news and used, have since adopted some of the attributes of a commodity.As the market settles under a new Administration, expect a little more predicability  Josh Levine AZ CentralNow that we re more than a month into the Trump era, I m eager to see how the new administration, controversial legislation, and even heated Twitter exchanges about gun control affects firearm sales in the secondary market.Logic would tell me that sales will slow down. After all, gun sales soared during President Obama s eight years in office. A recent USA Today article I read stated that since Nov. 4, 2008, both Smith & Wesson Holding Corp. and Sturm, Ruger & Co. stock rose more than 1,000 percent. A similar trend was seen during the Clinton Administration as well.On the contrary, a recent Time article stated that gun ownership in the U.S. is the lowest it has been since 1978. Don t believe it? Apparently, the gun sales rose during the past eight years among gun owners buying more guns.Effects on AuctionsSo, how does this all shake out for the auction industry?You have to remember that the secondary market is different than retail. I think bidders will continue to seek out sporting, collectible, recreational and defensive guns at auctions because they know they can find quality firearms at a good value.There s also the matter of trust. Auction houses are FFL holders, and they must adhere to all state and federal laws.So far, it has been business as usual at our auction house, and prices for collectible guns continue to be strong.A 6 inch Colt Python.As an example, recently we sold a Colt Python that realized $3,000 with buyer s premium. They just continue to command top dollar.I m also seeing more Western guns selling at auction. Recently, we sold a Colt Single Action Army that realized $3,120 with buyer s premium. It had condition issues, but still performed well.These examples are Colt. However, other brands are fairing just as well. Browning, Remington, local favorite Ruger and Beretta have all been performing admirably.Even though gun owners and buyers may relax a lot under President Trump s tenure, I m not anticipating a sudden drop of interest in the guns we sell at auction. The Baby Boomers and older are downsizing and selling off their collections. And, no amount of tweets or controversial public policies will change that fact.The buyers may have been motivated by fear when it appeared that Hillary Clinton might win, but now I think they re motivated by pure collecting passion.Tips before purchaseIf you re in the market to purchase antique firearms, check used gun prices in the Blue Book of Gun Values as well as sites like LiveAuctioneers and Gunbrokers.com before placing a bid.Check the gun s condition in person or ask for the auction house to provide photos and a condition report if you are purchasing it online.Also, make sure you will clear a background check as most major auction houses will require a Federal background or NICS check, as it s known.If you re selling, don t despair. I don t think this new Trump era will make prices in the secondary market plummet. They may not be  huge  or  the best,  but I think they ll continue to be decent.Josh Levine owns J. Levine Auction & Appraisal in Scottsdale. Contact: josh@jlevines.com or @jlevines1 on Twitter.READ MORE 2nd AMENDMENT NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2nd Amendment Files",0
22956,BIGGER THAN SNOWDEN: Wikileaks ‘Vault 7’ Classified CIA leak  – What Does It Mean?," He who controls the spice controls the universe.    Frank Herbert,  from the Dune seriesShawn Helton   21st Century WireOver the past week, much of the CIA s cyber hacking capabilities were allegedly laid bare by the Wikileaks  Vault 7  publication. According to the transparency seeking website, they ve published less than 1% of the intelligence regarding their Vault 7 series under the moniker Year Zero. All in all, the Wikileaks Vault 7 release is said to be the largest publication of classified intelligence in history. While there are still many unknowns associated with this latest CIA centered leak, there are a quite a few things to consider.Let s explore some of what we know to date and how it relates to other suspicious tech related stories over the past few years   YEAR ZERO   ZERO DAYS     Wikileaks discloses the CIA s cyber hacking capabilities   still no official comment from the intelligence agency. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Wikileaks  Vault 7 In 21WIRE s first report regarding the new revelations concerning Wikileaks Vault 7, we discussed how some of the content exposed in part one of Year Zero revealed what many in new media and other investigative fields have thought technologically possible for years.Here s a portion from the 21WIRE news alert mentioned above that describes the latest controversial publication by Wikileaks: WikiLeaks has released its largest ever publication of confidential documents on the Central Intelligence Agency. Entitled  Vault 7  and containing a password that echoed the alleged JFK quote  splinter the CIA into a thousand pieces and scatter it into the winds,  this leak comprises 8,761 documents and files from an isolated, high-security network situated inside the CIA s Center for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virginia. Year Zero , which is part one of the leak and conveniently named after a  zero day  exploit used by intelligence agencies, was gathered throughout 2016 and is said to be the  largest intelligence publication in history .Whilst a lot of the information and methodology outlined in  Year Zero  is of no surprise to security analysts and researchers since the Edward Snowden (image, left) revelations, once again the public has explicit confirmation of how one of the most powerful intelligence agencies in the world, aided by their international counterparts like GCHQ, have been infiltrating and scooping vast quantities of private information from Apple and Android devices right up to Samsung  Smart TV  technology where false  stand-by  modes and live microphones can be executed to record information and send it back to the appropriate servers. The  Year Zero  leaks a simple but cleaver play on the term zero day   something which is defined on Wikipedia as an undisclosed computer-software vulnerability that hackers can exploit to adversely affect computer programs, data, additional computers or a network. A zero day, zero hour exploit is said to leave a software author without the necessary time to correct coding or  workaround  actions of a particular hack or intrusive malware damage. (Image Source: daily express)According to Wikileaks and its editor-in-chief  Julian Assange, their most recent  treasure trove  of confidential files were obtained by a current or former CIA contractor, a story similar in scope and impact to the collection of documents dropped by former CIA/NSA contractor Edward Snowden but are said to be much larger.This time, the public has been given a glance inside the prism of the CIA s cyber hacking potential and data mining efforts similar to the NSA.In May of 2013, Snowden revealed information displaying that American citizens as well as other foreign nations throughout the world were subject to unprecedented levels of spying at the behest of the NSA. Massive data mining via XKeyScore and other similar applications proved to be very controversial particularly in America   as it seemed to be in direct contradiction to the US Constitution s 4th Amendment.Over the past decade other aspects of NSA spying activities were revealed under the George W Bush administration in 2005 and further brought to light by Mark Klein, a former AT&T technician who exposed how the multinational telecommunications company was working with the intelligence community to collect the public s data.In 2011, Gadgets and Gizmos reported the following: The recent Web 2.0 2011 conference in San Francisco saw the issue made public and now the worry is that private information could be obtained by third parties using this secretly stored data.Once the data is accessed it can even be downloaded onto an interactive map which shows where the owner of the device has been lately. So far the best way to avoid this causing a problem is to go into the settings menu and turn of the location services all together. The newly leaked Vault 7 documents identify specific cyber weapons, hacking systems, viruses and malware created by the CIA that can be used on just about anyone or any entity. This most assuredly will cause other countries to become more critical of the agency s cyber capabilities. By the looks of it, this is something that appears to be happening in Germany, as the Wikileaks docu-dump exposed an apparent CIA spy-hub in Frankfurt.Zero Hedge reports: The consulate was the focus of a German investigation into US intelligence capabilities following the 2013 revelation that NSA agents had tapped Chancellor Angela Merkel s phone.German daily  S ddeutsche Zeitung  reported the building was known to be home to a vast network of intelligence personnel including CIA agents, NSA spies, military secret service personnel, Department of Homeland Security employees and Secret Service employees. It reported the Americans had also established a dense network of outposts and shell companies in Frankfurt. Germany s reaction could prove to be more theatrical than that of true concern   only time will tell.If Vault 7 is to be accepted wholesale, it also reveals that since the 9/11 attacks the CIA has gained political and budgetary preeminence over the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA). The CIA found itself building not just its now infamous drone fleet, but a very different type of covert, globe-spanning force   its own substantial fleet of hackers.  Part and parcel to this, Wikileaks contends that CIA hackers have developed cyber weaponry to spy on people through cell phones, computers and smart TVs.According to  Year Zero  part one of the Wikileaks Vault 7 release: The increasing sophistication of surveillance techniques has drawn comparisons with George Orwell s 1984, but  Weeping Angel , developed by the CIA s Embedded Devices Branch (EDB), which infests smart TVs, transforming them into covert microphones, is surely its most emblematic realization.The attack against Samsung smart TVs was developed in cooperation with the United Kingdom s MI5/BTSS. After infestation, Weeping Angel places the target TV in a  Fake-Off  mode, so that the owner falsely believes the TV is off when it is on. In  Fake-Off  mode the TV operates as a bug, recording conversations in the room and sending them over the Internet to a covert CIA server. Interestingly, Wikileaks published a batch of classified CIA spy/hacking documents that not only include the privacy invading  Weeping Angel  developed by the clandestine agency to listen on microphones covertly but also ways the CIA has sought to remotely infect and control Microsoft Windows,  with viruses like  Hammer Drill  as well as automated infestation and control of CIA malware, such as  Assassin  and  Medusa. According to security analysts, the CIA has designed the covert methods listed above for hostile foreign actors. However, since the intelligence service has had a propensity of going rogue, these technological leaps made by the secretive agency should be a major concern to the general public.Over the past few decades there have been other spoken critics of intelligence services such as well-known journalist James Bamford and former high-ranking NSA official William Binney, both who have come forward to share the inner workings of the security world. The screenshot above from Wikileaks Vault 7 discusses CIA s techniques that can be used to frame other entities for a malware attack.Framing the Big Bear?One of the more curious details contained in Vault 7 were the revelations concerning the CIA s ability to mask any hacking  fingerprints that could potentially implicate the agency. Additionally, the secretive agency could also leave behind potential evidence that a cyber attack was carried out by a foreign body or nation. Here s another passage from the Wikileaks publication on the matter: Tradecraft DO s and DON Ts  contains CIA rules on how its malware should be written to avoid fingerprints implicating the  CIA, US government, or its witting partner companies  in  forensic review . QUESTION: Is it possible that the CIA could use its highly specialized malware to frame a foreign country for violating US national security?Zero Hedge reported the following Wikileaks information concerning the CIA s ability to bypass device encryption before it can be applied as well as mask itself from forensic review via its own entity, the Center For Cyber Inteliigence (CCI):Among the more notable disclosures which, if confirmed,  would rock the technology world , the CIA had managed to bypass encryption on popular phone and messaging services such as Signal, WhatsApp and Telegram. According to the statement from WikiLeaks, government hackers can penetrate Android phones and collect  audio and message traffic before encryption is applied. Another profound revelation is that the CIA can engage in  false flag  cyberattacks which portray Russia as the assailant. Discussing the CIA s Remote Devices Branch s UMBRAGE group, Wikileaks  source notes that it  collects and maintains a substantial library of attack techniques  stolen  from malware produced in other states including the Russian Federation. Here s an image originally published by Wikileaks Vault 7 that displays the CIA s Center For Cyber Intelligence apparatus With claims of alleged Russian hacking at the forefront of Western intelligence, let s take another look at how that meme started Prior to the 2016 US presidential race taking place the mainstream media along with the White House, set the stage for a massive PR push implicating Russia as a disrupting force for democracy   allegedly through Kremlin-sponsored hacking of US democratic institutions and through  sophisticated Russian propaganda. In August, the western media s claims against Russia began to hit overdrive, when the  New York Times s Moscow bureau was the target of an attempted cyber attack this month. But so far, there is no evidence that the hackers, believed to be Russian, were successful. Flash forward to September here and here, as well as early October in the lead up to President Obama s Russian Hack decree, the Clinton-friendly outlet, the NY Times, had all but solidified the Russian cyber-hack claims   but once again, without any definitive evidence or proof.Throw in another American  October surprise  in the form distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks, renewed calls for the Stop Online Piracy Act (SOPA) internet, led to so-called cyber experts blaming the largest  hack on America  because of the inability to pass SOPA   in effect, reigniting the previously stalled SOPA in Washington DC, along with all of its draconian copyright law positions   all perfectly timed as mainstream reports regarding  fake news suddenly became all the rage across all forms of media.Will Vault 7 prove to shed light on other CIA related activities?The screenshot above from Wikileaks Vault 7 discusses the CIA S HIVE multi-platform software control system.DDoS AttacksIn October of 2016, I noted some of the suspicious activity surrounding America s biggest distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack that was said to be caused by the malware Mirai. Given that there was a  hardcoded blacklist  of certain government entities and major multinational companies/defense contractors from being attacked   its seems more likely that the attack was US government created: Interestingly, according to Bradley Barth, a senior reporter for the IT security online magazine SC, the Mirai (supposedly leaked on September 30th) contains a very unique subset of characteristics that will not attack certain IP addresses such as the Department of Defense (DoD), the US Postal Service and consumer giant General Electric (GE) due to its coding: An Imperva analysis of the source code revealed several unique traits, including a hardcoded blacklist of IPs that the adversary did not want to attack, perhaps in order to keep a low profile. Some of these IPs belonged to the Department of Defense, the U.S. Postal Service and General Electric (GE). Though SC claims that the makers of Mirai may have been trying to keep a low profile, the recent DDoS attack attributed to the malware was as high-profile as you can get   so this begs the question, what was the real reason the malware creators put an IP blockade on the DoD, the Postal Service and GE? Is it possible that the DDoS attack originated from whitehat hackers associated with the US government, a major US defense contractor like GE or some other intelligence service, possibly the CIA?  HACKED?    Michael Hastings death sparked a wave of controversial theories. (Image source: pinterest)CIA Hacking Tools Upon closer inspection of the Wikileaks Vault 7 release, we see that in addition to the public s privacy apparently being invaded through the CIA s ability to bypass encryption on Android and iOS phones, computers and smart TVs   there was also the Wikileaks revelations exposing the agency s development of vehicular control.Wikileaks Vault 7 stated the following stunning revelation: As of October 2014 the CIA was also looking at infecting the vehicle control systems used by modern cars and trucks. The purpose of such control is not specified, but it would permit the CIA to engage in nearly undetectable assassinations. It is this part of Year Zero that has revived the conspiracy surrounding the death of investigative reporter and war veteran Michael Hastings, who died after his Mercedes C250 coupe supposedly burst into a giant fireball in the early hours of June 18 2013. According to eyewitness accounts, Hastings was going at a high rate of speed as  sparks and flames  were seen before his fiery automobile crashed.The UK s Sun recently revisited the Hastings tragedy. Here s a passage of that report: Hastings   a vocal critic of government mass surveillance   had sent an email to colleagues and friends just 12 hours earlier, telling them he was onto a  big story  and was under investigation.The Buzzfeed and Rolling Stone contributor, 33, wrote: The Feds are interviewing my  close friends and associates . May be wise to immediately request legal counsel before any conversations or interviews about our news-gathering practices. I m onto a big story and need to go off the radar for a bit. WikiLeaks also tweeted after the crash to say Hastings had contacted its lawyer Jennifer Robinson just before his death, claiming the FBI was investigating him.The FBI took a  departure from normal policy  to deny that Hastings had ever been under investigation after receiving a barrage of calls about his death. The CIA has failed to confirm or deny the authenticity of the Vault 7 release, only deepening the mystery surrounding the death of Hastings.The question of CIA control over cars and trucks naturally leads us to what was revealed regarding high-tech avionics in recent years  (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Uninterruptible Flight ControlIn my article entitled  FLIGHT CONTROL: Boeing s  Uninterruptible Autopilot System , Drones & Remote Hijacking, I noted the CIA s involvement in certain advancements in flight technology. Lets revisit a portion of that article describing the agency s involvement: On December 4th of 2006, it was announced that Boeing had won a patent on an uninterruptible autopilot system for use in commercial aircraft. This was the first public acknowledgment by Boeing about the existence of such an autopilot system.The new autopilot patent was reported by John Croft for Flight Global, with the news piece subsequently linked by a Homeland Security News Wire and other British publications around the same time. According to the DHS release, it was disclosed that  dedicated electrical circuits  within an onboard flight system could control a plane without the need of pilots, stating that the advanced avionics would fly the aircraft remotely, independently of those operating the plane: The  uninterruptible  autopilot would be activated   either by pilots, by onboard sensors, or even remotely via radio or satellite links by government agencies like the Central Intelligence Agency, if terrorists attempt to gain control of a flight deck. Continuing, I outlined the suspicious nature of both the MH370 disaster and that of MH17. Since then there have been a number of strange airline catastrophes including Germanwings 9525 and EygptAir MS804. Following the apparent  vanishing act  of Malaysian Airlines flight MH370, many investigators and researchers began to question the likelihood of such an event happening in today s high-tech world.At 21WIRE, we ve also looked into the unprecedented disappearance of MH370 and the subsequent downing of MH17, as certain details came to light regarding the history of the remote autopilot function installed within Boeing commercial airliners (a subject which also opens the door to the events of 9/11).The Boeing 777 along with other Boeing models, can in fact be flown remotely through the use of independent embedded software and satellite communication. Once this advanced system is engaged, it can disallow any pilot or potential hijacker from controlling a plane, as the rooted setup uses digital signals that communicate with air traffic control, satellite links, as well as other government entities for the remainder of a flight s journey.This technology is known as the Boeing Honeywell  Uninterruptible  Autopilot System. Has the CIA had the ability to remotely hack vehicles for much longer than we think?The Wikileaks release once again opens questions about 9/11, the deep state and what intelligence agencies have control over in the War on Terror era.  CLOAKED    What other blueprints will Wikileaks provide regarding the CIA s capabilities? (Image Source: offgraun)Public Privacy Vs. the  Deep State In an article detailing the encryption saga between Apple and the FBI, we stated that there are no guarantees in the security world, especially if a digital master-key were to be created, as this would potentially make it easier for invaders (either the government, or various hackers) mining for data moving forward into the future.If the CIA has been secretly data mining just like the NSA, they have unquestionably violated the public s constitutional rights and trust.Is this really what the CIA has been up too?In a 2016 the Guardian interviewed some of those involved in the technology and security sector. These individuals offered their thoughts regarding the government s continued encroachment on individual privacy. here s another look at that passage:Dan Kaminsky, the security expert who made his name with the discovery that one of the most basic parts of the internet, the domain name system, was vulnerable to fraud   disagrees:  Feds want final authority on engineering decisions, and their interests don t even align with fighting the vast bulk of real-world crime. Continuing, The Guardian interviewed former FBI agent Michael German, currently the Brennan Center, a judicial think-tank. The following is a part of that interview: After 9/11, you had this concept of total information awareness. The intelligence community was very enamoured of the idea that all information was available. Much like the NSA, they wanted to see it all, collect it all, and analyse it all. Western political leaders and their media arms often discuss the dangers of so-called terror sleeper cells residing in a nation near you, but none of them acknowledge or attempt to explain the historical fact that for decades, they themselves have helped to harbor, grow, foment and radicalize individuals through their own clandestine  counter-terrorism  operations.Many of these operations have directly implicated security agencies (and military alliances) such as the FBI, CIA, MI5, MI6 and NATO   in the production of real terror.While most of these counter intelligence operations have fallen under the umbrella of the so-called War On Terror era, they have also largely served to obfuscate the nature of various government programs that some critics suggest is the work of a  deep state  apparatus.QUESTION: Will there be a large public outcry regarding the lack of oversight over the CIA s spying and hacking capabilities?Watch below as 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen discusses the  NSA-like body  of the CIA on Peter Lavelle s Cross Talk show on RT In Summary The timely release of Vault 7 comes amid a flurry of wiretapping claims from President Donald Trump, while a review of US cyber capabilities and vulnerabilities is currently underway.Additionally, the Wikileaks Vault 7 publication revealed the following stunning information concerning the scope of the CIA s cyber capabilities previously unknown to the public: By the end of 2016, the CIA s hacking division, which formally falls under the agency s Center for Cyber Intelligence (CCI), had over 5000 registered users and had produced more than a thousand hacking systems, trojans, viruses, and other  weaponized  malware. Such is the scale of the CIA s undertaking that by 2016, its hackers had utilized more code than that used to run Facebook. The CIA had created, in effect, its  own NSA  with even less accountability and without publicly answering the question as to whether such a massive budgetary spend on duplicating the capacities of a rival agency could be justified. In 2012, then CIA Director David Petraeus, mused about the emergence of an  Internet of Things    that is, wired devices   at a summit for In-Q-Tel, the CIA s venture capital firm. The Wired magazine article continued, disclosing that the future of spying hinged on smart devices and a smart home: All those new online devices are a treasure trove of data if you re a  person of interest  to the spy community. Once upon a time, spies had to place a bug in your chandelier to hear your conversation. With the rise of the  smart home,  you d be sending tagged, geolocated data that a spy agency can intercept in real time when you use the lighting app on your phone to adjust your living room s ambiance. The public has long been prepped for the surreal level of surveillance we are only just beginning to understand, whether through books, film or tech magazines or by the government itself   the warning signs of lost privacy and protection have been hidden in plain sight for decades.Even still, Wikileaks Vault 7 shocks the avid researcher, writer and pundit as it gives further insight into the CIA s multi-pronged ability to distort the perception of the public, while vacuuming up all kinds of data.*** Author Shawn Helton is Associate Editor of 21st Century Wire, as well as an independent media forensic analyst specializing in criminal investigations and media coverage from war theaters. READ MORE WIKILEAKS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire WikiLeaks FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22957,"Boiler Room #100.2 – Part Duh! Wire Tapped, Reality For Sale & Conspiracy Theorist Swag","Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Daniel Spaulding of Soul of The East, Funk Soul (ACR/21WIRE contributor) and Basil Valentine of Sunday Wire for the second chapter of the 100th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the crew. Tonight the gang is discussing American forces being sent into Syria, the utter insanity of the leftist media distracting their audience with false realities being sold to the highest bidder, the dilerbrate destruction of critical thinking among the population, Vault 7 releases from wikileaks and the wiretapping of (then) Presidential Candidate Trump.Direct Download Episode #100.2Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22958,‘A DELIRIUM IS SPREADING’ – The Left’s Great Russian Conspiracy Theory," The very people who for years talked about the problem of conspiracy theories have become the keenest spreaders of conspiracy theories. The people who spent the past few months banging on about the  post-truth  politics of Brexit and Trump have shown they don t have the first clue what truth is. The people who posed as champions of logic have revealed themselves as peddlers of paranoia  21st Century Wire says During last year s the election cycle, 21WIRE called-out the liberal establishment s whole  Russian Hack  conspiracy as a  hoax,  but even conservative media were too shy to go that far in condemning what is obviously one of the biggest put-ups in modern political history.As veteran journalist Robert Parry said this week on ACR s Patrick Henningsen LIVE show this past week, a madness  has set-in in Washington and throughout progressive liberal enclaves throughout America, as the opposition still clings to the desperate hope that some actual evidence to support their conspiracies theories about Trump and Russia will somehow manifest and provide a short-cut to his ouster.Hillary Clinton s internationalist tribe, American and European progressive left, is at the precipice  an entire block of society who may have lost their minds   and who could end up committed in a political bardo.Finally, some mainstream publications are beginning to come around to call it what it is, and that s much welcome.As they say, always better late than never Brendan O Neil Spectator The chattering classes have officially lost it. On both sides of the Atlantic.Of course they d been teetering on the cliff edge of sanity for a while, following the bruising of their beloved EU by 17m angry Brits and Hillary s loss to that orange muppet they thought no one except rednecks would vote for. But now they ve gone over. They re falling fast. They re speeding away from the world of logic into a cesspit of conspiracy and fear. It s tragic. Or hilarious. One or the other.Exhibit A: this week s New Yorker. It s mad. It captures wonderfully how the liberal-left has come to be polluted by the paranoid style of McCarthyist thinking since Trump s victory. It s a New Yorker for a future, dystopian America that s been captured by the Evil Empire. The mag s masthead is in Cyrillic and its famous dandy mascot   Eustace Tilley   has morphed into Putin. It s now Eustace Vladimirovich Tilley. This week's cover,  Eustace Vladimirovich Tilley,  by Barry Blitt: https://t.co/P43URkCLMy pic.twitter.com/sUunrilCf3  The New Yorker (@NewYorker) March 2, 2017Inside the mag it s even more feverish. A 13,000-word report,  Trump, Putin and the New Cold War,  is accompanied by a drawing of a deep-red, UFO-style Kremlin hovering over the White House and firing lasers into it. It s CGI Hollywood meets House Un-American Activities in an orgy of liberal dread over Ruskies ruining the nation.It used to be right-wingers who fretted over Russians and Reds and pinkos colonising Westerners  lives and minds. Now it s lefties. Trump is regularly called Putin s puppet. He s an unwitting agent  of Moscow, we re told. The New York Times even called him The Siberian Candidate, echoing the title of the 1962 thriller The Manchurian Candidate, in which an American is brainwashed by Korean Communists to become an assassin. That s how some seriously view Trump: a Putin-moulded foot soldier of Russian interests who ll assassinate the American way of life, if not American citizens. I mean, Vanity Fair actually asks:  Is Trump a Manchurian Candidate?  These people need a lie down. You have to get deep into the  New Yorker s prolix report to discover that US officials still haven t provided evidence for their claim that Putin ordered the hacking of Democrat emails in order to hurry Trump to power:  The declassified report [on Putin s meddling] provides more assertion than evidence. But that hasn t stopped the left McCarthyists, these Reds on the Web fearmongers, from buying into all kinds of claptrap about Putin putting Trump in the White House.In December, a YouGov survey of Democratic voters found that 50 percent of them think  Russia tampered with vote tallies to help Trump.  That is, White House-eyeing Putinites actually meddled with voting machines or ballot counts. There s no evidence whatever for this. In YouGov s words, it s an  election day conspiracy theory.  A kind of delirium is spreading.The spectre of Putinite meddling is now blamed for everything that doesn t go the liberal elite s way Continue this story at The SpectatorREAD MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22959,"Preparing to Invade: US Deploys Additional 2,500 Soldiers for ‘Syria and Iraq’","21st Century Wire says While the US media continues to lead the public up the garden path by allocating all of its coverage for Obamacare news, the US is quietly ramping-up its forces in the Middle East as the Pentagon quietly positions its assets on the ground in Syria   in preparation for the grand battle to  defeat ISIS. Besides the western media s near blackout of recent US Ranger and Marine deployments on the ground in Syria, what should also worry the public is how the amount of political pressure currently on the embattled Trump White House   might be influencing this Administration s desire to show  a win  militarily in Syria.Military officials spoke to Reuters this week, confirming that rapidly deployable forces in Kuwait are in fact in position as part of an operation to oust ISIS from Raqqa.Already, for months now, several hundred  Special Operations  troops have been embedded with local Kurdish forces.According to the Pentagon reports, at least 6,000 US troops (not including covert operations and private military contractors, possibly an additional 1,000 operatives) are currently operating in both Iraq and Syria.Watch this raw video of one regiment of US troops who arrived in Syria this week: How long until other US NATO allies also arrive with more troops and military assets in Syria?The big risk here could be that the rush to war might be ill-conceived, not to mention completely illegal under international law   considering the United States still refuses to open any dialogue with the sovereign nation state of Syria.In a recent article, 21WIRE s Patrick Henningsen has commented in detail already about the apparent lack of coordination and competing agenda between the US, Turkey, Syria and Russia in northern Syria, including the potential for in-fighting between Coalition forces and their proxies.Meanwhile, the US-led Coalition continues to impose punitive sanctions against Syria, while US allies continue to arm and support numerous radical Wahabi terrorist militant groups who are still destablizing Syria and terrorizing its residents.Expect more assets to be deployed in the coming days and weeks   and more silence from the media Army TimesWASHINGTON   The U.S. military is sending an additional 2,500 ground combat troops to a staging base in Kuwait from which they could be called upon to back up coalition forces battling the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria.The deployment will include elements of the 82nd Airborne Division s 2nd Brigade Combat Team, which is based at Fort Bragg in North Carolina. About 1,700 soldiers from the same unit are overseas now, spread between Iraq and Kuwait. They re focused on the U.S.-led effort to train and assist the Iraqi troops doing much of the fighting against ISIS there.These new personnel, however, will be  postured there to do all things Mosul, Raqqa, all in between,  Army Lt. Gen. Joseph Anderson, the Army s deputy chief of staff for operations, told House lawmakers Wednesday. He was referring to the Islamic State s two main strongholds: Mosul in Iraq and Raqqa in Syria, major urban centers where U.S.-back allies are fighting a well entrenched enemy. So the whole brigade will now be forward,  Anderson said.( ) There are a number of options under consideration as the coalition looks for ways to accelerate the defeat of ISIS,  it says.  We continue to believe that the most effective way to achieve a lasting victory is to do it by, with and through our partner forces who have the greatest stake in the outcome. For operational security reasons, we will not discuss future deployments or contingency operational planning. Continue this story at Army TimesREAD MORE PENTAGON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Pentagon FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22960,"CrossTalk: WikiLeaks Vault 7 with Guests Patrick Henningsen, Larry Johnson, Suzanne Nossel","21st Century Wire says Vault 7: what does it mean to America, and the expectations of of rights and privacy for the average citizen? Is the CIA s covert hacking program an affront to the US Constitution? Are we at as dark place in western a society?CrossTalk: Wikileaks strikes again. On full display are the CIA s spy tools and methods. Snowden provided a briefing book on U.S. surveillance, but the CIA leaks could provide the blueprints. And your Samsung TV and iPhone are a big part of this.  Host Peter Lavelle is CrossTalking with Larry Johnson, Suzanne Nossel, and Patrick Henningsen: SUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22961,Boiler Room #100 – An Unlikely Alchemy,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Patrick Henningsen of 21WIRE, Funk Soul, Infidel Pharaoh, Andy Nowicki of Alt-Right Blogspot, Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis and Stewart Howe for the 100th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the crew. Tonight the gang is discussing the latest a myriad of news and main stream media shenanigans that have taken place since the last meeting of the ACR brain-trust know as THE BOILER ROOM.Listen to  Boiler Room #100   An Unlikely Alchemy  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #100Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22962,EP #16: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Official Washington Madness’ with guest Robert Parry,"Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and globally at Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode #16 This week we cover US boots on the ground in Syria, and the latest tribulation to befall America s new President Tonight, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest, author and founder of ConsortiumNews.com, Robert Parry, to discuss Washington s Triple Entente of Trump-Russian intrigue, Wire Tapping Allegations, and WikiLeak s latest CIA Hacking exposure. Some are calling this a bout of social and political madness that has set in   in the wake of Trump s shocking political upset. Can America come back from the brink? Tonight we ll talk about what this means going forward in 2017. Listen Listen to  EP 16: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with guest Robert Parry  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 9pm to 10pm MST, post-drive time and after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESREAD MORE WIKILEAKS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire WikiLeaks FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22963,TRUMPDOM: The Curious World of Trump’s Foreign Policy Explained,"Niraj Srivastava 21st Century WireIt is barely seven weeks since Donald Trump became the 45th President of the United States. Perhaps too early to figure out the details of America s foreign policy during his presidency. However, some broad contours of his policies are taking shape, which may provide pointers to what he is likely to do in the next four years.These pointers are based partly on what Trump said during his election campaign and partly on what has happened since he became President. Actually, quite a lot has happened in the last seven weeks or so, including considerable turbulence in US domestic and foreign policy.Before proceeding further, it may be useful to recall that Trump s victory in the Nov. 2016 elections was unexpected. Most opinion polls and the mainstream media (MSM) predicted victory for Hillary Clinton, who was the candidate of the US Establishment and the  Deep State  (DS), which includes the military-industrial complex, the intelligence agencies, the MSM, Wall Street, and the Jewish Lobby.The DS is a permanent, unelected, group of institutions, lobbies, and individuals which wields enormous power from behind the scenes and continues to do so irrespective of who is the President and which party controls the US Congress. It is driven by the quest for money and power, among other things.The present DS began taking shape almost thirty-five years ago when Jimmy Carter was President. There was a DS before that too, going back to the 1950s, which came into existence after the Second World War. However, it was much less powerful and entrenched than the present one. John F. Kennedy tried to defy it but did not succeed. Some believe he paid for it with his life.The collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991 speeded up the consolidation of the current DS, which found that there was nobody to restrain the military power of the US. America could do what it liked. The 1990s also witnessed the emergence of a group of individuals known as the  neoconservatives,  or  neocons,  who believed in using the American military for global domination, irrespective of international laws or institutions, such as the UN.The first military adventure of the neocons was the illegal NATO bombing of the then Yugoslavia in 1999, which was carried out without UN approval. It resulted in the disintegration of the country. Russia was too weak to counter it militarily. Having gotten away with it, the US and NATO embarked upon a series of wars in the next fifteen years, aimed at  regime change  in countries whose leaders were not US allies.Thus, the US and its NATO allies invaded Iraq in 2003 to overthrow Saddam Hussain, bombed Libya and killed Qaddafi in 2011, intervened in Syria in 2011 to oust President Bashar al-Assad, effected regime change in Ukraine in 2014, and are currently involved in a very destructive war in Yemen along with Saudi Arabia.The US has therefore continuously been at war during the last fifteen years. Some of these wars are still continuing, with no end in sight. It is estimated that the US has lost more than 5000 soldiers and spent around US$ seven trillion to fight these wars. Tens of thousands of US soldiers have been injured, straining the social and economic fabric of the country.But these wars have also greatly benefited elements of the Deep State, who have made enormous amounts of money by selling weapons and other material needed to fight wars.  Follow the Money  is a useful dictum to identify these elements, for whom continuous warfare has become a way of life. And to sustain that, a powerful enemy is required.It is here that Russia comes in. Since Putin came to power in 1999, Russia has slowly but steadily nursed its economy and military back to health. Russia s resurgence has upset the neocons and other members of the DS, who had gotten used to unfettered use of American military to invade countries and overthrow regimes, as mentioned above.It was not a coincidence that Russia, and Putin personally, were strongly demonized by the DS during the US presidential campaign in 2016. Russia was accused of all types of subversion, including hacking the Democratic National Committee emails, hacking the elections themselves, and supporting Trump. Hillary Clinton s campaign theme was that Trump was a Russian agent.What is noteworthy is that not a shred of credible evidence was provided by Clinton or anyone else in the DS to support the above allegations. What was provided included fake news, unsubstantiated dossiers, and rumours. They failed to impress the voters, and Trump won the election by a comfortable margin.But the matter did not end there. Humiliated by the defeat of its candidate Hillary Clinton in the election, the DS has launched a campaign to undermine Trump s presidency, by promoting Russophobia and by portraying Russia and Putin as a threat to US security.It was necessary to provide the above background in order to interpret Trump s foreign policy moves since he took over as President. His policies relating to some major countries and issues will be analyzed.RussiaFirst, Trump s approach to Russia. During his election campaign, Trump had repeatedly said that he would work to normalize relations with Russia. He implied that Russia was not an enemy of the US, and could become a partner to find solutions to problems in certain countries.In particular, Trump said that the US and Russia could jointly fight the ISIS and other terrorist groups in Syria. He suggested that since President Assad was also fighting the ISIS in Syria, dislodging him, or  regime change,  was not a priority.Trump s attitude to Moscow flew in the face of what Hillary Clinton and the DS had been saying for a long time that Russia was an enemy which had to be deterred by overwhelming military power. Trump s detractors, therefore, could not accept his Russia Policy. They had to make sure that he did not abandon their hard line towards Moscow.They did so by targeting Gen. Michael Flynn, Trump s National Security Advisor (NSA). On 9th Feb., the Washington Post carried a story claiming that Flynn had spoken on the phone to the Russian Ambassador to the US before Trump s inauguration, and discussed US sanctions against Russia with him. It was also claimed that Flynn lied about the conversation to Vice President Pence.Under intense media and Congressional pressure, Trump asked Flynn to resign, which he did on 13th Feb. The Deep State had claimed its first victim and shown Trump what it could do if he deviated from its Russia Policy. Though Flynn had not violated any US law and done nothing to compromise US security, he had to resign because Trump could not stand up to the DS and buckled under pressure.But that was not the end of the matter. On 2nd March the Washington Post carried another story stating that Trump s Attorney General Jeff Sessions had spoken twice with the Russian Ambassador in 2016 when Sessions was a Senator and failed to disclose the same during his confirmation hearings.This time Trump defended Sessions and said he had done no wrong, which was true. Trump even went on the offensive stating that the really important issue was the illegal leaking of secret information by US intelligence agencies to the media, which he asked the FBI to investigate. Trump also alleged on 4th March that President Obama had ordered wiretapping of his phones in Trump Tower ahead of the 2016 election.After the attack on Flynn, Trump had realized that the final target of the DS was Trump himself. Flynn s removal was the opening salvo, and the attack on Jeff Sessions was the second. Trump reluctantly accepted that he had to fall in line with the agenda of the DS on Russia, Syria, Ukraine, and other issues. Otherwise, the DS might try to remove him by impeachment, on charges of treason and conspiring with an enemy state.Trump s changed approach to Russia was reflected in his appointment on Feb. 20 of General H.R. McMaster as NSA, in place of Flynn. McMaster sees Russia as a  hostile revisionist power,  and does not support normalization of relations with that country. The appointment of McMaster has been widely seen as an attempt by Trump to placate his enemies in the Deep State; it also reflects his apprehension that if he does not do the bidding of the DS, he might end up like Flynn.Trump has also proposed an increase in the Pentagon s budget by ten percent, amounting to about US$ 54 billion. That is equal to around eighty percent of Russia s entire military budget in 2015. The US expenditure on defense is about nine times that of Russia. These figures speak for themselves in the context of Russia s purported threat to the US.It is, therefore, safe to predict that Trump will abandon his objective to normalize relations with Russia, at least in public. He will depict Russia as a threat to US security and act accordingly. Thus, in the recent past, US troops have been deployed in Poland, Bulgaria, and Romania, while NATO troops have been sent to the Baltic states all on Russia s periphery. The White House has also asked Russia to  hand back Crimea to Ukraine. ChinaSecond, US relations with China. Trump raised Chinese hackles by speaking on the phone to the Taiwanese President soon after he was elected. China protested vigorously, eliciting a dismissive reaction from Trump, who said there was nothing wrong in receiving a congratulatory phone call from the Taiwanese President. China saw Trump s action as undermining the US s  One China  policy.During his confirmation hearings, US Secretary of State Tillerson said that China s activities in the South China Sea were not acceptable to the US, which will respond if China violates international law in that area. That cannot have pleased the Chinese.However, in the recent past, Trump has climbed down by reaffirming the US s  One China  policy and avoided making statements that could annoy the Chinese. He seems to have grasped China s importance globally, as well as the massive US economic stakes in that country.Nevertheless, it would not be surprising if US-China relations witness turbulence during Trump s tenure in office. China is also a designated enemy of the US Deep State because that helps increase the Pentagon s budget. The more the number of US enemies, the better for the DS.MexicoThird, Mexico. Trump had repeatedly promised during his election campaign that he would build a wall along the US-Mexico border to reduce illegal immigration from that country. What s more, he had also said he would ask Mexico to pay for the wall. Another issue that he had raised was NAFTA, which, according to him, was hurting the US economy, and needed to be scrapped.After assuming power Trump continued to repeat what he had said about the US-Mexico wall. This angered the Mexican President, who cancelled a scheduled visit to the US in end-January 2017. After that, Trump sent Secretary of State Tillerson and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly to Mexico on 23rd Feb. for damage control and normalization of relations. It is safe to say, however, that US-Mexico relations under Trump will continue to witness turbulence because Trump is serious both about the wall as well as NAFTA.IsraelFourth, Israel. In his approach to that country, Trump is proving to be even more pro-Israel than Hillary Clinton, who was the candidate of the Jewish lobby in the US. Trump s Israel Policy seems to be driven by his son-in-law Jared Kushner, an Orthodox Jew, whose wife Ivanka, Trump s daughter, converted to Judaism before marrying Kushner. During his election campaign, Trump had said that he would move the US embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visited Washington in mid-Feb. 2017 to meet Trump. After their talks, Trump said that he would accept whatever the Israelis and the Palestinians decided between themselves  either a two or a one-state solution to the Palestinian issue. This was a significant departure from the official US and UN position on the issue a two-state solution based on the land-for-peace formula.By adopting the above position, Trump effectively washed his hands off the Israeli-Palestinian issue, leaving it to the Israelis to do whatever they liked, and abandoning the Palestinians to their fate. He has also sent a team of US officials to Israel to examine the feasibility of shifting the US embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, as promised by him.It is likely that during his presidency Trump will allow Israel to do what it wishes in the region, especially regarding the Palestinians, Syria, and Iran. That cannot be good for regional security.IranFifth, Iran. During his election campaign, Trump had repeatedly expressed his anti-Iran feelings and criticized the Iran nuclear deal engineered by Obama. On 6th March, Trump imposed a 90-day ban on travel to the US by Iranian nationals. As things stand, it would be safe to say that during his presidency, US-Iran relations will come under strain. His approach to Iran will also affect US policy in Syria.SyriaSixth, Syria. After becoming President, Trump has spoken about setting up  safe zones  in Syria which Obama had resisted because he did not want greater and direct US military involvement in that country. Trump has said that Syrian refugees should stay in  safe zones  in Syria, rather than migrating to Europe or America.If Trump insists on setting up  safe zones  in Syria, significant numbers of US troops will have to be deployed in the country, in addition to the hundreds of US special forces already present in seven or eight bases in northern and eastern Syria. That would also increase the chances of a deliberate or inadvertent confrontation between the US and Russian forces, who are already present in the country.European UnionSeventh, the European Union. Trump has taken steps to reassure the EU that the US commitment to NATO remains strong, though he insists that NATO members should contribute two per cent of their GDP to NATO s budget. Whether he would be able to enforce that remains to be seen. Under Trump, US relations with EU are unlikely to be as close and warm as they were during Obama s presidency. It is no secret that EU members would have been happier if Hillary Clinton were elected.ImmigrationEighth, immigration. Trump has linked his policy on immigration to the prevention of terrorism in the US. On 6th March, Trump signed an Executive Order banning travel to the US for 90 days by nationals of six Muslim-majority countries Iran, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen. Ironically, the US has been responsible for launching wars and destabilizing three of these countries Libya, Syria, and Yemen. The travel ban from these countries could not be more hypocritical and unjust.International Trade and GlobalizationNinth, international trade and globalization. Trump has promised to implement an  America First  policy which may clash with globalization and free trade. Soon after taking over, he scrapped the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and blamed NAFTA for migration of manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump s top priority during his tenure would be to fulfill his promise of bringing manufacturing jobs back to America. If, in the process, free trade and globalization are undermined, so be it.IndiaFinally, US-India relations. While campaigning, Trump spoke positively about India. The Indian diaspora in the US, particularly some Hindu community groups, organized fundraisers for Trump. He was quoted as saying:   I am a big fan of Hindu and India. Under the Trump administration, we are going to be even better friends. In fact, I would say we are going to be the best of friends. There won t be a relationship more important to us. Trump phoned Indian Prime Minister Modi five days after he was sworn-in as President, and described India as a  true friend and partner in addressing the challenges of the world. However, Trump s protectionist approach to trade may pose some problems for India, particularly regarding the H-1B visas, which are used by Indian software companies to send technical personnel for jobs in the US. It is possible that Trump may reduce the number of the visas or impose more stringent rules to obtain them. India has conveyed her concerns to the US side through various channels, and cannot do more than wait and see what Trump finally does. But it seems clear that he will give high priority to relations with India.This is how Trump s foreign policy looks at the moment. It is still early days, and things may play out differently. Only time will tell what actually happens.***Niraj Srivastava is a former Ambassador of India who has served in several countries including Syria, Libya, Saudi Arabia and the United StatesREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22964,BREAKING: Wikileaks To Give Tech Companies Exclusive Access To CIA Hack Tools,"21st Century Wire says Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has revealed at a press conference earlier today that WikiLeaks will give tech companies which suffered  billions of dollars of damage  when hacked by the CIA  exclusive access  to its technical expertise.Assange said the leaked information came from an isolated computer on the network at CIA headquarters in Virginia. He described the loss of the information as a  historic act of devastating incompetence. More on this report from RT  RTWikiLeaks will give tech companies which suffered  billions of dollars of damage  when hacked by the CIA  exclusive access  to its technical expertise, founder Julian Assange revealed at a press conference.Speaking in a livestream Thursday, Assange said the leaked information originated from an isolated computer, separated from others in the network, at CIA headquarters in Virginia, describing the loss of the information as an historic act of devastating incompetence.  READ MORE: WikiLeaks says just 1% of #Vault7 covert documents released so farRaising questions over whether the loss of the information was known to former US President Barack Obama or current president Donald Trump before being revealed by WikiLeaks, Assange also questioned if the loss had been shared with companies such as Apple and Google, which were made vulnerable by it. Potentially billions of dollars of damage  has been done by the CIA to tech companies, Assange said, adding trust has been damaged by the revelations, in both the US government and US exports. He later added that some of the fixes to devices exposed as vulnerable by the leak would be quickly fixed but others, including smart TVs, would be more difficult and take longer to fix. WikiLeaks has a lot more information,  Assange said, adding that  we have decided to work with them, to give them some exclusive access to some of the technical details we have, so that fixes can be pushed out. Once this material is effectively disarmed we will publish additional details about what has been occurring,  Assange added.Tech giants #Apple, #Samsung & #Microsoft express concern about #CIA hacking after #WikiLeaks dump https://t.co/nailD7mqGs#Vault7 #YearZero pic.twitter.com/aMauSmWXs1  RT (@RT_com) March 8, 2017Answering a question that he admitted came from himself, Assange said WikiLeaks  fights for the rights of publishers, sources and media accuracy  and that the cyber weapon details being published were used to investigate journalists.  We want to secure communications technology because without communications technology journalists cannot hold the state to account,  Assange said.CNN asked whether it was legal for the CIA to do this, per US law, provided the hacking techniques are used overseas. It is an unusual time in the United States to see an intelligence agency so heavily involved in domestic politics,  Assange said, when asked if the CIA was experiencing turmoil within its ranks.When questioned about redactions, Assange said 78,000 pieces of information were withheld, consisting of IP addresses of both target and attack machines. The IPs will be investigated and identified before the redaction is removed Continue this story at RTREAD MORE WIKILEAKS AT: 21st Century Wire WIKILEAKS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22965,US Media Silence as Pentagon Deploys Rangers Armoured Regiment on the Ground in Syria," US Army M1126 Stryker armoured vehicles rolled into Syria this week (Source: Twitter)21st Century Wire says Yesterday reports emerged of a US heavy armoured convoy heeding through northern Syria, heading towards a forward position near the flashpoint city of Manbij, near the ISIS stronghold of Raqqa. Not surprisingly, this news   which would normally be strewn across all headlines and TV news leader boards   has been completely blacked-out by the US media, aside from some website mentions.Naturally, Americans have to go to RT to get news about what the US military is doing in far-flung destinations. Here is a video report by RT s Ruptly News Agency which shows the US servicemen leading a convoy of Stryker armoured vehicles in the Syrian countryside: According to military blog SOFREP, call signs indicate that this US battalion is based out of Fort Benning, Georgia.  By looking at the call sign tag on the back of the Stryker, it is evident that this is 3rd Ranger Battalion out of Fort Benning, Georgia, which has been confirmed via other sources. This clearly indicates that the Trump Administration is in the process of actively building up its military presence in Syria. To what degree is unclear, although early indications suggest a similar commitment to what the US has laid-on in Mosul in their joint operation to retake that Iraqi city away from ISIS control.Currently, the US is at odds with NATO ally Turkey over the Pentagon s support of the Kurdish YPG whom Turkey has designated as a terrorist organization. This could be a point of contention going forward, as the US, Russia and Turkey conduct trilateral negotiations this week in Antalya, Turkey this week.STAY TUNED TO 21WIRE FOR MORE UPDATESREAD MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22966,"Media Says Trump Cannot Use Anonymous Sources, But They Can!","21st Century Wire says Is there any wonder people are sick of the mainstream media?In stunning showing of arrogance, the mainstream media attacked President Donald Trump earlier in the week for basing his wiretapping claims on anonymously sourced reports. They must have forgotten that they too have relied on the very same reporting technique when covering some of the most contentious issues of the past few years.The hypocrisy is almost enough to turn your stomach. Stuart J. Hooper breaks it down in the following video report: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22967,BREAKING: Wikileaks Says Less Than 1% Of Vault 7 Released,"21st Century Wire says Just 24 hours after the release of  Vault 7, Zero Day , Wikileaks has claimed that less than 1% of Vault 7 has been released  so far . This is surely to generate not only excitement amongst security analysts, researchers, software engineers and hackers alike, but considerable dread within the intelligence community. Wikileaks  dump  of Vault 7 has already caused a flurry not only within the mainstream media but noticeable reactions of companies mentioned within  Zero Day  cache such as Apple, Google, Telegram, Signal, Samsung, and Microsoft, whom back in February called for a  Digital Geneva Convention .More on this report from RT  RTWikiLeaks  data dump on Tuesday accounted for less than one percent of  Vault 7 , a collection of leaked CIA documents which revealed the extent of its hacking capabilities, the whistleblowing organization has claimed on Twitter. WikiLeaks has released less than 1% of its #Vault7 series in its part one publication yesterday 'Year Zero'.  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 8, 2017 Year Zero , comprising 8,761 documents and files, was released unexpectedly by WikiLeaks. The organization had initially announced that it was part of a larger series, known as  Vault 7. However, it did not give further information on when more leaks would occur or on how many series would comprise  Vault 7 Continue this story at RTREAD MORE WIKILEAKS AT: 21st Century Wire WIKILEAKS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22968,Former NSA Whistleblower: ‘Trump Absolutely Right He Was Wiretapped’,"21st Century Wire says Former NSA executive and whistleblower William Binney confirmed that President Donald J. Trump is  absolutely right  to claim he was wiretapped and monitored. Binney, a 36 year NSA veteran also considered a  legend  within the agency, created the agency s mass surveillance program for digital information and served as the senior technical director within the agency, who managed six thousand NSA employees. After the events of September 11th, 2001, Binney resigned from the NSA and  became a whistleblower when discovering that the data-monitoring program he had helped develop   nicknamed ThinThread   was being used to spy on Americans,  as reported by PBS.More on this report from Zerohedge  Tyler Durden ZerohedgeLegendary NSA whistleblower William Binney (and creator of NSA s global surveillance system) confirmed to Fox News, that President Trump is  absolutely right  to claim he was wiretapped and monitored  he was.As we noted previously, Binney is the NSA executive who created the agency s mass surveillance program for digital information, who served as the senior technical director within the agency, who managed six thousand NSA employees, the 36-year NSA veteran widely regarded as a  legend  within the agency and the NSA s best-ever analyst and code-breaker, who mapped out the Soviet command-and-control structure before anyone else knew how, and so predicted Soviet invasions before they happened ( in the 1970s, he decrypted the Soviet Union s command system, which provided the US and its allies with real-time surveillance of all Soviet troop movements and Russian atomic weapons ). Binney is the real McCoy.Binney resigned from NSA shortly after the U.S. approach to intelligence changed following the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001. He  became a whistleblower after discovering that elements of a data-monitoring program he had helped develop   nicknamed ThinThread   were being used to spy on Americans,  PBS reported.On Monday he came to the defense of the president, whose allegations on social media over the weekend that outgoing President Barack Obama tapped his phones during the 2016 campaign have rankled Washington. I think the president is absolutely right. His phone calls, everything he did electronically, was being monitored,  Bill Binney, a 36-year veteran of the National Security Agency who resigned in protest from the organization in 2001, told Fox Business on Monday. Everyone s conversations are being monitored and stored , Binney said.Binney also told Sean Hannity s radio show earlier Monday,  I think the FISA court s basically totally irrelevant.  The judges on the FISA court are  not even concerned, nor are they involved in any way with the Executive Order 12333 collection,  Binney said during the radio interview.  That s all done outside of the courts. And outside of the Congress. Binney also told Fox the laws that fall under the FISA court s jurisdiction are  simply out there for show  and  trying to show that the government is following the law, and being looked at and overseen by the Senate and House intelligence committees and the courts. That s not the main collection program for NSA,  Binney said Continue this report at ZerohedgeREAD MORE TRUMP AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22969,US Hostage Survives Terrorist Ordeal in Syria to Deliver a Stunning Message to US-UK ‘Regime Change’ Crowd,"21st Century Wire says A small miracle   a rare moment of truth on the mainstream media. Buried below all of the salacious and sensational headlines and faux Russian intrigue in Washington over the last week, FOX News host Tucker Carlson delivered a stunning short interview with Theo Padnos, an American journalist who was held captive for two years (2012   2014) by US-UK and GCC-backed terrorists from Al Nusra Front aka Al-Qaeda in Syria.During the last 6 years under president Barack Obama, failing US officials like Hillary Clinton and John Kerry have been whitewashing the true nature of the co-called  moderate rebels  in Syria   repeatedly attempting to characterize them as righteous  freedom fighters  striving for an embryonic democracy in Syria. Padnos obliterates the institutional US government and media deception on this subject, and sets the record straight about the wanton savagery of so-called  rebels , many of whom are not even from Syria: They re murdering people in the streets, they re employing children as torturers. They are destroying the society over there. Some of them are interested in money, some of them are interested in power, some of them love their guns. They re having a wonderful time during the Jihad  ( ) They have the keys to these cool pick-up trucks, they have free food They re constructing a real prison archipelago over there   full of prisoners, and full of anyone they really don t like. Survivor: Theo Padnos An incredible axis of power to many young men who have had none for most of their lives   it s a dangerous scenario that s unfolding over there in parts of the country that the government doesn t control. The host then asked Padnos what he thought of the Assad government in Syria. The answer was not something you will ever hear from any of the  experts  on CNN or NBC who have been all-out for regime change since hostilities broke out in 2011: The Assad regime? Right now, there is approx 16 million people who are living in safety. The schools function, the universities function, hospitals function, there s traffic police in the streets. Listen, it s not Switzerland   it s not a perfect society   I think they themselves recognize this. Anybody who wants peace in Syria will acknowledge and respect the peace that they have at the moment and not degrade and damage it somehow   which the Obama Administration has done by sending missiles and all kinds of weaponry to the  rebels    which I thought was disgraceful because it destroyed such peace, as there was. There remains a situation in which there are rebel enclaves and these rebel enclaves are not peaceful, of course not. They are being destroyed. Look, it s a civil war. The rebel enclaves   just a minority of the population lives there, the majority of Syrians are living a relative peace under the Assad regime. Yes, that is preferable to the bombings and the crucifixions in the streets that we are seeing, and the murdering of citizens, the torturing and the imprisoning of random which is what they [the  rebel  terrorists] are doing. Watch Tucker Carlson stunning segment with Theo Padnos here: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dksPBRg5tGQ . READ MORE WIKILEAKS AT: 21st Century Wire WIKILEAKS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22970,BREAKING: Wikileaks Releases ‘Vault 7’ Part 1 – ‘Year Zero’,"21st Century Wire says WikiLeaks has released its largest ever publication of confidential documents on the Central Intelligence Agency. Entitled  Vault 7  and containing a password that echoed the alleged JFK quote  splinter the CIA into a thousand pieces and scatter it into the winds,  this leak comprises 8,761 documents and files from an isolated, high-security network situated inside the CIA s Center for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virginia. Year Zero , which is part one of the leak and conveniently named after a  zero day  exploit used by intelligence agencies, was gathered throughout 2016 and is said to be the  largest intelligence publication in history .Whilst a lot of the information and methodology outlined in  Year Zero  is of no surprise to security analysts and researchers since the Edward Snowden (image, left) revelations, once again the public has explicit confirmation of how one of the most powerful intelligence agencies in the world, aided by their international counterparts like GCHQ, have been infiltrating and scooping vast quantities of private information from Apple and Android devices right up to Samsung  Smart TV  technology where false  stand-by  modes and live microphones can be executed to record information and send it back to the appropriate servers.This document dump is a game changer, because not only does the world know what they ve done, we now know how they ve done it.Based on the CIA s own documents, how do we know it wasn t the CIA themselves behind various  Russian  hacking conspiracies circling around Trump? The questions are proliferating as we speak.More on this report from Wikileaks  Wikileaks  Today, Tuesday 7 March 2017, WikiLeaks begins its new series of leaks on the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency. Code-named  Vault 7  by WikiLeaks, it is the largest ever publication of confidential documents on the agency.The first full part of the series,  Year Zero , comprises 8,761 documents and files from an isolated, high-security network situated inside the CIA s Center for Cyber Intelligence in Langley, Virgina. It follows an introductory disclosure last month of  CIA targeting French political parties and candidates in the lead up to the 2012 presidential election.Recently, the CIA lost control of the majority of its hacking arsenal including malware, viruses, trojans, weaponized  zero day  exploits, malware remote control systems and associated documentation. This extraordinary collection, which amounts to more than several hundred million lines of code, gives its possessor the entire hacking capacity of the CIA. The archive appears to have been circulated among former U.S. government hackers and contractors in an unauthorized manner, one of whom has provided WikiLeaks with portions of the archive. Year Zero  introduces the scope and direction of the CIA s global covert hacking program, its malware arsenal and dozens of  zero day  weaponized exploits against a wide range of U.S. and European company products, include Apple s iPhone, Google s Android and Microsoft s Windows and even Samsung TVs, which are turned into covert microphones.Since 2001 the CIA has gained political and budgetary preeminence over the U.S. National Security Agency (NSA). The CIA found itself building not just its now infamous drone fleet, but a very different type of covert, globe-spanning force   its own substantial fleet of hackers. The agency s hacking division freed it from having to disclose its often controversial operations to the NSA (its primary bureaucratic rival) in order to draw on the NSA s hacking capacities.By the end of 2016, the CIA s hacking division, which formally falls under the agency s Center for Cyber Intelligence (CCI), had over 5000 registered users and had produced more than a thousand hacking systems, trojans, viruses, and other  weaponized  malware. Such is the scale of the CIA s undertaking that by 2016, its hackers had utilized more code than that used to run Facebook. The CIA had created, in effect, its  own NSA  with even less accountability and without publicly answering the question as to whether such a massive budgetary spend on duplicating the capacities of a rival agency could be justified.In a statement to WikiLeaks the source details policy questions that they say urgently need to be debated in public, including whether the CIA s hacking capabilities exceed its mandated powers and the problem of public oversight of the agency. The source wishes to initiate a public debate about the security, creation, use, proliferation and democratic control of cyberweapons.Once a single cyber  weapon  is  loose  it can spread around the world in seconds, to be used by rival states, cyber mafia and teenage hackers alike.Julian Assange, WikiLeaks editor stated that  There is an extreme proliferation risk in the development of cyber  weapons . Comparisons can be drawn between the uncontrolled proliferation of such  weapons , which results from the inability to contain them combined with their high market value, and the global arms trade. But the significance of  Year Zero  goes well beyond the choice between cyberwar and cyberpeace. The disclosure is also exceptional from a political, legal and forensic perspective. Wikileaks has carefully reviewed the  Year Zero  disclosure and published substantive CIA documentation while avoiding the distribution of  armed  cyberweapons until a consensus emerges on the technical and political nature of the CIA s program and how such  weapons  should analyzed, disarmed and published.Wikileaks has also decided to redact and anonymise some identifying information in  Year Zero  for in depth analysis. These redactions include ten of thousands of CIA targets and attack machines throughout Latin America, Europe and the United States. While we are aware of the imperfect results of any approach chosen, we remain committed to our publishing model and note that the quantity of published pages in  Vault 7  part one ( Year Zero ) already eclipses the total number of pages published over the first three years of the Edward Snowden NSA leaks.CIA malware and hacking tools are built by EDG (Engineering Development Group), a software development group within CCI (Center for Cyber Intelligence), a department belonging to the CIA s DDI (Directorate for Digital Innovation). The DDI is one of the five major directorates of the CIA (see this  organizational chart of the CIA for more details).The EDG is responsible for the development, testing and operational support of all backdoors, exploits, malicious payloads, trojans, viruses and any other kind of malware used by the CIA in its covert operations world-wide.The increasing sophistication of surveillance techniques has drawn comparisons with George Orwell s 1984, but  Weeping Angel , developed by the CIA s Embedded Devices Branch (EDB), which infests smart TVs, transforming them into covert microphones, is surely its most emblematic realization.The attack against Samsung smart TVs was developed in cooperation with the United Kingdom s MI5/BTSS. After infestation, Weeping Angel places the target TV in a  Fake-Off  mode, so that the owner falsely believes the TV is off when it is on. In  Fake-Off  mode the TV operates as a bug, recording conversations in the room and sending them over the Internet to a covert CIA server.As of October 2014 the CIA was also looking at  infecting the vehicle control systems used by modern cars and trucks. The purpose of such control is not specified, but it would permit the CIA to engage in nearly undetectable assassinations.The CIA s Mobile Devices Branch (MDB) developed  numerous attacks to remotely hack and control popular smart phones. Infected phones can be instructed to send the CIA the user s geolocation, audio and text communications as well as covertly activate the phone s camera and microphone.Despite iPhone s minority share (14.5%) of the global smart phone market in 2016, a specialized unit in the CIA s Mobile Development Branch produces malware to infest, control and exfiltrate data from iPhones and other Apple products running iOS, such as iPads. CIA s arsenal includes numerous local and remote  zero days  developed by CIA or obtained from GCHQ, NSA, FBI or purchased from cyber arms contractors such as Baitshop. The disproportionate focus on iOS may be explained by the popularity of the iPhone among social, political, diplomatic and business elites.A similar unit targets Google s Android which is used to run the majority of the world s smart phones (~85%) including Samsung, HTC and Sony. 1.15 billion Android powered phones were sold last year.  Year Zero  shows that as of 2016 the CIA had 24  weaponized  Android  zero days  which it has developed itself and obtained from GCHQ, NSA and cyber arms contractors.These techniques permit the CIA to bypass the encryption of WhatsApp, Signal, Telegram, Wiebo, Confide and Cloackman by hacking the  smart  phones that they run on and collecting audio and message traffic before encryption is applied.The CIA also runs a very substantial effort to infect and control Microsoft Windows users with its malware. This includes multiple local and remote weaponized  zero days , air gap jumping viruses such as  Hammer Drill  which infects software distributed on CD/DVDs,  infectors for removable media such as USBs, systems to  hide data in images or in covert disk areas (  Brutal Kangaroo ) and to keep its malware infestations going.Many of these infection efforts are pulled together by the CIA s Automated Implant Branch (AIB), which has developed several attack systems for automated infestation and control of CIA malware, such as  Assassin  and  Medusa .Attacks against Internet infrastructure and webservers are developed by the CIA s Network Devices Branch (NDB).The CIA has developed automated multi-platform malware attack and control systems covering Windows, Mac OS X, Solaris, Linux and more, such as EDB s  HIVE  and the related  Cutthroat  and  Swindle  tools, which are described in the examples section below.In the wake of Edward Snowden s leaks about the NSA, the U.S. technology industry secured a commitment from the Obama administration that the executive would disclose on an ongoing basis   rather than hoard   serious vulnerabilities, exploits, bugs or  zero days  to Apple, Google, Microsoft, and other US-based manufacturers.Serious vulnerabilities not disclosed to the manufacturers places huge swathes of the population and critical infrastructure at risk to foreign intelligence or cyber criminals who independently discover or hear rumors of the vulnerability. If the CIA can discover such vulnerabilities so can others.The U.S. government s commitment to the  Vulnerabilities Equities Process came after significant lobbying by US technology companies, who risk losing their share of the global market over real and perceived hidden vulnerabilities. The government stated that it would disclose all pervasive vulnerabilities discovered after 2010 on an ongoing basis. Year Zero  documents show that the CIA breached the Obama administration s commitments. Many of the vulnerabilities used in the CIA s cyber arsenal are pervasive and some may already have been found by rival intelligence agencies or cyber criminals.As an example, specific CIA malware revealed in  Year Zero  is able to penetrate, infest and control both the Android phone and iPhone software that runs or has run presidential Twitter accounts. The CIA attacks this software by using undisclosed security vulnerabilities ( zero days ) possessed by the CIA but if the CIA can hack these phones then so can everyone else who has obtained or discovered the vulnerability. As long as the CIA keeps these vulnerabilities concealed from Apple and Google (who make the phones) they will not be fixed, and the phones will remain hackable.The same vulnerabilities exist for the population at large, including the U.S. Cabinet, Congress, top CEOs, system administrators, security officers and engineers. By hiding these security flaws from manufacturers like Apple and Google the CIA ensures that it can hack everyone &mdsh; at the expense of leaving everyone hackable.Cyber  weapons  are not possible to keep under effective control.While nuclear proliferation has been restrained by the enormous costs and visible infrastructure involved in assembling enough fissile material to produce a critical nuclear mass, cyber  weapons , once developed, are very hard to retain.Cyber  weapons  are in fact just computer programs which can be pirated like any other. Since they are entirely comprised of information they can be copied quickly with no marginal cost.Securing such  weapons  is particularly difficult since the same people who develop and use them have the skills to exfiltrate copies without leaving traces   sometimes by using the very same  weapons  against the organizations that contain them. There are substantial price incentives for government hackers and consultants to obtain copies since there is a global  vulnerability market  that will pay hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars for copies of such  weapons . Similarly, contractors and companies who obtain such  weapons  sometimes use them for their own purposes, obtaining advantage over their competitors in selling  hacking  services.Over the last three years the United States intelligence sector, which consists of government agencies such as the CIA and NSA and their contractors, such as Booze Allan Hamilton, has been subject to unprecedented series of data exfiltrations by its own workers.A number of intelligence community members not yet publicly named have been arrested or subject to federal criminal investigations in separate incidents.Most visibly, on February 8, 2017 a U.S. federal grand jury indicted Harold T. Martin III with 20 counts of mishandling classified information. The Department of Justice alleged that it seized some 50,000 gigabytes of information from Harold T. Martin III that he had obtained from classified programs at NSA and CIA, including the source code for numerous hacking tools.Once a single cyber  weapon  is  loose  it can spread around the world in seconds, to be used by peer states, cyber mafia and teenage hackers alike.In addition to its operations in Langley, Virginia the CIA also uses the U.S. consulate in Frankfurt as a covert base for its hackers covering Europe, the Middle East and Africa.CIA hackers operating out of the Frankfurt consulate (  Center for Cyber Intelligence Europe  or CCIE) are given diplomatic ( black ) passports and State Department cover.  The instructions for incoming CIA hackers make Germany s counter-intelligence efforts appear inconsequential:  Breeze through German Customs because you have your cover-for-action story down pat, and all they did was stamp your passport Your Cover Story (for this trip) Q: Why are you here? A: Supporting technical consultations at the Consulate.Two earlier WikiLeaks publications give further detail on CIA approaches to customs and secondary screening procedures.Once in Frankfurt CIA hackers can travel without further border checks to the 25 European countries that are part of the Shengen open border area   including France, Italy and Switzerland.A number of the CIA s electronic attack methods are designed for physical proximity. These attack methods are able to penetrate high security networks that are disconnected from the internet, such as police record database. In these cases, a CIA officer, agent or allied intelligence officer acting under instructions, physically infiltrates the targeted workplace. The attacker is provided with a USB containing malware developed for the CIA for this purpose, which is inserted into the targeted computer. The attacker then infects and exfiltrates data to removable media. For example, the CIA attack system Fine Dining, provides 24 decoy applications for CIA spies to use. To witnesses, the spy appears to be running a program showing videos (e.g VLC), presenting slides (Prezi), playing a computer game (Breakout2, 2048) or even running a fake virus scanner (Kaspersky, McAfee, Sophos). But while the decoy application is on the screen, the underlaying system is automatically infected and ransacked.In what is surely one of the most astounding intelligence own goals in living memory, the CIA structured its classification regime such that for the most market valuable part of  Vault 7    the CIA s weaponized malware (implants + zero days), Listening Posts (LP), and Command and Control (C2) systems   the agency has little legal recourse.The CIA made these systems unclassified.Why the CIA chose to make its cyberarsenal unclassified reveals how concepts developed for military use do not easily crossover to the  battlefield  of cyber  war .To attack its targets, the CIA usually requires that its implants communicate with their control programs over the internet. If CIA implants, Command & Control and Listening Post software were classified, then CIA officers could be prosecuted or dismissed for violating rules that prohibit placing classified information onto the Internet. Consequently the CIA has secretly made most of its cyber spying/war code unclassified. The U.S. government is not able to assert copyright either, due to restrictions in the U.S. Constitution. This means that cyber  arms  manufactures and computer hackers can freely  pirate  these  weapons  if they are obtained. The CIA has primarily had to rely on obfuscation to protect its malware secrets.Conventional weapons such as missiles may be fired at the enemy (i.e into an unsecured area). Proximity to or impact with the target detonates the ordnance including its classified parts. Hence military personnel do not violate classification rules by firing ordnance with classified parts. Ordnance will likely explode. If it does not, that is not the operator s intent.Over the last decade U.S. hacking operations have been increasingly dressed up in military jargon to tap into Department of Defense funding streams. For instance, attempted  malware injections  (commercial jargon) or  implant drops  (NSA jargon) are being called  fires  as if a weapon was being fired. However the analogy is questionable.Unlike bullets, bombs or missiles, most CIA malware is designed to live for days or even years after it has reached its  target . CIA malware does not  explode on impact  but rather permanently infests its target. In order to infect target s device, copies of the malware must be placed on the target s devices, giving physical possession of the malware to the target. To exfiltrate data back to the CIA or to await further instructions the malware must communicate with CIA Command & Control (C2) systems placed on internet connected servers. But such servers are typically not approved to hold classified information, so CIA command and control systems are also made unclassified.A successful  attack  on a target s computer system is more like a series of complex stock maneuvers in a hostile take-over bid or the careful planting of rumors in order to gain control over an organization s leadership rather than the firing of a weapons system. If there is a military analogy to be made, the infestation of a target is perhaps akin to the execution of a whole series of military maneuvers against the target s territory including observation, infiltration, occupation and exploitation.A series of standards lay out CIA malware infestation patterns which are likely to assist forensic crime scene investigators as well as Apple, Microsoft, Google, Samsung, Nokia, Blackberry, Siemens and anti-virus companies attribute and defend against attacks. Tradecraft DO s and DON Ts  contains CIA rules on how its malware should be written to avoid fingerprints implicating the  CIA, US government, or its witting partner companies  in  forensic review . Similar secret standards cover the  use of encryption to hide CIA hacker and malware communication (pdf), describing targets & exfiltrated data (pdf) as well as  executing payloads (pdf) and  persisting (pdf) in the target s machines over time.CIA hackers developed successful attacks against most well known anti-virus programs. These are documented in AV defeats, Personal Security Products, Detecting and defeating PSPs and PSP/Debugger/RE Avoidance. For example, Comodo was defeated by CIA malware placing itself in the Window s  Recycle Bin . While Comodo 6.x has a  Gaping Hole of DOOM .CIA hackers discussed what the NSA s  Equation Group  hackers did wrong and how the CIA s malware makers could avoid similar exposure.The CIA s Engineering Development Group (EDG) management system contains around 500 different projects (only some of which are documented by  Year Zero ) each with their own sub-projects, malware and hacker tools.The majority of these projects relate to tools that are used for penetration, infestation ( implanting ), control, and exfiltration.Another branch of development focuses on the development and operation of Listening Posts (LP) and Command and Control (C2) systems used to communicate with and control CIA implants; special projects are used to target specific hardware from routers to smart TVs.Some example projects are described below, but see  the table of contents for the full list of projects described by WikiLeaks   Year Zero .The CIA s hand crafted hacking techniques pose a problem for the agency. Each technique it has created forms a  fingerprint  that can be used by forensic investigators to attribute multiple different attacks to the same entity.This is analogous to finding the same distinctive knife wound on multiple separate murder victims. The unique wounding style creates suspicion that a single murderer is responsible. As soon one murder in the set is solved then the other murders also find likely attribution.The CIA s Remote Devices Branch s UMBRAGE group collects and maintains a substantial library of attack techniques  stolen  from malware produced in other states including the Russian Federation.With UMBRAGE and related projects the CIA cannot only increase its total number of attack types but also misdirect attribution by leaving behind the  fingerprints  of the groups that the attack techniques were stolen from.UMBRAGE components cover keyloggers, password collection, webcam capture, data destruction, persistence, privilege escalation, stealth, anti-virus (PSP) avoidance and survey techniques.Fine Dining comes with a standardized questionnaire i.e menu that CIA case officers fill out. The questionnaire is used by the agency s OSB (Operational Support Branch) to transform the requests of case officers into technical requirements for hacking attacks (typically  exfiltrating  information from computer systems) for specific operations. The questionnaire allows the OSB to identify how to adapt existing tools for the operation, and communicate this to CIA malware configuration staff. The OSB functions as the interface between CIA operational staff and the relevant technical support staff.Among the list of possible targets of the collection are  Asset ,  Liaison Asset ,  System Administrator ,  Foreign Information Operations ,  Foreign Intelligence Agencies  and  Foreign Government Entities . Notably absent is any reference to extremists or transnational criminals. The  Case Officer  is also asked to specify the environment of the target like the type of computer, operating system used, Internet connectivity and installed anti-virus utilities (PSPs) as well as a list of file types to be exfiltrated like Office documents, audio, video, images or custom file types. The  menu  also asks for information if recurring access to the target is possible and how long unobserved access to the computer can be maintained. This information is used by the CIA s  JQJIMPROVISE  software (see below) to configure a set of CIA malware suited to the specific needs of an operation. Improvise  is a toolset for configuration, post-processing, payload setup and execution vector selection for survey/exfiltration tools supporting all major operating systems like Windows (Bartender), MacOS (JukeBox) and Linux (DanceFloor). Its configuration utilities like Margarita allows the NOC (Network Operation Center) to customize tools based on requirements from  Fine Dining  questionnaires.HIVE is a multi-platform CIA malware suite and its associated control software. The project provides customizable implants for Windows, Solaris, MikroTik (used in internet routers) and Linux platforms and a Listening Post (LP)/Command and Control (C2) infrastructure to communicate with these implants.The implants are configured to communicate via HTTPS with the webserver of a cover domain; each operation utilizing these implants has a separate cover domain and the infrastructure can handle any number of cover domains.Each cover domain resolves to an IP address that is located at a commercial VPS (Virtual Private Server) provider. The public-facing server forwards all incoming traffic via a VPN to a  Blot  server that handles actual connection requests from clients. It is setup for optional SSL client authentication: if a client sends a valid client certificate (only implants can do that), the connection is forwarded to the  Honeycomb  toolserver that communicates with the implant; if a valid certificate is missing (which is the case if someone tries to open the cover domain website by accident), the traffic is forwarded to a cover server that delivers an unsuspicious looking website.The Honeycomb toolserver receives exfiltrated information from the implant; an operator can also task the implant to execute jobs on the target computer, so the toolserver acts as a C2 (command and control) server for the implant.Similar functionality (though limited to Windows) is provided by the RickBobby project.See the classified user and developer guides for HIVE.WikiLeaks published as soon as its verification and analysis were ready.In February the Trump administration has issued an Executive Order calling for a  Cyberwar  review to be prepared within 30 days.While the review increases the timeliness and relevance of the publication it did not play a role in setting the publication date Continue this story at WikileaksREAD MORE WIKILEAKS AT: 21st Century Wire WIKILEAKS FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22971,Facebook Now Decides What Is Branded Fake News,"21st Century Wire says Facebook knows best?Facebook has begun its rollout of the  Disputed Story  tag, which allows only ABC News, FactCheck.org, the Associated Press, Snopes and Politifact to determine if a story is  fake news .In the following video Stuart J. Hooper delves into the depths of the arrogance that Facebook is now exhibiting with this move, and how the failing mainstream media is only really interested in stopping their main competition   the exploding alternative media scene.Watch the video here: READ MORE ON  FAKE NEWS  AT: 21st Century Wire Fake News FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22972,Trump Halts Travel In New Executive Order,"21st Century Wire says After President Donald J. Trump s previous visa suspension was blocked by federal courts, he has fulfilled his vow to overturn this by introducing a new Executive Order temporarily blocking travel to the US for residents of six Muslim-majority countries pending revision of visa procedures. The order halts the issuance of new US visas to citizens of Iran, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen for the next 90 days.The new Executive Order was revealed to reporters today by Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. Due to increased co-operation between the Baghdad and US governments on background checks of applicants, Iraq is excluded from the Order.More on this report from Russia Today  RT  President Donald Trump has issued a new executive order, temporarily blocking travel to the US for residents of six Muslim-majority countries pending revision of visa procedures. The previous travel ban, issued in January, was blocked in federal courts.Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced the new executive order to reporters on Monday.The order halts the issuance of new US visas to citizens of Iran, Libya, Syria, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen for the next 90 days.Iraq, which was included in the January ban, was left off the list this time after the government in Baghdad agreed to increase cooperation with the US on background checks for its citizens applying for visas, AP reported.Iraqi Foreign Ministry spokesman Ahmed Jamal called the decision  an important step in the right direction  that  consolidates the strategic alliance between Baghdad and Washington in many fields, and at their forefront the war on terrorism. Tillerson thanked the government in Baghdad for working with the State Department on improving vetting, and called the order  a vital measure for protecting our national security. The new order also imposes a 120-day halt on refugee admissions from the six countries. Legal permanent residents ( Green Card  holders) from the countries will not be affected, however, Reuters reported citing a fact sheet supplied by the administration. Nothing in this executive order affects existing lawful permanent residents,  Kelly said, adding that Homeland Security will enforce it  humanely, respectfully and with professionalism.  Trump s senior aide Kellyanne Conway provided confirmation in an interview with Fox News on Monday. If you have travel docs, if you actually have a visa, if you are a legal permanent resident, you are not covered under this particular executive action,  Conway said, adding that the new order will go into effect on March 16 Continue this report at RT  READ MORE TRUMP AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22973,Nader Talebzadeh: They Planned and He Plans," Photo illustration by Patrick Henningsen@21WIRE  Nader Talebzadeh   21st Century WireThe American enlightenment has started.  The dormancy of over three decades, and the miseries that the United States has put dozens of nations through, have begun to cease. The torment that the Vietnamese went through and the innocent lives that perished under US drones in Afghanistan and Pakistan are beginning to find their answers.  But not in international tribunals or world system of justice. No. In people s conscious, the great divide in the American population is the first sure sign of a change to come.Ever since the unwelcome appearance of Donald Trump on the US governmental scene, the first president not to be placed into position by the deep state, the inquisition over what is going on has begun.Americans, more than ever are perplexed about their future. Their past is vague, and no matter how hard they peer into the rear view mirror   for those Americans, it doesn t make sense.9/11 doesn t make sense.The occupation of Iraq and Afghanistan doesn t make sense.The admittance to not finding any WMDs in Iraq and yet occupying it, doesn t make sense.To cause the deaths of 500, 000 children, and say it was worth the kill by the administrators   doesn t make sense.The cover-up for 9/11 doesn t make sense. To start a global war on terror and not explain how 9/11 occurred, or how a third building collapsed nine hours later, doesn t make sense.Obama s sudden appearance on the scene, doesn t make sense.The hundreds of books and articles that question the mechanism of the selection of Obama and never discussing them on the mainstream media, doesn t make sense.Obama placed in that position by the establishment, by the deep state, doesn t make sense.The blanked out middle-class of America, still pondering what happened, doesn t make sense.The fact that they lost their jobs beginning three decades ago, and having had to let go of their comfortable insured life working in an American factory, doesn t make sense.The abandoned factories and grand industries that once made America great, lying obsolete and deserted, doesn t make sense.Half of Detroit abandoned and deserted, doesn t make sense.The media cheering on its hallucinatory concussions all throughout these disasters, doesn t make sense.The PTSD ed war veterans and the official suicide rates of US soldiers on and off duty, go undetected and barely seen in the rear view mirror of the media, never make sense.All the common man sees today is one man attacked by the same mass  media that pushed them into the illegal wars and illegitimate debts from zero to $20 trillion, between 1979-2017, by some estimates.But the  buck stops here  as President Eisenhower once famously said. The heavy train loaded with old rusted debris is coming to a screeching halt. Meanwhile the curious are looking wide-eyed. NATO doesn t know where it really stands.  The think tanks of Washington   the hub of all mesmerizing strategies   are vacant, or their curtains half drawn. The Neocons are contemplating plan B. The  Israeli firsters  are caught off guard. They are planning ahead of time desperately. But whose ears do they have this time?! A man who calls the weapons of the think tanks, the mainstream media,  liars  ,  fake news !?Once the invisible sword, the likes of New York Times and CNN are today exposed and blunted. Who dared call CNN  liars ?! CNN engaged America meticulously into two  fake  wars which indebted the United States, and still avoided any blame. It was almost scripted and storyboarded like a Hollywood movie. Now, it is still loose, with acrobatic skills evading all detection like a skilled serial killer breathing in our civilized world.Now the eye-opening process has begun. Watch out for the six-packers and their evaporated illusions! You have finally awaken the slumbering slave of America, and awakened they are Alas! All empires go through these stages.  The awkward moments must be tolerated i.e. the president without a cabinet, the supporters with semi-automatic weapons guarding his speeches in Georgia and Florida. The anti-Semitic accusations that are being discussed in the morning regular sessions on CNN. The angry obliterated Alan Dershowitz who is nervously accusing CNN s moderator Don Lemon, of giving the anti-Semites their fifteen minutes of fame. They fear that it will catch fire on the colleges and universities.The masquerade however is over. The Paul Wolfowitzs, the Richard Perles, the Daniel Pipes have to face the masses. The not-so-innocent masses that succumbed to the beast s demands also wait. The confrontation lingers silently.  No one even knows these people  as Thomas Friedman of the New York Times once famously said in his interviews with the Haaretz. Twenty Five Neocons have planned and executed what has happened in the past two and a half decades.The wakeup call has rung, the moment of illusion has disappeared. The apparent, sudden sun is beginning to shine gloriously, one ray at a time. Wash your face and watch the unfolding.21WIRE contributor Nader Talebzadeh is an Iranian filmmaker, producer, writer, cultural and historical commentator and New Horizon Conference Chair, Channel One TV program host  A sr  (The Time ). READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22974,Trump Asks Congress To Investigate Former Obama Administration,"21st Century Wire says President Donald J. Trump is leaving no stone unturned by asking the US Congress to investigate the alleged abuse of Executive powers by the Obama administration as part of the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the presidential election.The White House request was directed to  congressional intelligence committees  and asked them to  exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016. More on this report from Russia Today  RT   The White House has asked the US Congress to investigate alleged abuse of executive power by the Obama administration as part of the investigation into alleged Russian interference in the Presidential Election.The White House request released on Sunday was directed to  congressional intelligence committees  and required them to  exercise their oversight authority to determine whether executive branch investigative powers were abused in 2016. #BREAKING Trump is requesting congressional intel committees to determine whether the Obama adm. abused its investigative powers in 2016 pic.twitter.com/6gUQtxJSpJ  Rag p Soylu (@ragipsoylu) March 5, 2017(1/4) Reports concerning potentially politically motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election are very troubling.  Sarah Sanders (@PressSec) March 5, 2017The statement added that no further comments on the issue would come from either the White House or the president.The request comes a day after US President Donald Trump accused his predecessor of ordering the wiretapping of his phones during the election campaign Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22975,Rhodes Is Wrong And Trump Could Have The Last Laugh,"21st Century Wire says Yesterday, President Donald J. Trump accused his predecessor, Barack Obama, of ordering a  wire tap  at Trump Tower prior to the Presidential Election. Yes, a  wire tap . Sounds pretty unsophisticated in this day and age as a means of SIGINT in the post Snowden revelation era where there are numerous more  covert  methods available to agencies. Democrats and other mainstream pundits wasted no time in defending Obama and criticizing Trump s lack of evidence in the matter. One of these voices was Ben Rhodes, Obama s former Senior Advisor. He also said  only a liar  could make the case, as Trump suggested, that Obama wire tapped Trump Tower ahead of the election. Shortly after Rhodes took to Twitter in defense of Obama, this article from 2013 became viral that seemed to hold together Trump s allegation of  wire-tapping . To add to the Obama accusations, Wikileaks weighed in with the following;Obama has a history of tapping & hacking his friends and rivals https://t.co/XbwyNSwTXg #NSA #PRISM #Merkel #Sarkozy #BanKiMoon #WTO #Trump pic.twitter.com/5CebcnkFgn  WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) March 5, 2017More on this report from Zerohedge  Tyler Durden ZerohedgeFollowing Trump s stunning allegation that Obama wiretapped the Trump Tower in October of 2016, prior to the presidential election, which may or may not have been sourced from a Breitbart story, numerous Democrats and media pundits have come out with scathing accusations that Trump is either mentally disturbed, or simply has no idea what he is talking about.The best example of this came from Ben Rhodes, a former senior adviser to President Obama in his role as deputy National Security Advisor, who slammed Trump s accusation, insisting that  No President can order a wiretap. Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people like you.  He also said  only a liar  could make the case, as Trump suggested, that Obama wire tapped Trump Tower ahead of the election.No President can order a wiretap. Those restrictions were put in place to protect citizens from people like you. https://t.co/lEVscjkzSw  Ben Rhodes (@brhodes) March 4, 2017It would appear, however, that Rhodes is wrong, especially as pertains to matters of Foreign Intelligence Surveillance, and its associated FISA court, under which the alleged wiretap of Donald Trump would have been granted, as it pertained specifically to Trump s alleged illicit interactions with Russian entities.In Chapter 36 of Title 50 of the US Code *War and National Defense , Subchapter 1, Section 1802, we read the following:(1) Notwithstanding any other law, the President, through the Attorney General, may authorize electronic surveillance without a court order under this sub-chapter to acquire foreign intelligence information for periods of up to one year if the Attorney General certifies in writing under oath that (A) the electronic surveillance is solely directed at  (i) the acquisition of the contents of communications transmitted by means of communications used exclusively between or among foreign powers, as defined in section 1801(a)(1), (2), or (3) of this title; or (ii) the acquisition of technical intelligence, other than the spoken communications of individuals, from property or premises under the open and exclusive control of a foreign power, as defined in section 1801(a)(1), (2), or (3) of this title;(B) there is no substantial likelihood that the surveillance will acquire the contents of any communication to which a United States person is a party; and(C) the proposed minimization procedures with respect to such surveillance meet the definition of minimization procedures under section 1801(h) of this title; and if the Attorney General reports such minimization procedures and any changes thereto to the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence at least thirty days prior to their effective date, unless the Attorney General determines immediate action is required and notifies the committees immediately of such minimization procedures and the reason for their becoming effective immediately.While (B) seems to contradict the underlying permissive nature of Section 1802 as it involves a United States person, what the Snowden affair has demonstrated all too clearly, is how frequently the NSA and FISA court would make US citizens collateral damage. To be sure, many pointed out the fact that Fox News correspondent James Rosen was notoriously wiretapped in 2013 when the DOJ was investigating government leaks. The Associated Press was also infamously wiretapped in relation to the same investigation.Furthermore, while most Democrats   not to mention former president Obama himself   have been harshly critical of Trump s comments, some such as former Obama speechwriter Jon Favreau was quite clear in his warning to reporters that Obama did not say there was no wiretapping, effectively confirming it:I'd be careful about reporting that Obama said there was no wiretapping. Statement just said that neither he nor the WH ordered it.  Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) March 4, 2017Continue this report at ZerohedgeREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire TRUMP FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22976,Trump Rally In Austin TX – Protesters Largely Outnumbered by Trump Supporters,"21st Century Wire says Trump supporters gathered at a rally in Austin TX on a rainy March 4th to participate in the nationwide gathering of citizens in support of President Trump, marching to state capitals to promote peaceful unity, as described by the call to the gathering:This is a nationwide event in states across the country!Let s support our President and stop the hate! Please join us in this effort to unite the citizens of this great country. Bring your signs and flags to support our President and his administration   wear your Trump gear! We are also supporting our military, veterans and law enforcement. Please bring donations for homeless/veterans such as canned goods, clothing, blankets and hygiene products.Disclaimer: This is a peaceful assembly. Please do not impede traffic, litter, vandalize, or do anything else illegal and unbefitting. Act worthy of yourselves. Any violators will be asked to leave and turned over to authorities when appropriate. If your intentions are other than peaceful this event is not for you.We welcome your participation & sharing/inviting/spreading the word!Trump supporters of all creeds, colors and backgrounds showed up, in the rain, to be there for the event.Trump supporters march on Texas Capitol, Austin TX 3/4/17 .  We Americans must learn not to be so quick to jump to conclusions about others! pic.twitter.com/sqsYS2Ktke  Jeff DeRiso (@JeffDeRiso) March 4, 2017With all the talk of reactionary Anti-Trump demonstration being hyped on mainstream media, one would expected throngs of protesters at the event, but if the image below represents the size of the protest group. Despite the rain and high winds, they were greatly outnumbered by the March4Trump rally.There was one brief scuffle between protesters and Trump supporters when a masked protester tried to take the American flag from a rally goer, which you can see in the embedded highlights video below.Videographer, Jeff DeRiso, captured a highlights video of the event.READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22977,Two Trump Tweets Debunk Russian Connection Conspiracy,"21st Century Wire says Partisan liberal hypocrisy strikes again.Yesterday, Trump debunked the Russian connection conspiracy by exposing two photographs, via his Twitter, which show two key Democratic conspiracy theorists, Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer, meeting with Russia s Dmitry Medvedev and Vladimir Putin respectively.In the following video report, Stuart J. Hooper shows the extent of how truly ridiculous the Russian connection conspiracy really is after the outing of these new photos:Watch the video here: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22978,EP #15: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Crisis of American Liberalism’ with guest Caleb Maupin," Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and globally at Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 15 This week we cover the America s turbulent transition of power, as President Trump continues to search for his political mojo in Washington DC Tonight, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest, author and roving correspondent for RT News International and author, Calib Maupin, to talk about his new book, The 2016 Elections & The Crisis of American Liberalism, and how the new shifting political landscape in America is shaping up   Trump, Soros and how the old Left-Right binary system is searching for a new coherence. Listen Listen to  EP 15: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with Caleb Maupin  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 9pm to 10pm MST, post-drive time and after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22979,Boiler Room #99 – Almost to 100!,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Infidel Pharaoh, Funk Soul, Andy Nowicki of Alt-Right Blogspot, Jay Dyer from Jays Analysis and Randy J for the 99th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the crew. Tonight the gang is discussing the latest a myriad of news and main stream media shenanigans that have taken place since the last meeting of the ACR brain-trust know as THE BOILER ROOM.Direct Download Episode #99Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22980,Should We Worry About McMaster as Trump’s National Security Advisor?,"21st Century Wire says Is McMaster going to reignite tensions with Russia?In the follow video Stuart J. Hooper asks if we should be worried about General McMaster replacing General Flynn as Trump s National Security Advisor.While Flynn understood that Russia has a sphere of influence in the world that the US should be wary of encroaching upon, McMaster is the author of a report entitled  The Russia New Generation Warfare Study , which is,  is intended to ignite a wholesale rethinking and possibly even a redesign of the Army in the event it has to confront the Russians in Eastern Europe .Watch the report video here: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22981,Donald Trump’s TRILLION Dollar Bombshell,"21st Century Wire says Is this the biggest new nugget to be found in Trump s joint address from last night?In the following video, Stuart J. Hooper examines Trump s promise to ask Congress for a one trillion dollar fund to rebuild America s infrastructure.Is it possible that this will create millions of jobs? But what of the potential problems that might emerge from the fact that it will be a public-private partnership? Let us know in the comments below.Watch the video here: READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22982,MOCKINGBIRD MIRROR: Declassified Docs Depict Deeper Link Between the CIA and American Media,"21st Century Wire says Over the past month, more than 12 million declassified documents from the CIA have been reportedly published online. While the intelligence docu-dump supposedly sheds additional light on covert war programs, psychic research and the Cold War era, it also contains more evidence confirming the symbiotic relationship between the CIA and American media. In late January the UK s Guardian reported that the CIA themselves released millions of documents online: The CIA has published more than 12 million pages of declassified documents online, making decades of US intelligence files more easily accessible and searchable.The agency published the roughly 930,000 documents that make up the CIA Records Search Tool (Crest) on Tuesday. The online publication of the files was first reported by BuzzFeed News. Although all of the documents in Crest were part of the public record before Tuesday, they could only be inspected by visiting the National Archives in Maryland in person. Once at the archives, just four computers available only during business hours provided access to Crest. A lawsuit from the open-government nonprofit MuckRock prompted the CIA to make the documents available online. Further pressure to publish the documents came from the transparency advocate and journalist Michael Best, who began steadily scanning and uploading the documents one by one. Continuing, the Guardian reported that the CIA also kept files and documents on media organizations and individual reporters. In 2014, Best from MuckRock, filed a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit in order to get the CIA to post all of its documents online. Along the way, Best reportedly crowd-funded more than $15000 to  print out and then publicly upload the records, one by one, to apply pressure to the CIA. Although some mainstream outlets have been somewhat congratulatory of the CIA, many of the files released remain heavily redacted.In the early 1950 s, the CIA ran a wide-scale program called Operation Mockingbird that was said to have infiltrated the American news media in particular, which propagandized the public through various front organizations, magazines and cultural groups.  THE COMPANY    The Central Intelligence Agency of the United States. (Image Source: zerohedge.com)In recent years, there has been a series of surreal and unreal news stories since the Smith-Mundt Act was effectively rendered obsolete by US lawmakers on July 2nd 2013, as published by RT below: Until earlier this month, a longstanding federal law made it illegal for the US Department of State to share domestically the internally-authored news stories sent to American-operated outlets broadcasting around the globe. All of that changed effective July 2, when the Broadcasting Board of Governors (BBG) was given permission to let US households tune-in to hear the type of programming that has previously only been allowed in outside nations. The Smith-Mundt Act has ensured for decades that government-made media intended for foreign audiences doesn t end up on radio networks broadcast within the US. An amendment tagged onto the National Defense Authorization Act removed that prohibition this year. More from Washington s Blog below  (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Washington s BlogNewly-declassified documents show that a senior CIA agent and Deputy Director of the Directorate of Intelligence worked closely with the owners and journalists of many of the largest media outlets:The United States Senate Select Committee to Study Governmental Operations with Respect to Intelligence Activities found in 1975 that the CIA submitted stories to the American press:Wikipedia adds details:After 1953, the network was overseen by Allen W. Dulles, director of the CIA. By this time, Operation Mockingbird had a major influence over 25 newspapers and wire agencies. The usual methodology was placing reports developed from intelligence provided by the CIA to witting or unwitting reporters. Those reports would then be repeated or cited by the preceding reporters which in turn would then be cited throughout the media wire services.The Office of Policy Coordination (OPC) was funded by siphoning off funds intended for the Marshall Plan [i.e. the rebuilding of Europe by the U.S. after WWII]. Some of this money was used to bribe journalists and publishers.In 2008, the New York Times wrote:During the early years of the cold war, [prominent writers and artists, from Arthur Schlesinger Jr. to Jackson Pollock] were supported, sometimes lavishly, always secretly, by the C.I.A. as part of its propaganda war against the Soviet Union. It was perhaps the most successful use of  soft power  in American history.A CIA operative told Washington Post owner Philip Graham   in a conversation about the willingness of journalists to peddle CIA propaganda and cover stories:You could get a journalist cheaper than a good call girl, for a couple hundred dollars a month.Famed Watergate reporter Carl Bernstein wrote in 1977:More than 400 American journalists   in the past twenty five years have secretly carried out assignments for the Central Intelligence Agency, according to documents on file at CIA headquarters.***In many instances, CIA documents show, journalists were engaged to perform tasks for the CIA with the consent of the managements of America s leading news organizations.***Among the executives who lent their cooperation to the Agency were [the heads of CBS, Time, the New York Times, the Louisville Courier Journal, and Copley News Service. Other organizations which cooperated with the CIA include [ABC, NBC, AP, UPI, Reuters], Hearst Newspapers, Scripps Howard, Newsweek magazine, the Mutual Broadcasting System, the Miami Herald and the old Saturday Evening Post and New York Herald Tribune.***There is ample evidence that America s leading publishers and news executives allowed themselves and their organizations to become handmaidens to the intelligence services.  Let s not pick on some poor reporters, for God s sake,  William Colby exclaimed at one point to the Church committee s investigators.  Let s go to the managements.***The CIA even ran a formal training program in the 1950s to teach its agents to be journalists. Intelligence officers were  taught to make noises like reporters,  explained a high CIA official, and were then placed in major news organizations with help from management.***Once a year during the 1950s and early 1960s, CBS correspondents joined the CIA hierarchy for private dinners and briefings.***Allen Dulles often interceded with his good friend, the late Henry Luce, founder of Time and Life magazines, who readily allowed certain members of his staff to work for the Agency and agreed to provide jobs and credentials for other CIA operatives who lacked journalistic experience.***In the 1950s and early 1960s, Time magazine s foreign correspondents attended CIA  briefing  dinners similar to those the CIA held for CBS.***When Newsweek was purchased by the Washington Post Company, publisher Philip L. Graham was informed by Agency officials that the CIA occasionally used the magazine for cover purposes, according to CIA sources.  It was widely known that Phil Graham was somebody you could get help from,  said a former deputy director of the Agency.  Frank Wisner dealt with him.  Wisner, deputy director of the CIA from 1950 until shortly before his suicide in 1965, was the Agency s premier orchestrator of  black  operations, including many in which journalists were involved. Wisner liked to boast of his  mighty Wurlitzer,  a wondrous propaganda instrument he built, and played, with help from the press.)***In November 1973, after [the CIA claimed to have ended the program], Colby told reporters and editors from the New York Times and the Washington Star that the Agency had  some three dozen  American newsmen  on the CIA payroll,  including five who worked for  general circulation news organizations.  Yet even while the Senate Intelligence Committee was holding its hearings in 1976, according to high level CIA sources, the CIA continued to maintain ties with seventy five to ninety journalists of every description executives, reporters, stringers, photographers, columnists, bureau clerks and members of broadcast technical crews. More than half of these had been moved off CIA contracts and payrolls but they were still bound by other secret agreements with the Agency. According to an unpublished report by the House Select Committee on Intelligence, chaired by Representative Otis Pike, at least fifteen news organizations were still providing cover for CIA operatives as of 1976.***Those officials most knowledgeable about the subject say that a figure of 400 American journalists is on the low side  . There were a lot of representations that if this stuff got out some of the biggest names in journalism would get smeared   .An expert on propaganda testified under oath during trial that the CIA now employs THOUSANDS of reporters and OWNS its own media organizations. Whether or not his estimate is accurate, it is clear that many prominent reporters still report to the CIA.A 4-part BBC documentary called the  Century of the Self  shows that an American   Freud s nephew, Edward Bernays   created the modern field of manipulation of public perceptions, and the U.S. government has extensively used his techniques.More from Washington s Blog here READ MORE PROPAGANDA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Propaganda FilesREAD MORE PENTAGON NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Pentagon FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE by subscribing and becoming a MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22983,Trump’s First Congressional Speech Stuns Media Detractors – Stock Markets Rally,"21st Century Wire says Last night, an embattled President Donald Trump gave his first address to Congress. The results surprised even his fiercest critics. He became president of the United States in that moment, period,  said Trump critic and CNN commentator Van Jones.  That was one of the most extraordinary moments you have ever seen in American politics. Period. Make no mistake, it was a house divided, but it seems that the White House achieved its chief objective   to stop the public relations hemorrhaging, for now at least.One unusual aspect of this Trump speech   reports suggest that the President actually spent the day of his first address to a joint session of Congress revising and rehearsing his speech.It seemed to have paid off. Immediately after his speech, Trump rallied with a jump in approval ratings, and a sharp stock market rally.All signs are that America might finally have a President   for the moment  SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22984,Hollywood Hip to Al Qaeda: ‘And the Oscar for Best Documentary Short goes to…’," Alex Christoforou The DuranIt should come as no surprise that a film celebrating the White Helmets scooped up an Oscar for best short documentary. Might as well hand the Oscar to ISIS leader Ab  Bakr al-Baghdadi.Far from a humanitarian organisation, the White Helmets are an Al Qaeda staffed propaganda group that is embedded with brutal jihadists looking to overthrow the sovereign government of Syria.Watch this CrossTalk episode to learn who the White Helmets represent  Al Jazeera reports Accepting the Academy Award, director Orlando von Einsiedel urged the audience to stand up and call for an end to Syria s six-year civil war, which led to a standing ovation.Von Einsiedel read out a statement from White Helmets founder Raed al-Saleh, in which he thanked the academy and said the group had saved tens of thousands of lives since it was formed in 2014. We are so grateful that this film has highlighted our work to the world. Our organisation is guided by a verse from the Quran: to save one life is to save all of humanity,  Saleh s statement said. We have saved more than 82,000 Syrian lives. I invite anyone here who hears me to work on the side of life to stop the bloodshed in Syria and around the world. Rescue workers in Syria are at risk of being killed in so-called  double tap  air raids that target them as they arrive at the scene of an air strike. The group says that many of its volunteers have been killed.Syrian cinematographer Khaled Khatib who worked on the documentary was unable to attend after being barred from entering the United States, despite being granted a visa.US officials reportedly discovered  derogatory information  about him, according to a document seen by the Associated Press news agency.The film s producer Joanna Natasegara told AP on Sunday that the decision was  sad and confusing. Nothing sad and confusing  about it. The White Helmets are Al Nusra, aka Al Qaeda, aka ISIS.Need more proof? WATCH THIS VIDEO. SHARE THESE IMAGES  READ MORE WHITE HELMETS NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire White Helmet FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@21WIRE.TV",0
22985,NOTHING NEW: ‘Fake’ & Weaponized News Has Long Haunted Our War-Weary World," In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, and due to our readers  engagement on this important issue, 21WIRE is extending its #FakeNewsWeek awareness campaign for additional week, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media s  fake news  assembly line  Hearst vs Pulitzer battle for the yellow journalism title (Image Source: US Library of Congress)Mark Anderson 21st Century WireToday s  fake news crisis is by no means a recent phenomenon born during the Presidential campaign of Donald J. Trump, as the mainstream media would have us believe, even while big media outlets hypocritically label alternative news outlets as the sole source of fake news.Not only is America suffering under the maliciously misleading fake news peddled by today s  mainstream  media; America and the world also have gravely suffered, at least since the mid-19th Century, under an orthodox media that was   and remains   a weaponized menace to peace and social concord. There is hardly a more unsettling example of an early war-mongering media figure than famed editor Horace Greeley.Stepping back for a moment, it s notable that the liberal-internationalist New York Times  unlike liberal-left street protestors who typically march against U.S. military intervention in foreign lands   has long interpreted liberalism quite differently on the geopolitical level. Our esteemed  newspaper of record  spanning three centuries, has frequently used its pages to call for, justify or not seriously challenge claims made by governments as the pretext for highly questionable military interventions. This has led to the current reality of perpetual, unwinnable  conflicts  that are prosecuted without even the pretense of Congress officially declaring war as the Constitution requires.And pesky facts   such as the reality that former Iraqi leader Saddam Hussein never possessed the kind or quantity of  weapons of mass destruction  to excuse the U.S.-led coalition s March 2003  shock and awe  intervention in Iraq   have never been allowed to obstruct the Times  support for Iraq and subsequent wars. The role of the Times, along with its staff reporter Judith Miller, in presenting the false case for that war is well documented. In addition to this, a tertiary story that Saddam Hussein was hosting al Qaeda terrorists and he have been involved in the 9/11 attacks of 2001, was concocted by members of the Bush Administration and then injected into both the US and British mainstream media.All that was needed was somebody to hate in the true Orwellian tradition, so the military-industrial-banking-intelligence-media complex gave Americans Iraq as the phony target of their revenge.DRUMMING-UP A  CIVIL  WARAll told, the Times  famous slogan,  All the News That s Fit to Print  might just as well be:  All the Wars That Are Fit to Fight. So, it s all the more ironic that of all newspapers, the New York Times, on July 28, 2011, in a respectable article by James M. Lundberg, clearly outlined (in accordance with other sources) Horace Greeley s unhinged Times-style actions to help propel the U.S. into an incredibly bloody war against itself   the grossly misnamed  Civil War.  (A civil war is that in which two or more factions fight for control of a government, while this war involved southern states seceding from the Union to form another government. Big media and court historians don t even bother using correct terms.)19th Century media mogul Horace Greeley.Horace Greeley (1811-1872) founded and edited the widely influential New York Tribune. Having served briefly as a congressman from New York, he also was the new Liberal Republican Party s unsuccessful candidate in the 1872 presidential election against incumbent President Ulysses S. Grant  the celebrated Union general whose military actions were partly made possible by Greeley s poison pen. To Greeley, the pen was not mightier than the sword; rather, his pen was a sword, wielded in zealous pursuit of a fratricidal war that ended up solidifying federal dominance over the several states.Under the robber barons of Greeley s day (who would later foist a central bank on America, based on several economic  panics  that the big newspapers hyped, instilling widespread fear) such federal dominance became an enduring debt slavery that, to this day, has arguably made all Americans into perpetual serfs under the yoke of compound interest, massive taxes and endless toil. And Greeley s fingerprints are all over that bleak outcome, however unwitting he may have been about it.Greeley and the Tribune railed over the South s black agrarian slavery and urged the North to take up arms to  end  such servitude, while northern media moguls kept extremely quiet about the slavery of children working in northern factories.Lundberg noted,  It didn t take long for Horace Greeley, the nation s most loved, hated and widely read newspaper editor, to become impatient with the progress of the war. From the moment news of Major Robert Anderson s [northern] surrender at Fort Sumter reached New York City, drumbeats and bugle calls for immediate military action could be heard in the columns of Greeley s paper, the New York Tribune. Greeley and his deputies, while ignoring the towering task that others would have to undertake to prepare for the anticipated titanic collision of military forces, poured his messianic vision into the Tribune s pages to sway the people toward war, although even President Lincoln himself was not yet on  the same page  as Greeley. But the delusional Mr. Greeley would not settle for a mere sovereign making his own decisions. Never mind the logistical challenge of assembling, arming and training a suitable military force   the people, or at least the [Tribune] editors, were ready, and there was hardly a moment to lose. What appeared to be lacking, from Greeley s perspective, was a necessary vigor from President Lincoln and his administration,  Lundberg wrote.  Within a week of Lincoln s initial call for volunteers on April 15, 1861, the Tribune was already sharply critical of [Lincoln s] apparent sluggishness. Greeley gloated that the  People  supposedly stood ready to fight  with old flint-lock muskets if [they] can get no better.  But, he wondered,  Will the government stand by the People?  And before April was out and military operations still hadn t started, Greeley, casting objectivity aside and seeking the dehumanization of the South, was reminding Lincoln:  We are at war with these pestilent rebels and traitors,  while urging  heavy and instantaneous blows at Maryland and Virginia. The manipulation of the narrative did not end there. Greeley even called for the absolute conquest of the South on the first of May, 1861.  We mean to conquer them,  he blathered,  and we shall do this most mercifully, the more speedily we do it.  Who could argue with an offer as gracious as merciful conquest?As Lundberg explained, Greeley believed  the Union could be saved and much bloodshed spared with swift, decisive Federal action. And swift, decisive action would be effective because the Rebels were weak, disorganized and unlikely to fight if their cause of independence appeared lost.  Moreover, Greeley believed that  secession had been the work of a small minority of fire-eating fanatics; a quick blow and a little taste of the full force of the Union Army would embolden the silent majority of Southern Unionists he believed had yet to be roused. But it was easy for Greeley, who couldn t have had the slightest idea how this clash of arms would turn out, to assume from the safety of his desk that bloodshed could be spared by a quick attack. Such a large-scale battle of Americans against Americans   brother against brother, fathers against sons in some cases, reddening U.S. soil itself on such a huge scale   was an unprecedented, utterly unpredictable thing. If sparing bloodshed was to be the goal, then avoiding war would have been the prudent path. But poisoning public opinion via newsprint, in favor of war, would make war appear unavoidable on both sides of the conflict.Greeley, having seriously injured himself chopping wood on his Chappaqua Farm, tapped Fitz Henry Warren, a Washington correspondent, to watch over the newspaper. Warren promptly filed a trembling dispatch, describing Union forces in ultra-glowing terms. And while Greeley popularized the well-known words  Go West, young man  in the days of westward expansion and the opportunities it afforded, another phrase that historians associate with Greeley s newspaper was born in latter May of 1861:  On to Richmond! But according to Lundberg, it was Warren who sired that refrain and also declared:  Unloose your chivalry, Man of high command . . . pierce the vitals of Virginia, and scourge the serpent seed of her rebellion on the crowning heights of Richmond. Keep in mind that the simmering North-South conflict hadn t yet morphed into a full-blown war, even as Greeley s paper agitated for all-out war and never allowed for cooler heads to prevail. For many, the unavoidable question is: Whose war was this? The Union s? Or the New York Tribune s?Warren wasn t the only Tribune staffer to escalate the nation into full-blown war. The  On to Richmond!  slogan, which at first was printed in the Tribune s tiny type within dense columns of war correspondence, was given new life with slightly different wording by the Tribune s Charles A. Dana about a month later. As Lincoln and his commanders continued careful deliberations, Dana recklessly threw the paper s full weight behind Warren s idea that Richmond must be taken immediately. Beginning June 28, the paper s masthead bore in boldface what Dana called:THE NATION S WAR-CRY Forward to Richmond! Forward to Richmond! The Rebel Congress must not be allowed to meet there on the 20th of July! BY THAT DATE THE PLACE MUST BE HELD BY THE NATIONAL ARMY!Greeley did come to his senses a little. He soon came to regret his subordinates  choice of words when the Union s push toward Richmond became the deadly debacle of Bull Run on July 21, 1861 following the approximate schedule that had been urged by the Tribune. Furious rebuttals against Greeley came from the Northern public and some press, as saner minds saw the travesty of the situation at a time when unlike today mainstream news journals were not so centrally controlled and offered a reasonable divergence of opinion.As Lundberg related,  Henry Jarvis Raymond s Times blasted the  insane clamor  of  certain reckless journals  and their  senseless and incessant cry  of  Onward to Richmond. But the Albany Evening Journal, offered an especially precise appraisal:  The  on to Richmond  dictators [emphasis added] have added another year to the war, a hundred millions of dollars to its cost, and opened graves for fifteen or twenty thousand more soldiers. The Albany paper, perhaps not realizing the full import of its own words, had pinpointed what Greeley s Tribune had become   a weaponized media, which would become the norm in the mainstream media as the 19th Century gave way to the 20th Century, and into the 21st Century.WAVERING FALSE FLAGSThe great  unmentionable,  however, is something that this New York Times account of Greeley s exploits did not address and which the Times will always avoid altogether: That the South s April 1861 attack on a Union military outpost at Fort Sumter, S.C., which provided the initial push toward the  Civil War,  would be a harbinger of things to come   in that it was a type of  false flag  operation, clandestinely arranged by the White House to maneuver the South into firing the first shot, the same basic model used against Japan in the lead-up to Pearl Harbor 80 years later.And less than 40 years later, when the American battleship USS Maine, on Feb. 15, 1898, was destroyed in Havana harbor, the media s lack of seeking accurate knowledge as to exactly what blew up the ship gave leading 19th Century newspapermen the platform they needed to instead detonate  information bombs , once again, instilling fear and overriding wiser counsel in order to blame Spain, and catapulting the U.S. into the Spanish-American War   the first international-scale war that set the dangerous precedent of constant U.S. military patrols and interventionism across the world.The leading fake news figures of that era who so inflamed public opinion toward that war are still household names: William Randolph Hearst and Joseph Pulitzer, the latter being the namesake of the famed Pulitzer Prize in Journalism.  These two moguls, who became emblematic of the era of sensationalized  Yellow Journalism , competed to see who could better ratchet up war fever against Spain.Hearst, on whom the movie Citizen Kane was loosely based, with Orson Wells playing the media mogul, was an especially reckless newsman. Ironically, Hearst had developed his passion for journalism in his early 20s and wrote for the Harvard Lampoon while a college student before working as an apprentice for the New York World s editor, none other than future rival Joseph Pulitzer.  Hearst s father had become wealthy from Western mining interests, so the younger Hearst was able to use his dad s backing to acquire the New York Journal. As Hearst sought to gain readership for his New York Journal against Pulitzer s New York World, he pursued increasingly sensational stories,  author and history teacher Ian C. Friedman noted online.   Front pages shouted about the boy who bit into a stick of dynamite thinking it was candy and leading to an  awful death,  and a tale of a deranged girl running down a street with her hair  all ablaze,  and other stories of violence, sex, catastrophe, and mayhem were typical of what became known as yellow journalism, so named because the newly-introduced colored comics sections often spread [yellow ink] to other parts of these newspapers. Hearst s penchant for publishing fake or exaggerated stuff as if it s  real  or accurate was given full reign as he angled for an ill-advised, pointless U.S. intervention in Cuba. In so doing, he took the forbidden leap from journalism to war participation. [He] was persistent in finding ways to achieve it, including organizing a daring and successful rescue mission to free a young, female Cuban political prisoner, Evangelina Cisneros, which he proudly trumpeted on the front page of the Journal,  Friedman added.  Though the Cuban insurrection against their Spanish rulers was stagnating, Hearst continued to send many of his high-profile writers and illustrators to the Cuba in hopes of capturing a great story.  Among Hearst s employees was the famed illustrator Frederic Remington.  In 1897, Remington became very bored by the lack of anything newsworthy in Cuba and cabled to Hearst,  Everything quiet. There is no trouble here. There will be no war. Wish to return. Responding to Remington s message, Hearst famously replied,  Please remain.  You furnish the pictures and I ll furnish the war. Less than three weeks later, the USS Maine exploded in Havana s harbor. The cause of the explosion that claimed 274 lives remains a mystery to this day.  Theories include that the ship detonated an external mine; that the blast was caused by an undetected internal coal fire; that it was attacked by the Spanish; and even that it was intentionally attacked under a clandestine American operation to force the U.S. into the war on false pretenses.Clearly, if we do not know what happened to the Maine even now, then Hearst certainly did not know what happened at the time of the explosion, yet he published headlines such as,  CRISIS AT HAND . . . SPANISH TREACHERY . . . Maine Destroyed by An Outside Attack, Naval Officers Believe. Other  war first, ask questions later, if ever  situations would follow. The May 1915 sinking of the British passenger ship Lusitania, which, having been secretly loaded with munitions, is thought to have been used as bait to help spark World War I. And even if the German U-Boat which sank her was not directly  baited,  the British admiralty, in tandem with the American admiralty, knowingly and willfully let that ship leave New York loaded with munitions, bound for   shark-infested  waters (German U-boats). Yet the existence of the munitions was not officially admitted until 1982.Nearly 1,200 unwitting passengers and the crew perished in an event that shifted American opinion against Germany, priming the pump for the U.S. to enter the war.Moreover, gutsy historian John Toland and retired sailor and researcher Robert Stinnett, among others, exposed the FDR Administration with reams of evidence demonstrating how Washington DC knowingly baited the Japanese into attacking Pearl Harbor, an event which sparked U.S. entry into World War II (and also for treacherously denying Pearl Harbor s commanders any warning of the coming attack).Stinnett, who earned 10 battle stars and a Presidential Unit Citation in World War II and was in the same naval aerial photography group as George H.W. Bush, was no flunky. His book on Pearl Harbor,  Day of Deceit  absolutely destroys those who hopelessly cling to the  surprise attack  narrative, which still includes the deceitful big media.There was also the second of the two Gulf of Tonkin incidents on Aug. 4, 1964, in which North Vietnamese forces allegedly fired upon the U.S. Naval vessels. But an in-depth U.S. Naval Institute review found that the Aug. 4 incident, which was the turning point that led to full U.S. involvement in the Vietnam conflict, never happened.  There was not a second attack on U.S. Navy ships in the Tonkin Gulf in early August 1964. Furthermore, the evidence suggests a disturbing and deliberate attempt by Secretary of Defense McNamara to distort the evidence and mislead Congress,  the USNI concluded.Congress, without a responsibly skeptical press to rely upon, soon passed the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution to cement the U.S. into what became the Vietnam nightmare. But no formal war declaration ever occurred.TOTAL INSTITUTIONAL FAILURE? Yet, as increasingly more people in our Internet age ask harder questions and finally discover the truth about all these watershed events, only mainstream editors, reporters and court historians, with rare exceptions, believe the old official narratives anymore narratives which ushered America into wars in such a manner that war has become a permanent fixture in U.S. geo-politics.Put another way, the Western press has not only utterly failed to stop the power of government from ballooning into a perpetual war machine   despite institutional claims that it  speaks truth to power    the mainstream media has been a major agent in justifying and escalating wars, without ever acknowledging its dreadful history of doing so. Covering-up real history and failing to consider other viewpoints and correct the record is arguably another form of fake, weaponized news because it denies the world a full reckoning of its past, thereby making future wars much more likely.Instead, an honest look at history shows, with only minor exceptions, that the mainstream orthodox press of yesteryear laid the groundwork long ago for the modern centralized news institution that relishes in  fear porn    supporting ongoing war, mayhem and grave economic uncertainty by covering up past and present realities, avoiding solutions and constantly recycling the corrosive narratives that go nowhere and cause real, lasting harm and have put, and continue to put, large swaths of humanity into early graves.*** Author Mark Anderson is an investigative journalist and features writer for American Free Press, and is editor of The Truth Hound. Contact Mr. Anderson at truthhound2@yahoo.com. READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22986,STOCKHOLM STUDY: US & Europe Top Arms Trade Globally – Saudi Arabia’s Weapons Imports Skyrocket Over 200 Percent,"21st Century Wire says According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), arms imports to Middle Eastern countries have had an 86 percent upsurge over the past decade. In addition, US arms exports have amounted to nearly one third of global arms imports from 2012-16.  SAUDI STRIKES   Saudi Arabia has repeatedly violated human rights during their ongoing military intervention in Yemen since 2015. (Photo Illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)Stockholm s Arms ReportSIPRI is a Swedish based think-tank focused on independent research concerning  conflict, armaments, arms control and disarmament. Established in 1966, SIPRI provides data, analysis and recommendations, based on open sources, to policymakers, researchers, media and the interested public. The recently released Stockholm study yielded some stunning conclusions concerning arms exports from the US and Europe, in addition to arms imports acquired by Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) countries, most notably Saudi Arabia. According to this latest report from 2012-16, there has been the highest arms transfer volume over a 5-year stretch since the end of the Cold War. Here s a passage from the SPIRI armament findings that have dovetailed the ongoing Western-backed regime change campaign in Syria as well as Yemen: Saudi Arabia was the world s second largest arms importer in 2012-16, with an increase of 212 per cent compared with 2007 11. Arms imports by Qatar went up by 245 per cent. Although at lower rates, the majority of other states in the region also increased arms imports.  Over the past five years, most states in the Middle East have turned primarily to the USA and Europe in their accelerated pursuit of advanced military capabilities , said Pieter Wezeman, Senior Researcher with the SIPRI Arms and Military Expenditure Programme.  Despite low oil prices, countries in the region continued to order more weapons in 2016, perceiving them as crucial tools for dealing with conflicts and regional tensions. Continuing, the wartime study revealed the extensive arms supplies exported by the US in recent years: The USA supplies major arms to at least 100 countries around the world significantly more than any other supplier state , said Dr Aude Fleurant, Director of the SIPRI Arms and Military Expenditure Programme.  Both advanced strike aircraft with cruise missiles and other precision-guided munitions and the latest generation air and missile defence systems account for a significant share of US arms exports. Saudi Siege in YemenIn 2015, a US-backed coalition led by Saudi Arabia and other GCC countries, directed airstrikes inside Yemen, continuing their breach of international law after announcing a ceasefire and the apparent end of Operation Decisive Storm. The Pentagon sanctioned Decisive Storm, gave way to the Orwellian-sounding,  Operation Restoring Hope , even as the UN raised concerns over civilians killed throughout the consecutive Saudi Arabian airstrike campaigns in the region.In October of 2016, Time magazine confirmed the growing wartime alliance between the US and its Saudi partners as the intervention in Yemen escalated. It was then revealed that Saudi Arabia, purchased more than $20 billion in arms from the U.S. in 2015 alone. While Western allies claimed that the Saudi-led airstrikes on Yemen were meant to  restore  order   there was no explanation as to how the unprovoked bombardment would help bring stability to an already fractured region.Almost a month after the Saudi-led airstrikes in Yemen began, the LA Times published a piece entitled,  Al Qaeda in Yemen using chaos of war to carve out terrorism haven. The mainstream outlet outlined the rise of Al Qaeda militants in Yemen, also known as Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) following the dubious air raids conducted by Saudi Arabia.The AQAP narrative was preempted by a Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) March 19th release one week before bombing in Yemen began. The article also curiously predicted the rise of AQAP (and other Sunni extremists) as a symptom of the US-GCC proxy war in Yemen: A sectarian conflict in Yemen could help AQAP exploit the instability and expand its domestic insurgency among Sunni communities. When considering the recent arms report outlined by SIPRI, we can clearly see a how a Western engineered proxy landscape took its shape in both Syria and Yemen over the past several years. Think-tank planners telegraphed their predictions around existing military operations already put in motion.Problem, reaction, solution   COAT OF ARMS    The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute. (Image Source: sasnetold.eu)Western-backed Terror ExposedIn December of 2016, 21WIRE discussed the recent Stop Funding Terrorism Bill (HR 5433) openly supported by US Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard: Previously 21WIRE reported how US Congresswoman Tulsi Gabbard (HI-D) received a somewhat hostile  reception when talking with CNN s Jake Tapper about her  Stop Funding Terrorism Bill.  Gabbard is the first US legislator since the 1980 s to openly highlight the very real problem of US clandestine services arming and supporting violent internatonal terrorist organizations, particularly those currently operating inside of Syria.Interestingly, Gabbard s important move to stop international terrorism comes at the exact same time when the outgoing President Obama has pushed his own executive action to lift all restrictions on US arms exports and support to proxy  rebel  or terrorist fighting groups operating in Syria and elsewhere. In this context, we can see clearly that there is a moral battle being fought in Washington   between those who oppose terrorism   and those like President Obama and Senator John McCain, who have seen it as useful  in the pursuit of their own geopolitical objectives, particularly by their open support of terrorist factions in Syria. Gabbard recently returned from a fact finding trip to Syria where she stated that Syrian people expressed that there are  no moderate rebels  fighting inside the embattled nation. Watch her discuss the matter with CNN s Jake Tapper below In 2013, the NY Times openly discussed the CIA s arms shipments (with Turkish aid) to parts of the Middle East, namely, Jordan, Qatar and Saudi Arabia. Unbeknownst to most US taxpayers at the time, the CIA was arming so-called  moderate  Syrian rebels, many of which have had links to terror. Here s a passage from the March 2013 NY Times report, that disclosed the Langley sanctioned arms shipments to rebels: With help from the C.I.A., Arab governments and Turkey have sharply increased their military aid to Syria s opposition fighters in recent months, expanding a secret airlift of arms and equipment for the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad, according to air traffic data, interviews with officials in several countries and the accounts of rebel commanders.The airlift, which began on a small scale in early 2012 and continued intermittently through last fall, expanded into a steady and much heavier flow late last year, the data shows. It has grown to include more than 160 military cargo flights by Jordanian, Saudi and Qatari military-style cargo planes landing at Esenboga Airport near Ankara, and, to a lesser degree, at other Turkish and Jordanian airports. In June of 2016, the content analysis site Media Research Center underscored the US-Saudi  rebel training  revelations:This training program, authorized by President Obama in 2013, allows the Central Intelligence Agency to arm and train Syrian rebels under the codename Timber Sycamore. Several days ago, the NYT reported the intricate history of the U.S.-Saudi arms relationship in Syria:  the C.I.A. and its Saudi counterpart have maintained an unusual arrangement for the rebel-training mission, which the Americans have code-named Timber Sycamore. Under the deal, current and former administration officials said, the Saudis contribute both weapons and large sums of money, and the C.I.A takes the lead in training the rebels on AK-47 assault rifles and tank-destroying missiles. The MRC report concluded that many of the arms shipments were found to have made their way to the black market via Jordanian intelligence: But now, some of the weapons intended for Syrian rebels have found their way to the black market. The weapons reportedly stolen by Jordanian intelligence operatives included Kalashnikov assault rifles, mortars and rocket-propelled grenades. Interestingly, since 2013, the CIA s involvement in rebel training facilities in Jordan have been publicly discussed. Here s a revealing passage from the the UK s Guardian on the matter: The Pentagon said last October that a small group of US special forces and military planners had been to Jordan during the summer to help the country prepare for the possibility of Syrian use of chemical weapons and train selected rebel fighters.That planning cell, which was housed at the King Abdullah II Special Operations Training Centre in the north of the capital, Amman, has since been expanded to co-ordinate a more ambitious training programme. But Jordanian sources said the actual training was being carried out at more remote sites, with recent US reports saying it was being led by the CIA. Flash forward to January of 2016, the NY Times disclosed that millions in arms shipments supplied to Jordan from the CIA and Saudi Arabia were somehow  stolen  by Jordanian intelligence operatives and put on the black market, according to official reports.Today, Reuters states that the CIA has reportedly frozen aid to apparent rebel groups in Northwest Syria. Here s a passage from the Reuters exclusive: Rebel officials said that no official explanation had been given for the move this month following the jihadist assault, though several said they believed the main objective was to prevent arms and cash falling into Islamist militant hands. But they said they expected the aid freeze to be temporary.The halt in assistance, which has included salaries, training, ammunition and in some cases guided anti-tank missiles, is a response to jihadist attacks and has nothing to do with U.S. President Donald Trump replacing Barack Obama in January, two U.S. officials familiar with the CIA-led program said. Interestingly, a new narrative taking shape blames an apparent militant attack on so-called Syrian rebel groups carried out by members formerly of Al-Nusra Front ( now of Jabhat Fateh al-Sham), a known al Qaeda s affiliate.In July of 2015, we at 21WIRE reported the following developments taking place inside Syria: it was reported that the  Army of Islam  operating in Damascus, executed members of ISIS   that s right, Sunnis militants taking out their own. The Gulf State backed  army  is comprised of 50 or so groups, including members of ISIS, Jabhat al-Nusra the Syrian branch of Al Qaeda and the Washington supported FSA rebels, the so-called  moderates  that the US is still collaborating with in Syria. Is it possible we are seeing a similar development concerning the recent Reuters revelations or is there something else at play?More about the Stockholm arms study on RT below  (Image Source: nybooks.com)RTBetween 2007 2011 and 2012 2016 arms imports by states in the Middle East rose by 86 percent, the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI) said on Monday.India was the world s largest importer of major arms in 2012 2016, accounting for 13 percent of the global total, the study said. Over the past five years, most states in the Middle East have turned primarily to the USA and Europe in their accelerated pursuit of advanced military capabilities,  Pieter Wezeman, senior researcher with the SIPRI Arms and Military Expenditure Program, said. Despite low oil prices, countries in the region continued to order more weapons in 2016, perceiving them as crucial tools for dealing with conflicts and regional tensions,  he added.With a one-third share of global arms exports, the USA was the top arms exporter in 2012  16. Its arms exports increased by 21 percent compared with 2007 2011.Almost half of US arms exports went to the Middle East, SIPRI said, adding that arms imports by Qatar went up by 245 percent. The USA supplies major arms to at least 100 countries around the world significantly more than any other supplier state,  Dr. Aude Fleurant, director of the SIPRI Arms and Military Expenditure Program, said. Both advanced strike aircraft with cruise missiles and other precision-guided munitions and the latest generation air and missile defense systems account for a significant share of US arms exports. Saudi Arabia s defense expenditure grew by 5.7 percent to $87.2 billion in 2015, making it the world s third-largest spender at the time, according to a SIPRI report from April.More from RT News here READ MORE YEMEN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Yemen FilesREAD MORE ON SYRIA: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22987,Episode #174 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Fake News’ Week In Review,"  Episode #174 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this February 19, 2017 as host Hesher brings you this week s special LIVE broadcast on the Alternate Current Radio Network LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:LIVE BROADCAST TIMING: 5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12am PT (US)  This week s edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is a very special LIVE broadcasting connecting North America and Europe this week, as host Hesher covers the top stories in the US and internationally. In the first hour, we ll celebrate #FakeNewsWeek @21WIRE, as well as cover the Daily Trump, and America s tragic snowflake meltdown.  SHOUT POLL: Which Outlet is a Bigger Source of  Fake News ?   SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVDONATE TO 21WIRE HEREStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world  *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Listen to  Sunday Wire #174 - Fake News Week  with Hesher, Jay Dyer, Stewart H, Spore and FunkS0ul  on Spreaker.Download Episode #174 HERE// <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt;Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives   ",0
22988,"21WIRE.TV Members Newsletter – Feb 18, 2017","In this newsletter we ll include key updates on 21WIRE.TV premium content, as well as our GLOBAL:SITREP situation report, with exclusive commentary and analysis not covered yet at 21WIRE SEE MEMBERS NEWSLETTER HERESUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22989,Boiler Room #97 – Mermaids and Swamp Life,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at a special time tonight 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Stewart Howe, Infidel Pharaoh, FunkS0ul and Randy J for the 97th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the crew. Tonight the gang is discussing the latest on Trump, immigration, cultural warfare, media psyops, virtual reality, trans humanism, Bundy Ranch trial, Brexit, the nature of Islam and a myriad of news and main stream media shenanigans that have taken place since the last meeting of the ACR brain-trust know as THE BOILER ROOM.Direct Download Episode #97Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
22990,The Changing Face of Mainstream Media?,"21st Century Wire says One of the biggest trends running through this election season has been the migration of elements formerly on the fringe of politics  into the center, or mainstream.Only a few short months ago, Breitbart News, fowas formerly classed as an element of the far right-wing of the media spectrum, and vanguard of the  Alt Right .  It is now occupying the front row of the West Wing alongside press stalwarts like the CNN, Wall Street Journal, Reuters and TIME Magazine.The following is a photo taken from the preparation hours before President Donald Trump s news conference which was held in the East Room of the White House in Washington DC yesterday.Times are indeed changing Haha Breitbart front row ! pic.twitter.com/ibgaDo1itn  RockPrincess (@Rockprincess818) February 15, 2017SEE ALSO: From the Fringe to the Center: #FakeNews in the Context of Left-Right DialecticsREAD MORE MSM NEWS AT: 21st Century MSM Watch Files",0
22991,"If You Answer ‘Yes’ to These FBI Questions, Then You Might Be a Terrorist","21st Century Wire says As 21WIRE has previously reported, if there is no real terrorist threat, then the thing to do is to create one. Such is the received wisdom of today s Federal Bureau of Investigation.Last summer, the FBI admitted in its July 2016 public relations release from the agency s counter terrorism  department, plans to  significantly increase its borderline illegal use of stings in order to catch what it claims are  would-be terrorists.  This amounts to an all-to-familiar dubious practice of using entrapment   used to organize, recruit, train and even supply materials to prospective neophyte terrorists in the US.Despite this dysfunctional policy of creating  bad guys  to catch otherwise innocent guys, the agency is soldiering on with other creative, psychometric street side tests to blanket-profile as many Americans as possible in the endless War on Terror  Indy100( ) For the past year-and-a-half the FBI have allegedly been using a 48 question survey to determine if someone is a threat, and one of the questions includes whether the target likes to go camping or not.The document, published by The Intercept, is known as the the  Indicators of Mobilization to Violence  (IMV) survey, and assigns points on factors such as religious observance, travel history, financial transactions, and physical appearance.It s like a Facebook quiz, but terrifying.There are, of course, logical and rational questions you would expect to find on a survey of this kind.Question 1 asks simply:Has the subject mobilised? (E.g. has the subject travelled, attempted to travel overseas to participate in violence; has the subject been arrested in a terrorism charge; or has the subject conducted a terrorist attack?Question 20 asks:Is the subject a regular consumer of extremist propaganda?And question 31 asks:Has the subject sought or received direct guidance from overseas extremists?However, there are a number of questions in there that seem obtuse and in many cases, appear far too broad to truly be affective in identifying someone with extremist views.Question 2 enquires:Does [the] subject possess or have immediate access to weapons?Americans own an estimated 265 million guns. That s around one gun for every American adult. And that s only going to go up as the GOP begins to reverse what it calls  excessive regulation  on firearms by the Obama administration Continue this story at Indy100READ MORE FBI NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire FBI FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22992,Flynn’s Out: Is ‘The New Détente’ Really Dead – Or Can Russia Still Benefit?," Andrew Korybko 21st Century Wire The global media is awash with analysis and speculation about the resignation of former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn, with everyone trying to make sense of what happened, why it occurred, and what it means for the future of the Trump Presidency and US-Russian relations more broadly.Flynn didn t resign because he broke any laws; he left the White House supposedly because of the erosion of trust between him and the President which occurred as a result of this  deep state -driven fake scandal.Neoconservative and Obama/Clinton-aligned elements of the US  permanent military, intelligence, and diplomatic bureaucracies conspired to get rid of one of Trump s most trusted and promising advisors in order to preemptively undermine his hoped-for New D tente with Russia in the New Cold War.Flynn was an integral part of this initiative and therefore had to be taken out as soon as possible, since his political assassination could change the momentum of the US   deep state  civil war and improve the odds that other revolutionary thought leaders such as Stephen Bannon and Stephen Miller   could be the next to go.Retracing The Sequence Of EventsThe grand objective is to neutralize Trump s capacity to  Drain The Swamp  (even if only partially as it relates to US-Russian relations) and restore the old order of business in Washington, even going as far as  delegitimize  and then later impeach the President if he doesn t bend to their will. That s why the Mainstream Media is making such a big fuss out of nothing more significant than an incoming National Security Advisor speaking with one of his many foreign counterparts during the transitional period, but it s because of an alleged  technicality  pertaining to the 1799 Logan Act that this American Hero was able to be taken down by the  deep state .According to reports, the FBI  coincidentally  happened to be eavesdropping on Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak at the exact same time as he held one of his discussions with Flynn, and the story goes that the designated National Security Advisor   at the time legally still a  civilian    had made suggestions about American foreign policy which unwittingly put him in violation of the aforementioned law. Furthermore, he purportedly misled Vice President Pence about the full content of his conversation with the Ambassador, and this in turn contributed to the erosion of trust that ultimately led to Trump asking for his resignation.Almost right afterwards, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer declared that Trump  expects the Russian government to return Crimea , echoing UN Ambassador Nikki Haley s earlier copying of Obama-era sloganeering about  the Russian occupation of Crimea . This prompted mainstream and alternative voices to declare that Trump has revealed his  true face  and that there is  no hope  for a New D tente to ever materialize. The general sentiment from the mainstream media was that this was a good thing, while the alternative one rued the loss of this historic opportunity.Uncomfortable QuestionsBut is that really the right way to assess this situation?Flynn is an experienced operative in the US  deep state , and he should have known better than to clumsily slip up and speak about anything which could be remotely interpreted by his presumed anti-Trump eavesdroppers to be in violation of any arcane legislation. He probably made a simple mistake in terms of how he expressed himself and that s what s to blame for this whole scandal, but there s no way of knowing exactly what it was that he said until an official transcript becomes available, if ever. Nevertheless, judging by the euphemisms that he used in his resignation letter, it s evident that Flynn did in fact apparently mislead Pence as it related to his conversation with Ambassador Kislyak.Or that s what he wants everyone to think.It s doubtful that Flynn would have gone rogue on Trump simply due to the overzealousness that he might have felt towards helping to reach a New D tente, so no matter how taboo it may be to wonder, it can t help but be countenanced that whatever it is he spoke to the Russian Ambassador about, he did so with Trump s implicit approval and per the President-elect s suggestions. If this is the case, then Flynn might very well have misled Pence   The Establishment s most powerful figure in the new administration   but still took the fall in order to save Trump from possible impeachment proceedings under the 1799 Logan Act.PBHISTORY For The 21st CenturyAll the brouhaha that s being created over Flynn s resignation and the manufactured  deep state  scandal over his conversation with the Russian Ambassador is really just a 21st-century manifestation of the Old Cold War CIA project codenamed PBHISTORY. This operation took place in post-coup Guatemala after the US successfully overthrew government in 1954, and its objective was to concoct  evidence  that the former President was linked to the Soviet Union. This could then  justify  the coup that was just carried out, but what s happening to Trump right now is almost the reverse implementation of that plan.Instead of trying to link Trump to Moscow after his impeachment, the  deep state  is trying to do so in order to catalyze a  legal  regime change against him. Flynn is being presented as the strongest  evidence  allegedly connecting the American President to his Russian counterpart by wide degrees of imaginative speculation, but nevertheless, in the narrative-controlled vacuum of the Mainstream Media, this alternative reality has begun to take root and become a never-ending talking point among the army of paid shills that they employ. In order to wiggle out of this trap, Trump has reactively taken to parroting The Establishment s position towards Russia by sending Spicer out to channel his message about Crimea, just like he earlier preemptively did with Haley at the UN.Does D tente Even Matter In both cases, it s unclear whether Trump really believes these positions or not, but in the larger scheme of things, it doesn t, nor shouldn t, really matter too much. It would be ideal if the US finally matured to the point of seeing the world through Moscow s multipolar eyes and accepted the reality that Crimea is in fact Russian, but even if it doesn t, that doesn t change the facts on the ground. All that it does is confirm that the sanctions pertaining to the peninsula s historic reunification with Russia will remain in place, much to the consternation of some neoliberal political and economic influencers in Moscow who might want them lifted for the wrong self-interested reasons.Of course, it would be great if these economic restrictions were removed and the EU decided to follow suit because this could symbolically usher in a new era of cooperation between Russia and the West, though the downside is that the counter-sanctions would have to be lifted and Russian domestic producers   already enjoying an economic renaissance of sorts   would be forced to once more compete with their international counterparts on the Russian marketplace. The cost-benefit assessment pertaining to this either-or decision is entirely up to Russia s strategists and decision makers to calculate, and no judgement is being rendered in this regard, but it s an objectively expected fact that the Western recognition of Crimea s reunification with Russia might bode negatively for the competitiveness of some Russian companies (mostly agricultural) within their own country.Now that Flynn s out and Trump is doubling down on his anti-Russian rhetoric, it seems ever less likely that a New D tente will be reached anytime soon, so any hope that optimists may have had about the supposedly imminent removal of sanctions has just completely evaporated. Nevertheless, just because the US is reminding Russia of its traditional hostility to it in the European front doesn t mean that it necessarily has to behave that way in the Mideast one, which is why there s still a chance that the two Great Powers might indeed enter into some sort of joint cooperation against Daesh. If carried out with Damascus  blessing (whether stated or implied), then this could also work out to Russia s benefit as well.Or Was It Just A Deception?From the provocative position of being the  devil s advocate , and for the purposes of simply presenting an alternative angle to the latest events, it s very possible that the prior dream that Russian strategists and decision makers might have had about reaching a New D tente was nothing more than a carefully crafted deception by the US. While Moscow has officially said on multiple occasions that it hadn t discussed the removal of sanctions with Washington and has no illusions about the difficulty of restoring bilateral relations between the two countries, there was popular speculation in some corners that Russia was willing to engage in preliminary trust-building  concessions  in order to facilitate this presumed eventuality.There s of course no real proof that this was ever the case, but the narrative is convincing to many and relies on conjectures related to the Russian-written  draft constitution  for Syria and Moscow s refusal to conventionally intervene during the latest Ukrainian-provoked aggression against Donbas. The author refuted the first line of thinking in the  best-case scenario  that he outlined in a recent article on the topic, while an analysis from two and a half years ago about the threat of a  Reverse Brzezinski  still accurately accounts for Russia s refusal to invade Ukraine. Even assuming that the author was wrong, however, and that Russia really is  conceding  on multiple fronts in order to attain sanctions relief for its elite and a New D tente for its strategists, then the latest statements coming out of the White House must have certainly sobered up even the most diehard pro-D tente individuals in the Kremlin. Crimea left the Ukraine and joined the Russian Federation in March 2014 (Image Source: YouTube)The cold hard reality is that even if Trump sincerely wanted to recognize Crimea as part of Russia and remove the sanctions   whether out of a genuine desire to start a new era of relations or in order to cynically squeeze as many  concessions  from Moscow as possible beforehand   the domestic political situation in the US now makes it all but impossible for him to do so, let alone anytime in the near future. This shatters the hopes of the well-intentioned ideologues who truly believed that the dawn of new era was on the cusp of finally approaching, while it unprecedentedly was met with differing degrees of acceptance by both the Mainstream Media and Western neoconservatives on one side, but also foreign policy realists and  patriotic skeptics  from Russia on the other.The first group obviously wanted to do everything in their power to undermine a Russian-US rapprochement, while the second was extremely cautious about what Washington might have expected from Moscow in exchange for the New D tente. For whatever their respective reasons may be in regards to the causes that they support (Syria, Donbas) or even just in general, some of the foreign policy realists and  patriotic skeptics  in Russia felt uncomfortable with their country potentially  conceding  some of its recent geopolitical gains to the US as part of a grand bargain, despite it being impossible to ever reach a New D tente without both sides participating to some extent of deal-making.This  conservative  camp inadvertently got a boost from Flynn s scandal, however, since they can now leverage more influence on the Kremlin in convincing it of the need to double down on relations with China and Iran in response to the US  renewed aggression towards Russia and consider expanding their country s newfound partnerships with Turkey and Pakistan. There s no longer any semi-legitimate concern in any serious circles that Russia will  concede  anything on any of these fronts so long as Trump keeps up his hostile shtick (whether he really believes what he says or it s just a distraction from domestic problems).Whatever deception the US might have had in mind for Russia when hinting at a New D tente has disappeared and Moscow s honeymoon with Trump is now over.Draining The Swamp or Ruling Over It? Trump s volte face towards Russia has been exploited by critics and even those who sincerely believed in him in order to allege that he s not draining the swamp, but ruling over it. They draw attention to how the only real differentiating factor separating the Trump and Obama Administrations  policies towards the multipolar countries of Eurasia was that the 45th President was presumably poised to enter into cordial relations with Russia, and even that, as the author earlier forecast immediately after the election, was entirely dependent on draining the  deep state  foreign policy swamp. Other than this ambitious initiative, however, Trump has already disappointed many people when it comes to his stances towards China and Iran, which has led many people to conclude that he was trying to separate Moscow from the Eurasian Great Power Alliance and neutralize its multipolar effectiveness per a neo-Kissinger stratagem.Those fears can safely be discarded   for now   because it s highly unlikely that Russia would ever move in that direction   if at all   without any tempting carrots being offered by the US, such as the possible recognition of Crimea and a removal of the anti-Russian sanctions. Considering that the Trump Administration s foreign policy towards Russia, China, and Iran is almost identical to Obama s except for the possibility of pragmatic joint cooperation against Daesh in Syria (pending Damascus  uncertain approval, of course), then it s fair to say that Trump is essentially leading the swamp when it comes to foreign affairs and that little has structurally changed except for the nature in which the US manages its established spheres of influence in the Western Hemisphere and the Eurasian Rimland (which might admittedly lead to dynamic and unpredictable developments).Ask a regular Trump supporter, however, and most of them will totally disagree with anyone who says that Trump is ruling the swamp. The author isn t talking about the foreign policy wonks on Facebook or alternative international media, but the standard Joes and Sallys who voted for him in the Heartland and could honestly care less about International Relations except for when it comes to keeping the US out of another big war halfway across the world. The truth is that the generic Trump voter might have been sympathetic to their candidate s reasonable pragmatism towards Russia, but it was never really one of the main factors determining their support for him. Take it from a Clevelander, not a nuclear physicist, academician, Twitter troll, or jet-setting journalist, among the many professional tropes that have become influential in alternative media lately, because here s what the average Trump voter cares about (in any given order):* Building the wall with Mexico;* Kicking out illegal immigrants;* Cracking down on welfare and other related government benefit freeloaders;* Restoring law and order to America s gang-ridden and riotous streets;* Fighting the War on Hard Drugs;* Easing business regulations and taxes on the Working Class (including Obamacare) while creating and bringing back jobs; Trump supporters are also instinctively anti-Clinton, so since Hillary was a hawk against Russia, then they were automatically receptive to the softer stance promised by Trump. That s just the way it is, whether for right or for wrong, but because of this, most of the regular Americans who voted for Trump honestly don t care too much about his policy towards Russia so long as it doesn t impede his ability to carry through on the domestic agenda that won them over to his side in the first place. Trump s base, love it or hate it, is domestically focused and cares about  America First . Even if they disagreed with him on some elements of his foreign policy, they d still vote for him based on what he was promising to do domestically, which is how most of the electorate anywhere across the world typically behaves anyhow.This is the opposite of the position held by the majority of pro-Trump voices in the alternative media community (not counting Breitbart, of course), who might have been opposed to Trump s domestic policies but sided with him regardless because of his international ones vis- -vis Russia. Many non-Americans who frequent these online communities might have therefore come under the misleading impression that most of Trump s supporters think the same way as these influential voices do, which isn t exactly the case. Now that some of the pro-Trump alternative media influencers have turned on him due to his volte face towards Russia and have declared that he now leads the swamp, the non-American audience might think that this position is representative of the bulk of his supporters in general, which is once again inaccurate owing to the professional idiosyncrasies of these said voices relative to the Working Class core of Trump s movement.No matter which angle it s looked at, however, there s no escaping the observation that Trump is indeed ruling over the foreign policy swamp, but appears to be in full revolt against the domestic one, at least as it relates to the 7 key platforms earlier enumerated upon which profile the most important issues for the typical Trump voter. Just as Obama succumbed to the neoconservative  deep state  in order to have a relatively free hand in carrying out his domestic agenda, so too does Trump appear poised to do the same, although the 45th President might simply be choosing his battles wisely with the understanding that it might be impossible to drain two swamps at once and that he should go after the  lesser evil  (globally speaking) first before aiming for the greater one (if ever at all again). This has a lot to do with both his personal and political self-preservation, as Trump understands that his support base mostly doesn t even recognize that a foreign policy swamp exists outside of the Clinton Foundation and George Soros, neither of which he s obviously rubbing shoulders with, so to them, he s still draining the swamp so long as he stays loyal to the domestic concerns of his movement.Concluding ThoughtsThe neoconservative  deep state  ouster of National Security Advisor Flynn from Trump s Administration is a worrying development which shows that the Clintonian Counter-Revolution is proceeding apace and won t stop until Trump is either controlled or impeached.In reaction to this onslaught against his team and responding to the fake  Russian puppet  narrative which has come to dominate the Mainstream Media discourse, Trump started to full-throatedly parrot some of The Establishment s most well-known talking points against Russia, especially as they relate to Crimea. This marks a dramatic change in tone and rhetoric from the President and signals that the domestic political pressure that he s under right now as a result of the latest manufactured scandal is too overwhelming for him to fully continue with the hoped-for New D tente with Russia. Nevertheless, that doesn t mean that such an eventuality should be completely dismissed, since it s still possible in principle for the US to coordinate joint anti-Daesh strikes with Russia in Syria (conditional on Damascus  approval, of course). What s importantly changed, however, is that the prospects for a New D tente, or even the remote semblance of one, in Europe have markedly diminished, and this can t help but catch the attention of the Kremlin.It s unclear what goes on behind closed doors in the Grand Kremlin Palace and what sort of factions there are in the Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, but there was previously some concern expressed in various sectors of the alternative media community that Moscow was at risk of  going soft  on the US in Syria, Donbas, and elsewhere in order to exhibit  goodwill gestures  designed to reach the grand goal of a New D tente and the pecuniary reward of sanctions removal. There were some speculations about this which contributed to a persistent and ever-growing narrative among various circles, and they in turn led some to wonder whether the pertinent arguments were based in objective reality or were just a convincing attempt at gaslighting. Whatever they may or may not have been is becoming irrelevant, however, since the readjusted expectations that Russia now has of the US after Flynn s ouster and Trump s embrace of neoconservative rhetoric about Crimea have emboldened the patriotic conservatives which were previously cautious and possibly even outright skeptical about the New D tente, thus mitigating the chances that Russia will engage in any unnecessary preemptive  concessions  towards the US so long as this attitude remains in place (key conditional).The foreign policy twists that are playing out in the Trump Administration towards Russia have led some influential pro-Trump supporters in alternative media to conclude that the President has given up on draining the swamp and is instead now ruling it, whether because he decided to show the true colors that he s had all along or out of self-interested reasons in preserving his own political and personal survival. The non-American audience which frequents the said alternative media platforms might come under the false impression that this sentiment mirrors that of the typical Trump supporter, which isn t necessarily the case owing to the professional particularities of some of the highest-profile commentators in this community. While they re certainly entitled to their individual analyses, they don t exactly channel the sentiment of the grassroots masses which brought Trump to power, and their positions towards the President are mostly determined by his foreign policy, unlike the domestic policy which motivates most of his base. That being said, while the author by no means condones Trump s anti-Russian rhetoric and expected complementary actions, he understands that this should be seen separately from the President s domestic agenda and therefore doesn t impact the reason why his movement supports him in the first place.Trump is definitely on the defensive when it comes to draining the foreign policy swamp, and the case can be argued that he s already in the process of being coopted by it to a large degree, but the situation is remarkably different when it comes to the domestic swamp that his supporters want him to drain. While the appointment of former Goldman Sachs investment banker Steven Mnuchin as Secretary of the Treasury completely goes against the presumable expectations of Trump s slogan, it s not an issue which takes absolute precedence to his base in comparison to the other reasons why they voted for him. Trump supporters want the President to restore law and order to their streets, fight hard drugs and crime, be tough on illegal immigration and unfair trade deals, and ease the draconian Obama-era regulations on small businesses (including Obamacare), which is what the populist leader is poised to do regardless of his foreign and macroeconomic policies. This isn t to endorse either of the latter, but simply to explain the reality that Trump is still very popular among his base and isn t perceived of as having  sold out , and the dichotomy between the alternative media narrative and the grassroots one is due to the differing emphasis that the first category of voices typically places on foreign policy as opposed to the second one s natural focus on domestic issues.All in all, Flynn s resignation is evidence that the  deep state s  Clintonian Counter-Revolution is in full swing and that it s successfully (and swiftly) removed one of his top advisors. The international consequences of this are apparent, and it s that Russia is much more reserved about the prospects of ever reaching a New D tente and is less likely to ever enter into any preemptive  concessions  (whether speculatively or substantially) aimed at attaining this. Russia will probably reinforce its relationships with China and Iran as well as expand its partnerships with newfound friends such as Turkey and Pakistan, while the US stands ready to return back to its Obama-era policies towards the multipolar leaders of Eurasia. For the most part, the Trump Administration s foreign policy is beginning to look almost identical to the Obama Administration s, but in spite of that, the President still enjoys overwhelming approval from his grassroots movement because of their reverence for his no-nonsense and  politically incorrect  approach to domestic issues. Whether this is a  good  or  bad  thing is for the reader to decide, but this is the objective reality as the author presently understands it, though fully accepting that it could quickly change in any and all regards depending on certain variables.For the moment, however, the diminished hopes over the New D tente aren t necessarily a defeat for Russia, and should contrarily be seen as an opportunity by its strategists and supporters for the reasons previously mentioned.DISCLAIMER: The author writes for this publication in a private capacity which is unrepresentative of anyone or any organization except for his own personal views. Nothing written by the author should ever be conflated with the editorial views or official positions of any other media outlet or institution. *** Author and geopolitical analyst Andrew Korybko and contributor to 21st Century Wire. He studied international relations at the Moscow State University of International Relations (MGIMO), and is as a member of the expert council for the Institute of Strategic Studies and Predictions at the People s Friendship University of Russia. He also works as a current affairs writer for Sputnik News and is host of  Trend Storm  on Sputnik Radio. His book,  Hybrid Wars: The Indirect Adaptive Approach To Regime Change , extensively analyzes the situations in Syria and Ukraine and claims to prove that they represent a new model of strategic warfare being waged by the US.READ MORE RUSSIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Russia FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22993,Bundy Ranch ‘Standoff’ Defendants Prepare for Trial in Nevada,"21st Century Wire says Defendants in the Federal case against Nevada rancher, Cliven Bundy, his sons and a group of their supporters have had a key weapons charge against them dropped in a recent pretrial hearing but there is still a major legal battle ahead of them. The charges stem from an event in April 2014 when Federal Bureau of Land Management (BLM) agents tried to seize Bundy s cattle over a dispute between the Ranchers and the government about grazing fees in what the ranchers saw as federal over-reach in management of public land being at the heart of the dispute.Mark Anderson reports on the developing story of the Bundy Ranch Trials in the article below from American Free Press  Mark Anderson American Free PressA key charge on weapons was recently dropped from the charges that were filed against Nevada ranchers Cliven Bundy, his sons, and several of their supporters over their protest in 2014. So far, the case has been split into three separate trials, set to start soon in Las Vegas. AFP will continue to follow this case as it evolves throughout the summer.LAS VEGAS, Nev. A federal judge in a pretrial hearing on Feb. 2 dismissed the third count, related to firearms, in the 16-count indictment against rancher Cliven Bundy and 17 others stemming from their April 2014 resistance of a crackdown carried out by federal agents in Bunkerville, located in southern Nevada.The  standoff  happened when federal agents unsuccessfully tried to seize Bundy s cattle following a decades-long dispute that, according to the government, was over unpaid grazing fees. The event is widely seen as a collision of two worldviews emblematic of Western landowners  longtime efforts to resist and turn back what they see as heavy-handed federal micro-management of vast stretches of Western lands.While the Las Vegas Review Journal online called U.S. District Judge Gloria Navarro s decision to drop count three as a  minor victory  for the men  accused of organizing a mass assault on law enforcement,  other observers have insisted that federal agents, especially those from the Bureau of Land Management, were the actual assailants.Judge Navarro ruled to drop that count amid requests by the defense for several of the charges contained in the federal indictment to be dismissed, according to the Journal.Paralegal Tatum Wehr, assistant to Bret Whipple, attorney for Cliven Bundy, told this AFP writer Feb. 3 that Navarro s decision applies to all the defendants awaiting trial. That was seconded by Roger Roots, an astute Montanan who s a legal adviser to both Cliven Bundy and his son, Ryan.Roots explained to AFP in a phone interview that, while the dropped count has to do with the alleged use of a gun to  impede  federal officers, the three other similar gun counts that weren t dropped allege the use of a gun to  assault,   threaten,  and  interfere  with federal officers. In his view, those are just three ways of saying the same basic thing and that such wording is a deliberate way for the feds to get something to stick.Roots added that a motion to dismiss the case was filed on Feb. 2. That will be ruled on in a couple weeks. Unless that succeeds, this thing is definitely going to trial,  he said, adding,  This case is a big exposure for these guys. We re talking high stakes. According to Roots, the three remaining gun counts carry mandatory minimum sentences of several years each under what he described as an  evil  statute [USC 18, Sect. 924 (c)]. It carries stiff sentences (especially for second offenses) and mandates that the sentences be served consecutively, instead of the usual concurrent approach. The defendants could be looking at 25 years to life, depending on how many counts stick, as Roots understands it.Roots also said the federal government has been withholding critically important evidence from the defense, amid severe moral and ethical breaches and enormously wasteful and improper spending of tax dollars during the standoff by BLM agent Dan Love, a key figure in this saga.And with Love s testimony being the only thing the grand jury heard in the Bundy case before issuing its indictment meaning that the grand jury s inherent right to do its own investigation was never exercised the federal case evidently is far weaker than many people assume.An insightful overview of Love s behavior concerning the Bunkerville standoff and related matters can be heard here in an interview with Brianna Bundy, wife of defendant Mel Bundy, conducted by KSDZ-FM  The Twister  in Nebraska. They [BLM agents] laugh and joke about shooting women, shooting children, and dogs and horses,  Brianna told KSDZ, referring to evidence in the form of body-cam footage evidently being withheld from public knowledge. Love is accused of egging other agents on to aggressively view Cliven Bundy and his supporters as an allegedly mortal threat. The discovery process could bring this matter to light, but that has yet to happen Continue this report at American Free PressREAD MORE BUNDY RANCH NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Bundy Ranch FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22994,COINTEL PRO: Are ‘Anti-Fascist’ Media Personalities Playing to the Cameras?,"21st Century Wire says In this age of hyper-politicized mass media, it s becoming harder to differentiate between those who are acting for the cameras, and genuine political protesters. Considering the FBI s own documented history of infiltrating left-wing activists groups in America, is it possible we are witness to some staged performances again?Fox New s Tucker Carlson interviews Yvette Felarca, a self-described middle school teacher  from Berkley and leader of the radical socialist  Anti-Fascist  flash mob mobilization organization known as  By Any Means Necessary  or BAMN. In this interview, Felarca can be seen openly advocating for physical violence against anyone, or any speech, whom she or her activist group deems as a fascist.   Earlier this month, Felarca was one of the media faces of the UC Berkeley unrest which sprung up over an event hosted by gay conservative personality Milo Yiannopoulos. According to Felarca,  Alt-Right  speaker Yiannopoulos should not be allowed to speak in public. Watch her adroit, and intense performance from last night here: Yvette Felarca first gained media exposure after previously leading an alleged counter-protest against a  Fascist Rally  at what was branded by the mainstream media as the  Battle of Sacramento  in July 2016.  On its face, this protest looked very much a staged media event, perfectly scheduled ahead of time, and with activist actor Felarca playing the part of agent provocateur for the cameras. At the Sacramento event, supposed protesters on both sides were holding what appeared to be light weight wooden props, apparently meant to be fighting sticks. Felarca s leftist group were wearing face masks and balaclavas to conceal their identities, another strong indication that these are not real protesters, and could very well be  activist  actors playing for the cameras. What is perhaps the biggest give-away of the staged performance was the fact that the scores of police who were on site just stood back while what appeared to be violence and heavy fighting broke out, allowing it to carry on for quite some time   which means that either they were not actually policing but supervising, or they were there as part of the backdrop for the media. It was a bizarre scene to say the least. Certainly, FBI programs like COINTELPRO which began in 1956, come to mind here.Watch the following montage of this media event: Watch what appears to be a well rehearsed, albeit overly dramatic, and borderline sociopathic TV performance here:  Despite the comparatively small size of both the CP and the American SWP by the late 1950s and early 1960s, their members  implantation in industrial workplaces, independent electoral campaigns, desegregation, and antiwar activities, as well as the bureau s fanatical obsession with  communism,  made them targets. New Left activists who were not only hampering the ability of the U.S. to fight in Vietnam, but also challenging ideological assumptions about women s roles, sexuality, and segregation garnered attention and harassment by the state as well. But the most disruptive and violent COINTELPRO operations in the period from the late 1960s into the mid-1970s were directed against the Black and Native American struggles.It was a general rule throughout the 1960s, that local police departments would devote at least 1 percent of their resources to surveillance and infiltration.13 These local agents, acting in cahoots with the feds, read the left-wing press and became familiar with the fact that organized leftists were involved in liberal and pacifist groups and that individuals were often radicalized by these ideas as well as by their own experiences of struggle. Media Lightning Rods  As far as the FBI are concerned, traditionally their justification for managing  radical  rightwing persons as is with the FBI s PATCON program, or leftwing personalities as confidential informants as with the Weather Underground and other groups   has always been that these colorful personalities were effective in attracting or recruiting  the worst of the worst  and therefore by attracting the most radical activists, the FBI would then be able to ensnare them in a sting operation in order to root out what the agency sees as potential threats by  taking this dangerous person off the street  or to  avert a future domestic terrorist incident.  This is also the same rationale applied to the use of informants to stir-up radical activity in Islamic mosques, and to entrap and convict  future terrorists  in the US.Certainly, Felarca plays a very unique dual protagonist-antagonist role in this very public political drama   as a recruitment tool for the radical left into her political front organization, but also as a media object of scorn for the Alt Right and for conservative media outlets like FOX and others. Hers is an active role in increasing political tension and polarization in the US. In this tenuous post-election environment, her scathing rhetoric  calls for violence will appeal the most extreme leftwing activists, while simultaneously giving some media (mainstream cultural) legitimacy to the most radical elements of the extreme left.Here agitator Felarca is allowed to start a physical fight which led to men kicking someone on the ground, and then police seem to recognize her before allowing her to leave the scene quietly: READ MORE COINTELPRO AT: 21st Century Wire COINTELPRO Files",0
22995,"FAKE NEWS WEEK: Truth, War Propaganda, CIA and Media Manipulation"," In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, 21WIRE is running its own #FakeNewsWeek campaign, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media as the real purveyors of  fake news  throughout modern history The Centre for Research on GlobalizationNever before has it been so important to have independent, honest voices and sources of information. We are   as a society   inundated and overwhelmed with a flood of information from a wide array of sources, but these sources of information, by and large, serve the powerful interests and individuals that own them. The main sources of information, for both public and official consumption, include the mainstream media, alternative media, academia and think tanks.The mainstream media is the most obvious in its inherent bias and manipulation. The mainstream media is owned directly by large multinational corporations, and through their boards of directors are connected with a plethora of other major global corporations and elite interests. An example of these connections can be seen through the board of Time Warner.Time Warner owns Time Magazine, HBO, Warner Bros., and CNN, among many others. The board of directors includes individuals past or presently affiliated with: the Council on Foreign Relations, the IMF, the Rockefeller Brothers Fund, Warburg Pincus, Phillip Morris, and AMR Corporation, among many others.Two of the most  esteemed  sources of news in the U.S. are the New York Times (referred to as  the paper of record ) and the Washington Post. The New York Times has on its board people who are past or presently affiliated with: Schering-Plough International (pharmaceuticals), the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, Chevron Corporation, Wesco Financial Corporation, Kohlberg & Company, The Charles Schwab Corporation, eBay Inc., Xerox, IBM, Ford Motor Company, Eli Lilly & Company, among others. Hardly a bastion of impartiality.And the same could be said for The Washington Post, which has on its board: Lee Bollinger, the President of Columbia University and former Chairman of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and individuals associated with (past or presently): the Coca-Cola Company, New York University, Conservation International, the Council on Foreign Relations, Xerox, Catalyst, Johnson & Johnson, Target Corporation, RAND Corporation, General Motors, and the Business Council, among others.It is also important to address how the mainstream media is intertwined, often covertly and secretly, with the government. Carl Bernstein, one of the two Washington Post reporters who covered the Watergate scandal, revealed that there were over 400 American journalists who had  secretly carried out assignments for the Central Intelligence Agency. Interestingly,  the use of journalists has been among the most productive means of intelligence-gathering employed by the CIA.  Among organizations which cooperated with the CIA were the  American Broadcasting Company, the National Broadcasting Company, the Associated Press, United Press International, Reuters, Hearst Newspapers, Scripps-Howard, Newsweek magazine, the Mutual Broadcasting System, the Miami Herald and the old Saturday Evening Post and New York Herald-Tribune. By far the most valuable of these associations, according to CIA officials, have been with the New York Times, CBS and Time Inc. The CIA even ran a training program  to teach its agents to be journalists,  who were  then placed in major news organizations with help from management. These types of relationships have continued in the decades since, although perhaps more covertly and quietly than before. For example, it was revealed in 2000 that during the NATO bombing of Kosovo,  several officers from the US Army s 4th Psychological Operations (PSYOPS) Group at Ft. Bragg worked in the news division at CNN s Atlanta headquarters.  This same Army Psyop outfit had  planted stories in the U.S. media supporting the Reagan Administration s Central America policies,  which was described by the Miami Herald as a  vast psychological warfare operation of the kind the military conducts to influence a population in enemy territory.  These Army PSYOP officers also worked at National Public Radio (NPR) at the same time. The US military has, in fact, had a strong relationship with CNN.In 2008, it was reported that the Pentagon ran a major propaganda campaign by using retired Generals and former Pentagon officials to present a good picture of the administration s war-time policies. The program started in the lead-up to the Iraq War in 2003 and continued into 2009. These officials, presented as  military analysts , regurgitate government talking points and often sit on the boards of military contractors, thus having a vested interest in the subjects they are brought on to  analyze. In 2013, Public Accountability reported:During the public debate around the question of whether to attack Syria, Stephen Hadley, former national security adviser to George W. Bush, made a series of high-profile media appearances. Hadley argued strenuously for military intervention in appearances on CNN, MSNBC, Fox News, and Bloomberg TV, and authored a Washington Post op-ed headlined To stop Iran, Obama must enforce red lines with Assad. In each case, Hadley s audience was not informed that he serves as a director of Raytheon, the weapons manufacturer that makes the Tomahawk cruise missiles that were widely cited as a weapon of choice in a potential strike against Syria. Hadley earns $128,500 in annual cash compensation from the company and chairs its public affairs committee. He also owns 11,477 shares of Raytheon stock, which traded at all-time highs during the Syria debate ($77.65 on August 23, making Hadley s share s worth $891,189). Despite this financial stake, Hadley was presented to his audience as an experienced, independent national security expert.The major philanthropic foundations in the United States have often used their enormous wealth to co-opt voices of dissent and movements of resistance into channels that are safe for the powers that be. As McGeorge Bundy, former President of the Ford Foundation once said,  Everything the Foundation does is to make the world safe for Capitalism. Examples of this include philanthropies like the Rockefeller Foundation, Ford Foundation and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation providing immense financial and organizational support to Non-Governmental Organizations. Furthermore, the alternative media are often funded by these same foundations, which has the effect of influencing the direction of coverage as well as the stifling of critical analysis Learn more about the Centre for Research on Globalization and the work of its founder and editor, Professor Michel Chossudovsky, as well how to donate to them at Global Research.ca. The original version of this article was published at Global Research in March 2011. READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV",0
22996,BREAKING: Michael Flynn Resigns as Trump’s National Security Advisor," 21st Century Wire says The scandal emerged after it was revealed that Flynn had a conversation with a Russian Ambassador, Sergey I. Kislak, during the transition period before Trump took office, supposedly over the issue of US sanctions against Russia. It is believed that Flynn had misled Vice President Mike Pence by not disclosing the full nature of these conversations.Flynn stated in a letter: In the course of my duties as the incoming National Security Advisor, I held numerous phone calls with foreign counterparts, ministers, and ambassadors,  Flynn wrote.  These calls were to facilitate a smooth transition and begin to build the necessary relationships between the President, his advisors and foreign leaders. Such calls are standard practice in any transition of this magnitude. Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with the incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology. This indiscretion was seen by many as an extreme beach of protocol  and a risk to national security. However, according to RT, Russian President Putin s spokesperson Dmitry Peskov stated on Monday that Flynn and Kislyak did not discuss lifting sanctions.In addition to the potential of a protracted scandal on the White House side of this issue, there is also another potentially more important issue   about the fact that agents working the Obama Administration were tapping Flynn s telephone and also that agencies leaked related information which formed the press narrative of this scandal. If so, this would amount to a covert attack on the White House  from inside the US government.Flynn s departure could interrupt positive headway made on the bilateral START nuclear treaty with Russia which Flynn had been working on up until this week.In the interim, Trump has named a retired Lt. General, Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr, as Acting National Security Advisor, although it is believed that Vice Adm. Robert Harward, a former deputy commander at US CENTCOM in Tampa, FL is Trump s likely choice to replace Flynn.Another name in play is also General David Petraeus, although it s not certain that his record will be able to endure the aggressive media pressure that is certain to follow if appointed.The following a copy of Flynn s resignation lette r:Breaking: text of Flynn's resignation letter pic.twitter.com/KGue1cJFzL  Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) February 14, 2017READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump Files",0
22997,Request to Halt Construction of DAPL Declined,"21st Century Wire says A request by Native American tribes seeking to halt the construction of the final link in the highly politicized and controversial Dakota Access Pipeline has been declined by a federal judge in Washington DC.The tribes at Standing Rock and Cheyenne River Sioux were not successful in claiming that the project will prevent them from conducting religious ceremonies at Oahe Lake but District Court Judge James Boasberg declined their request citing no imminent harm to the tribes  practices could be shown.As noted by RT and AP below, the project is headed up by Energy Transfer Partners, who s representatives argued that this halt in construction request over the issue of preventing tribes  religious ceremonies was  exceedingly tardy  and  not construction related.  The denial of this request is not coming as a surprise to many who are well aware that the DAPL project was more than 90% complete back when Obama signed a temporary hold on the project, which could have been largely a political move, leaving this issue for the Trump administration to handle. RTA federal judge in Washington, DC has dismissed a request by a group of Native American tribes seeking to stop construction of the final link of the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline.Standing Rock Sioux and Cheyenne River Sioux tribes claimed the project will prevent them from practicing religious ceremonies at Oahe Lake which they say is surrounded by sacred ground. District Court Judge James Boasberg stated there was no imminent harm to the tribes  religious practices as oil is not flowing through the pipeline yet.The ruling will allow Energy Transfer Partners, the company building the $3.8 billion, 1,170 mile pipeline, to finish the final 1,100ft (335m) connection under Lake Oahe in North Dakota, completing the project.The company s stock rose 0.3 percent after the announcement, according to Seeking Alpha.Boasberg will more thoroughly consider the request at a February 27 hearing, AP reported.The US Army Corp of Engineers filed documents favoring Energy Transfer Partners, having granted the final easement for DAPL last Tuesday. The Corps said that the tribes will have plenty of time to argue their case before the pipeline begins working, thus a work stoppage wasn t warranted.Energy Transfer Partners had argued that the tribes  argument that the work threatened their religion was  exceedingly tardy  and  not construction-related,  AP reported.The decision allows construction on DAPL to continue while the lawsuits against the project to proceed.Boasberg previously rejected a request by tribes to block the project in September. However, that ruling was superseded by the Obama administration s decision in December to delay construction, pending an environmental review.However, one of President Donald Trump s first acts in office was to sign a presidential memoranda ordering the removal of obstacles to the construction of both the Dakota Access Pipeline and the Keystone XL Continue this report at RTREAD MORE DAPL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire DAPL FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
22998,"Lake Oroville Dam Spillway Damage Results in Evacuation Orders to 188,000 People","21st Century Wire says The Oroville dam in Northern California has sustained sink hole damage in the main spillway and over 188,000 residents of the local area have been told to evacuate. Helicopters are dropping rocks into areas of erosion to try to prevent ground from eroding further downstream of the primary and the never before used secondary, passive spillways at the dam.ABC10 noted late last week that the amount of water in the Oroville dam is challenging the design of the dam (due to the sink hole having formed in the spillway which required the outflow to be slowed) with 185,000 cubic feet of water per second are coming into the dam and only 41,000 going out.There is a passive spillway that has now been forced into use as the water levels rise and more rain is expected later this week, but its unknown what the down stream effects will be as this auxiliary spillway has never been used before. It has the potential of causing a lot of damage spilling downstream into the Feather River and towards residential areas. Reports indicate they have increased the outgoing water from the main spillway to lessen the potential damage of the use of the passive spillway.Join ABC10 below for live updates and ongoing reports on this developing situation at the Oroville Dam  ABC 10At least 188,000 people living downstream of California s Oroville Dam were ordered to evacuate late Sunday as officials said an emergency spillway was dangerously eroding and a failure could cause uncontrolled floodwaters to pour out of the lake.Water began flowing over the emergency spillway at the Oroville Dam in Northern California on Saturday for the first time in its nearly 50-year history after heavy rainfall.Evacuation orders still in place. We will work to keep updating everyone. Be safe. https://t.co/xjYGk6B8VF  Yuba County (@YubaCounty) February 13, 2017Crews are hard at work reinforcing the integrity of the levee adjacent to Tyler Island. Stay tuned to our social media for continued updates pic.twitter.com/6UIgIbCjWm  SacramentoOES (@SacramentoOES) February 13, 2017The Paradise Alliance Church is not longer accepting new evacuees. If seeking shelter visit https://t.co/zmTLivT9tA for updated list.  Butte County, CA (@CountyofButte) February 13, 2017Butte County offices in the Oroville area will remain CLOSED tomorrow due to the #OrovilleSpillway evacuations. @ButteSheriff @CA_DWR  Butte County, CA (@CountyofButte) February 13, 2017Continue this developing story with live updates at ABC10READ MORE US NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire US FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
22999,Ben Stein Calls Out 9th Circuit Court: Committed a ‘Coup d’état’ Against the Constitution,"21st Century Wire says Ben Stein, reputable professor from, Pepperdine University (also of some Hollywood fame appearing in TV shows and films such as Ferris Bueller s Day Off) made some provocative statements on Judge Jeanine Pirro s show recently. While discussing the halt that was imposed on President Trump s Executive Order on travel. Stein referred to the judgement by the 9th Circuit Court in Washington state as a  Coup d tat against the executive branch and against the constitution.  Stein went on to call the Judges in Seattle  political puppets  and the judiciary  political pawns. Watch the interview below for the complete statements and note the stark contrast to the rhetoric of the leftist media and pundits who neglect to note that no court has ever blocked any Presidential orders in immigration in the past or discuss the legal efficacy of the halt or the actual text of the Executive Order.READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23000,Two-thirds of US Navy Strike Fighter Jets Grounded: Navy Claims No Money to Fix Them,"21st Century Wire says Defense News said that sixty-two percent of the US Navy s F-18s are grounded and out of service and attributed this to be,  mostly because there isn t enough money to fix them  and noted they are awaiting planned maintenance and are held up waiting on spare parts. One must wonder if there is more to the story. Could this many of the US Navy s fighters be out of commission when the DoD budget in 2016 was almost 600 billion dollars? How can there not be enough money for spare parts? With RT breaking this story down further, we ll find that there are many other factors to consider than just not enough money for spare parts. Factors including shore facilities in disrepair, refurbish/retrofit issues for new equipment, the delays in development of a replacement platform such as the F-35 and  compounded by over a decade of war  RTSixty-two percent of the US Navy s F/A-18s are out of service, of which 27 percent are in major depot work and 35 percent are simply awaiting maintenance or parts, Defense News said, adding that 53 percent of all Navy aircraft   some 1,700 combat aircraft, patrol, transport planes, and helicopters   can t fly.Moreover, there  isn t enough money to fix the fleet s ships, and the backlog of ships needing work continues to grow,  the article says. Some subs have allegedly been out of service literally for years,  as much as four years or more,  Defense News reports.The Navy  can t get money to move around service members and their families to change assignments, and about $440 million is needed to pay sailors,  according to the publication.  And the service claims 15 percent of its shore facilities are in failed condition   awaiting repair, replacement or demolition,  it added.According to John Venable, a senior research fellow for defense policy at the Heritage Foundation, the backlog is so huge  it ll take them several years to refit, refurbish, and repair the F-18s that are in unserviceable condition. They can t catch up  even if the Trump administration gave them all the money they need,  he told the Washington Free Beacon. For a variety of reasons, our shipyards and aviation depots are struggling to get our ships and airplanes through maintenance periods on time,  Vice Chief of Naval Operations Admiral William Moran told lawmakers on the House Armed Services Committee on Wednesday.READ MORE: Defense Secretary Mattis orders reviews of F-35 and Air Force One to cut costs It has become clear to me that the Navy s overall readiness has reached its lowest level in many years,  he noted, adding that among the problems causing the situation are funding reductions and  consistent uncertainty about when those reduced budgets will be approved.  Between 2001 and 2015, the Navy was able to keep an average of 100 ships at sea each day, Moran said, adding that the Navy is smaller today than it s been in the last 99 years. The budget caps imposed on military and nonmilitary spending in the Budget Control Act have degraded our military readiness,  Representative Adam Smith (D-Washington) told CNN, adding that among other factors, constraints have been  compounded by over a decade of war Continue this report at RTSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23001,FAKE NEWS WEEK: Mainstream Media – All the Fake News That’s Fit to Print," In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, 21WIRE is running its own #FakeNewsWeek awareness campaign, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media as the real purveyors of  fake news  throughout modern history   SARTRE 21st Century WireUnderstanding the complex relationships that make up human endeavors permeates every aspect of society and politics. The ability to be informed about events is a basic motivation to search out news about what is exactly happening in the world we all live in. Journalism purports to report the first draft of history. In practice, the press and media coverage is systemically bereft of relevant facts and completely void of objectivity. The currency of the realm is trust for all journalists. Their collective credibility is bankrupt for a very simple reason; their newscasts are based upon lies, newspeak and intentional deception.Carlin Romano in We Need  Philosophy of Journalism , asks an essential question that is not at all addressed by the Fourth Estate:  How can it be that journalism and philosophy, the two humanistic intellectual activities that most boldly (and some think obnoxiously) vaunt their primary devotion to truth, are barely on speaking terms? Essentially, every component of the mainstream media multiplex is foremost a business. The business model is to operate under the aegis of monopolies. Even a casual observation of the interlocking ownership of big media must acknowledge that the concentration of likeminded Oligopolists are in unison to construct a consortium of predisposed narratives that has nothing to do with seeking the truth.When the term Pressitude is used to characterize the profession, the uninformed or limited literate news consumers often find comfort in turning on their network disinformation program. Those who take pride in obtaining their news from  papers of record  like the New York Times and the Washington Post rely upon a different motivation. Their aversion to any source that contradicts the establishment worldview is so painful to consider that they adopt a feeble rationalization for self-preservation, which demands rejection of any argument, verifiable facts or documented evidence that challenges their scripted storyline of reality.The example of Sharyl Attkisson, and Judith Miller, have been treated differently by their own employers. The first demonstrating courageous investigative reporting; whereas the second produced a fabricated account that deceived the public about nonexistent WMDs in Iraq. Attkisson was ostracized, while Miller is now a FOX News contributor.Miller s Pulitzer Prize, awarded while employed by the NYT   is no badge of honor. The term  Yellow Journalism  is most closely associated with Joseph Pulitzer and William Randolph Hearst. Their sensational duelling newspapers and extra editions shared the  Fake News  prototype during the late 19th century and early 20th century. What once was conveyed by a cartoon image is now a 24/7 cable news cycle. Granted, the 21st century is different, but the spin and outright lies follow the same pattern of misinformation. Deception, falsification and distortion are absorbed as nonchalantly as a My Pillow advertisement that inundates the propaganda that masquerades as news.The orthodox version of American media journalism was crafted under the guidance of William S. Paley of CBS, setting the highest standard for news reporting at that time. Names like Edward R. Murrow, Elmer Davis, William L. Shirer, Charles Collingwood, Howard K. Smith and Eric Sevareid are icons in the industry. For those who contend that this era invented  The most trusted man in America  Walter Cronkite, one must not forget that the broadcast news division ran budget deficits, while the parent network was most profitable. Yet for all the celebrated accolades that CBS News coveted, the underlying message behind the script was Edward Bernays  propaganda. Fast forward to the internet age and you find that these one-time news bureaus no longer control their monopoly over the news cycle.Immediacy in information dissemination no longer guarantees accuracy in the report anymore than corporatist editing ensures the believability of the popularly accepted viewpoint. Nevertheless, the predominant originator of  Fake News  comes from a far more sinister source; government brainwashing. Indeed, at the very core of vast news media apparatus are state-sponsored operatives and embeds. Any pretense that there is any independence within establishment media outlets is a symptom of the chronic idiocy within the popular culture. Inserting the government fake news version, using unreliable sources to shape an echo chamber of official fiction is the paradigm for mass indoctrination. Controlling gatekeepers to filter out any conflicting accounts uses both covert and overt censorship. The flagship news purveyors devote their resources to discredit genuine freelance reporting from any ideological perspectives. Mainstream Media (MSM) has the mission to smear any alternative news source and label them as disrepute journalists.The American Press Institute states that Journalism s first obligation is to the truth. Then refines this criterion by adding conditionality to the standard:  Journalism does not pursue truth in an absolute or philosophical sense, but in a capacity that is more down to earth. By inserting a subjective value element, any reasonable expectation that the work product is trustworthy is suspect. It becomes the task of the reader or viewer to critically analyze the underlying bias and intention to inculcate the culture.  When Marshall McLuhan coined the phrase,  The medium is the message,  he was foreseeing the extent of the newspeak affixed within the medium was not fully appreciated.Corporations select journalists for their adherence to nihilism in reporting. The MSM s denial of objective facts and practicing deception by generating actual fake news has produced generations of na ve, ill-informed and confused souls   placing a purdah veil over the heads of trendy clones, fostering the shearing of the sheeple society.Escaping this planet of press corps apes requires a withdrawal from the sophism. The coordinated accusations of  Fake News  attacks by the dinosaur media upon autonomous internet reporting is a sure sign that suppressing truth to power is the only storyline that matters to these secular relativists and muckraking crusaders to maintain their stranglehold on headline sound bites.The selection agenda which determines what constitutes news is an editorial function that bears witness to the parameters for public conditioning. All other reporting is declared as  conspiracy theory.  Even a casual assessment of the foreign press provides a contrast to the perception spin machine from K Street or Madison Avenue. As the monopoly media manipulation resorts to their faux news narrative, astute observers understand that their broadcast lies are the real Fake News.*** Author SARTRE is a special contributor to 21st Century Wire. Learn more about his writing and join-in on more forum discussions at BATR.READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
23002,Putin and Trump to Potentially Meet in Slovenia,"21st Century Wire says The Russian President, Vladimir Putin, had his first phone meeting with President Donald Trump after his inauguration in January and now it looks like the ground work is being laid for the first face to face meeting with Trump in person, perhaps in Slovenia.There certainly is a lot to discuss between trade, economic issues, security and of course terrorism. Putin noted, By joining our efforts, we could make a considerable contribution to settling these issues, including fighting international terrorism RT explores this report further in the below article. RT Ljubljana   and Slovenia in general   is of course a great place to hold such dialogue,  Putin said on Friday.Putin, who is currently welcoming Slovenian President Borut Pahor in Russia on an official visit, thanked his guest for his eagerness to host such a meeting, but said that the choice of venue did not depend on Moscow alone. If this meeting takes place someday, we have nothing against Ljubljana [as the venue],  Putin said at a press conference. He reminded that he also met with former US President Barack Obama in the Slovenian capital.READ MORE: Lavrov: Undoing Obama-inflicted damage to Russia-US ties will take great effortThe Russian and the new American presidents had their first phone conversation after Trump s inauguration in January. Yet, after Trump was sworn into presidency, Kremlin said it would take months rather than weeks to organize a meeting between the two leaders. It won t happen in a matter of weeks,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said in an interview with the BBC, adding the meeting could  hopefully  happen  in the months to come. Relations between Moscow and Washington have deteriorated badly over the past five years, the Russian president said on Friday. They  require recovery in the interests of both the Russian and American people,  Putin added, saying that Moscow has always  welcomed  mending ties with the US. We have always welcomed and count on restoring our relations to the full scale and in all directions, but it depends not only on us, but also on the American side,  Putin said.READ MORE:  Trump confronting rabid Russophobia found in DNA of Republican Party The new US president needs to finish forming his team, which will decide on  who will participate in the dialogues,  the Russian president told the media. Trade, economic, and security issues are to be among the topics discussed, including the  regions in the world suffering from numerous conflicts,  he said.'I don t know #Putin, but if we can get along with Russia that s a great thing'   #Trump https://t.co/6WmvIJcSQk pic.twitter.com/2OAohTJzxR  RT (@RT_com) January 27, 2017 By joining our efforts, we could make a considerable contribution to settling these issues Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23003,Message to President Trump from Syria’s Assad: ‘You Also Need Our Help to Defeat Terrorism’,"21st Century Wire says The following interview is the first western media appearance by Syrian President Bashar al Assad since Donald Trump took office in the US. In an exclusive interview with Yahoo News at the president s office in Damascus, Assad said President Trump s freeze on refugees into his country   part of an executive order that has drawn widespread protests and is being challenged in federal court    is an American issue  on which he would not take sides. But asked if some of those who fled are  aligned with terrorists,  Assad quickly replied,  Definitely. What is clear from this interview is that the President Assad has a much deeper and more realistic understanding of the real threat of terrorism, and the causes of terrorism   far and away beyond the shallow, childish rhetoric we hear on a daily basis from those US officials still openly supporting radical Islamist terrorists in Syria like US Senators like John McCain, Lindsey Graham, Bob Corker and other who are still clinging to the fictional narrative of the  moderate rebel  in Syria. It is also clear that Assad has a much more intelligent handle on the concept of  safe zones  than the Trump Administration so far, as well as a better understanding of the totality of refugee issue, who Assad said is partly fuelled by the crippling sanctions imposed by the US. Watch: ",0
23004,FAKE NEWS WEEK: How Mainstream Media ‘Fake News’ Led to the U.S. Invasion of Iraq," In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, 21WIRE is running its own #FakeNewsWeek awareness campaign, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media as the real purveyors of  fake news  throughout modern history  MSM LIES: Judith Miller of the New York Times was a key media operative used to sell the Iraq War to the public.  By Timothy Alexander GuzmanThe mainstream media (MSM) has declared war on alternative media websites labeling them Fake News ever since Hillary Clinton lost the election to Donald Trump. The New York Times editorial board expressed their frustration in an article calling for the censorship of alternative and social media    Facebook and the Digital Virus Called Fake News, which claimed both social media platforms (Facebook and Google) has not been aggressive enough in blocking fake news sites: Most of the fake news stories are produced by scammers looking to make a quick buck. The vast majority of them take far-right positions. But a big part of the responsibility for this scourge rests with internet companies like Facebook and Google, which have made it possible for fake news to be shared nearly instantly with millions of users and have been slow to block it from their sites. Some of the websites named in a fake news list by Melissa  Mish  Zimdars, an assistant professor of communication at Merrimack College in Massachusetts including 21st Century Wire, Activist Post, Global Research.ca, Lew Rockwell.com, Natural News.com and ProjectVeritas (who released undercover videos of the DNC attempting to rig the elections) and others have exposed the lies by MSM [mainstream media] propaganda.The MSM has lost its credibility and at the same time lost viewers at unprecedented levels. on April 17, 2016, the Associated Press reported on how the U.S. population viewed the MSM    Poll: Getting facts right key to Americans  trust in media said that,  Just 6 percent of people say they have a lot of confidence in the media, putting the news industry about equal to Congress and well below the public s view of other institutions. Now they want to stop the alternative media from becoming a credible source for news. The New York Times is calling for the censorship of the alternative and social media by blocking misinformation :Blocking misinformation will help protect the company s brand and credibility. Some platforms have suffered when they have failed to address users  concerns. Twitter users, for instance, have backed away from that platform because of abusive trolling, threatening posts and hate speech, which the company hasn t been able to control.Mr. Zuckerberg himself has spoken at length about how social media can help improve society. In a 2012 letter to investors, he said it could  bring a more honest and transparent dialogue around government that could lead to more direct empowerment of people, more accountability for officials and better solutions to some of the biggest problems of our time.  None of that will happen if he continues to let liars and con artists hijack his platform.Just to be clear, there are a number of websites that do spread misinformation including those in the alternative media, but it is fair to say that they never have caused the deaths of millions of people like The New York Times when it comes to U.S. foreign policy. A recent example is the U.S. led war against Iraq in 2003. After the September 11th attacks, the George W. Bush administration made a false accusation that the Iraq government had Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMDs) which led to a U.S. invasion eventually toppling Iraqi President Saddam Hussein. The U.S. led war turned out to be a calculated plan by The Project for the New American Century (PNAC), a neo-conservative think-tank who wrote the secretive blueprint called,  Rebuilding America s Defenses: Strategies, Forces And Resources For A New Century to remove Saddam Hussein and the Ba ath party from power. The blueprint was originally written for the neocon lunatics who served under then-President George W. Bush including Vice-President Dick Cheney and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to establish an international Security order dominated by the United States. According to the document: In broad terms, we saw the project as building upon the defense strategy outlined by the Cheney Defense Department in the waning days of the Bush Administration. The Defense Policy Guidance (DPG) drafted in the early months of 1992 provided a blueprint for maintaining U.S. preeminence, precluding the rise of a great power rival, and shaping the international security order in line with American principles and interests. PNAC was founded by neoconservatives William Kristol, a political analyst, media commentator (FOX News, ABC News) and the founder and editor of The Weekly Standard and Robert Kagan, an author, columnist, and foreign-policy commentator who is a member of the Council of Foreign Relations (CFR) and a fellow at the Brookings Institution. Kagan is also the husband of Victoria Nuland, the Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs appointed by President Obama who helped orchestrate a coup against the Ukrainian government of the democratically elected President Viktor Yanukovych. The blueprint for regime change in Iraq was planned way before George W. Bush became President in 2001: Indeed, the United States has for decades sought to play a more permanent role in Gulf regional security. While the unresolved conflict with Iraq provides the immediate justification, the need for a substantial American force presence in the Gulf transcends the issue of the regime of Saddam Hussein. However, Judith Miller (who is currently an adjunct fellow at the Manhattan Institute) and The New York Times played a crucial role for the Bush Administration. Miller wrote one of the main articles on Iraq s  WMDs  that justified the Bush Administration s agenda to topple Saddam Hussein and the Ba ath party. The article was not just  fake  news telling a lie that deceived the public, it destroyed a sovereign nation. The U.S. war against Iraq killed more than 1.4 million Iraqis (according to www.justforeignpolicy.org estimates) and more than 4,400 U.S. troops and tens of thousands permanently injured. The Iraq War also displaced millions of Iraqis thus creating a refugee crisis in neighboring countries including Syria. The destabilization of Iraq has also created a terrorist recruiting base that has spread throughout the Middle East including Syria.The New York Times published Miller s article on April 21st, 2003    AFTER EFFECTS: PROHIBITED WEAPONS; Illicit Arms Kept Till Eve of War, An Iraqi Scientist Is Said to Assert which claimed that an Iraqi scientist confirmed that the Iraqi government had WMDs:They said the scientist led Americans to a supply of material that proved to be the building blocks of illegal weapons, which he claimed to have buried as evidence of Iraq s illicit weapons programs. The scientist also told American weapons experts that Iraq had secretly sent unconventional weapons and technology to Syria, starting in the mid-1990 s, and that more recently Iraq was cooperating with Al Qaeda, the military officials said.The Americans said the scientist told them that President Saddam Hussein s government had destroyed some stockpiles of deadly agents as early as the mid-1990 s, transferred others to Syria, and had recently focused its efforts instead on research and development projects that are virtually impervious to detection by international inspectors, and even American forces on the ground combing through Iraq s giant weapons plantsOn April, 22, 2003, Miller appeared on the PBS News Hour and spoke about her evidence on what she described as a Silver Bullet from an Iraqi scientist who allegedly worked on Saddam s weapons program:RAY SUAREZ: The task of finding that definitive proof falls in part to specialized teams within the U.S. Military. New York Times correspondent Judith Miller is reporting on the search conducted by units of the 75th exploitation task force. And she joins us now by phone south of Baghdad. Judith Miller, welcome back to the program. Has the unit you ve been traveling with found any proof of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq?JUDITH MILLER: Well, I think they found something more than a  smoking gun.  What they ve found is what is being called here by the members of MET Alpha  that s Mobile Exploitation Team Alpha  what they found is a silver bullet in the form of a person, an Iraqi individual, a scientist, as we ve called him, who really worked on the programs, who knows them firsthand, and who has led MET Team Alpha people to some pretty startling conclusions that have kind of challenged the American intelligence community s under  previous understanding of, you know, what we thought the Iraqis were doing.RAY SUAREZ: Does this confirm in a way the insistence coming from the U.S. government that after the war, various Iraqi tongues would loosen, and there might be people who would be willing to help?JUDITH MILLER: Yes, it clearly does. I mean, it s become pretty clear to those of us on the ground that the international inspectors, without actually controlling the territory and changing the political environment, would never have been able to get these people to step forward. I mean, you can only do that when you know there is not going to be a secret policeman at your door the next day, and that your family isn t going to suffer because you re talking. And that s what the Bush administration has finally done. They have changed the political environment, and they ve enabled people like the scientists that MET Alpha has found to come forth. Now, what initially the weapons hunters thought they were going to find were stockpiles of kind of chemical and biological agents. That s what they anticipated finding. We now know from the scientist that, in fact, that probably isn t what we re going to find. What they will find, and what they have found so far, are kind of precursors; that is, building blocks of what you would need to put together a chemical or a biological weapon.But those stockpiles that we ve heard about, well, those have either been destroyed by Saddam Hussein, according to the scientists, or they have been shipped to Syria for safekeeping. And what I think the interpretation of the MET Alpha people is, is why he did this. They believe that Saddam Hussein wanted to destroy the evidence of his unconventional weapons programs, and that s what he has done  not only since 1995, but also in the weeks and months that led up to the war itself. There was mass destruction. And the scientist who has been cooperating with MET Alpha has actually said that he participated in  he kind of watched, you know, a warehouse being burned that contained potentially incriminating biological equipment. So clearly what Saddam Hussein wanted to do was cover his weapons of mass destruction tracks. And that means that the whole shape of the hunt here on the ground for unconventional weapons is changing.The problem with Miller s assertion that Iraq had WMDs is that it relied on an Iraqi exile named Ahmed Chalabi who wanted regime change against Saddam Hussein s government. James Moore of The Guardian wrote,  How Chalabi and the White House held the front page    how  The New York Times has burned its reputation on a pyre of lies about Iraq    described Chalabi as a convicted criminal who embezzled millions from his Petra Bank in Amman, Jordan. Moore said the following: Judith Miller, a Pulitzer Prize-winning reporter and authority on the Middle East for the NYT, appears to have been the most reliant on Chalabi. In an email exchange with the NYT s Baghdad bureau chief John Burns, Miller said Chalabi  had provided most of the front page exclusives for our paper . She later said that this was an exaggeration, but in an earlier interview with me, Miller did not discount the value of Chalabi s insight.  Of course, I talked with Chalabi,  she said.  But he was just one of many sources I used. Miller refused to say who those other sources were but, at Chalabi s behest, she interviewed various defectors from Saddam Hussein s regime, who claimed without substantiation that there was still a clandestine WMD programme operating inside Iraq. US investigators now believe that Chalabi sent these same Iraqi expatriates to at least eight Western spy agencies as part of a scheme to convince them to overthrow Saddam. Mr. Moore mentioned Miller s article which was co-written with Michael R. Gordon and published by The New York Times on September 8th, 2002 titled,  THREATS AND RESPONSES: THE IRAQIS; U.S. SAYS HUSSEIN INTENSIFIES QUEST FOR A-BOMB PARTS    claiming that Saddam was building a uranium gas separator to develop nuclear material :If spies wanted a trophy to show what happens when their craft is perfectly executed, it would be a story written by Judith Miller on the front page of the New York Times on a Sunday morning in September 2002. She wrote that an intercepted shipment of aluminum tubes, to be used for centrifuges, was evidence that Saddam was building a uranium gas separator to develop nuclear material.The story had an enormous impact, one amplified when national security adviser Condoleezza Rice, secretary of state Colin Powell and vice-president Dick Cheney all did appearances on the Sunday-morning talk shows, citing the first-rate journalism of the liberal NYT. No single story did more to advance the neoconservative cause.Here is the original excerpt from Miller s original September 8th 2002 New York Times article: More than a decade after Saddam Hussein agreed to give up weapons of mass destruction, Iraq has stepped up its quest for nuclear weapons and has embarked on a worldwide hunt for materials to make an atomic bomb, Bush administration officials said today.In the last 14 months, Iraq has sought to buy thousands of specially designed aluminum tubes, which American officials believe were intended as components of centrifuges to enrich uranium. American officials said several efforts to arrange the shipment of the aluminum tubes were blocked or intercepted but declined to say, citing the sensitivity of the intelligence, where they came from or how they were stopped. According to Moore (and many other journalists, researchers and alternative media outlets), Judith Miller s story was completely false and that the the aluminum tubes were covered with an anodised coating, which rendered them useless for a centrifuge, according to a number of scientists who spoke publicly after Miller s story. Moore continued the tubes, in fact, were almost certainly intended for use as rocket bodies. Lastly, Moore quoted what Miller had told him about her sources which lead to the WMD hoax: I had no reason to believe what I reported was inaccurate,  Miller told me.  I believed the intelligence I had. We tried really hard to get more information and we vetted information very, very carefully.  A few months after the aluminum tubes story, a former CIA analyst explained to me how simple it had been to manipulate the correspondent and her newspaper. The White House had a perfect deal with Miller,  he said.  Chalabi is providing the Bush people with the information they need to support their political objectives, and he is supplying the same material to Judy Miller. Chalabi tips her on something and then she goes to the White House, which has already heard the same thing from Chalabi, and she gets it corroborated. She also got the Pentagon to confirm things for her, which made sense, since they were working so closely with Chalabi. Too bad Judy didn t spend a little more time talking to those of us who had information that contradicted almost everything Chalabi said. The New York Times was clearly embarrassed by Miller s articles after the fact that Miller was wrong all along about the WMDs that led up to the invasion of Iraq. Nothing was ever found. On May 26th, 2004, the editorial board admitted their wrongdoing. The article,  FROM THE EDITORS; The Times and Iraq,  stated that,  We have examined the failings of American and allied intelligence, especially on the issue of Iraq s weapons and possible Iraqi connections to international terrorists which blames U.S. and other intelligence agencies (which do share the blame to an extent).The editorial piece continued We have studied the allegations of official gullibility and hype. It is past time we turned the same light on ourselves. Well, they do turn the light on themselves, sort of: But we have found a number of instances of coverage that was not as rigorous as it should have been. In some cases, information that was controversial then, and seems questionable now, was insufficiently qualified or allowed to stand unchallenged. Looking back, we wish we had been more aggressive in re-examining the claims as new evidence emerged   or failed to emerge.The problematic articles varied in authorship and subject matter, but many shared a common feature. They depended at least in part on information from a circle of Iraqi informants, defectors and exiles bent on  regime change  in Iraq, people whose credibility has come under increasing public debate in recent weeks. (The most prominent of the anti-Saddam campaigners, Ahmad Chalabi, has been named as an occasional source in Times articles since at least 1991, and has introduced reporters to other exiles. He became a favorite of hard-liners within the Bush administration and a paid broker of information from Iraqi exiles, until his payments were cut off last week). Complicating matters for journalists, the accounts of these exiles were often eagerly confirmed by United States officials convinced of the need to intervene in Iraq. Administration officials now acknowledge that they sometimes fell for misinformation from these exile sources. So did many news organizations   in particular, this one The New York Times admittance that their journalistic principals had failed was too little and too late. The MSM in particular The New York Times relied on  fake  evidence from Ahmad Chalabi for years (since 1991 to be exact). The MSM failed the Iraqi people who suffered enormously under a pack of lies that destroyed their country. When Washington uses  propaganda  or fake news reports against a sovereign nation, the outcome is always  regime change  that sometimes leads to an all-out war. The MSM has time and time again been guilty of perpetrating fake news stories to assist in Washington s Imperial agenda.The Iraq War was the biggest lie of the 21st century. What other fake news stories will appear on the MSM websites and newspapers in the future regarding Syria, Russia, China, Iran, the Palestinians, Venezuela, Cuba, Ecuador, Nicaragua, and even the U.S. President-elect, Donald Trump?To answer that, we just don t know, but it is up to the alternative media to decipher the  fake  stories and bring out the truth. It is just a matter of time that the MSM will falsify another story; let s just hope it won t lead to another war in the process.*** Author Timothy Alexander Guzman is an independent researcher and writer with a focus on political, economic, media and historical spheres. He has been published in Global Research, The Progressive Mind, European Union Examiner, News Beacon Ireland, WhatReallyHappened.com, EIN News and a number of other alternative news sites. Areas of specialization include political issues, economic issues, media and history. This article was originally published at Silent Crow News.READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @ 21WIRE.TV ",0
23005,Boiler Room #96 – The Great Lobster Degeneracy & The Art of Debate,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at a special time tonight 5:30 PM PST | 7:30 PM CST | 8:30 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for bar fly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki host of The Nameless Podcast, Jay Dyer Jay s Analysis, Stewart Howe and Randy J for the 96th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the crew. Tonight the gang is discussing the myriad of news and main stream media shenanigans that have taken place since the last meeting of the ACR brain-trust know as THE BOILER ROOM.Listen to  Boiler Room #96  on Spreaker.Direct Download Episode #96SPECIAL EVENT: Immediately following BOILER ROOM  Debate the State: State or No State.  Tonight at 7:30 PM PST | 9:30 PM CST | 10:30 PM EST: Jay Dyer versus Adam Kokesh in a 2 hour formal setting of position, response, on the Spearhead Transmission Podcast and Live-Streamed on YouTube.com below and Audio via Alternate Current Radio Network.Download audio version of Jay Dyer vs. Adam Kokesh debate the statePlease like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Reference Links:",0
23006,BREAKING: Trump’s Travel Ban Halt Upheld by 9th Circuit Court,"21st Century Wire says Today the 9th Circuit Court of appeals has ruled to uphold the halt on allowing enforcement of President Trump s Executive Order banning travel from seven countries in the Middle East. Even as the mainstream media is touting it as a  win  for left wing activists and the democrats who have their heels dug in against  all things Trump,  many readers will find that it is not much of a surprise to hear that the case will be headed to a further round of appeals. It may be difficult for the courts to continue holding up this stay against the Executive Order as their primary argument is that the order is a  Muslim ban.  Anyone who s read the actual Executive Order Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the US will find it fairly clear that there is no such language in the EO. RT explores this breaking news further in the report below with some embedded commentary from Lionel Media. RT We hold that the government has not shown a likelihood of success on the merits of its appeal, nor has it shown that failure to enter a stay would cause irreparable injury, and we therefore deny its emergency motion for a stay,  the appeals court s decision said.Government lawyers were put to the test by the three-judge panel, arguing in favor of enforcing the travel ban while litigation over it is ongoing.The 9th Circuit Court was not ruling on whether the order was constitutional or not. The issue at hand was whether it would be enforced while legal challenges made their way through the judicial system.Large parts of the executive order had been suspended by US District Judge James L. Robart in Seattle, who incurred President Trump s fury on Twitter. Trump called him a  so-called judge  who  opens up our country to potential terrorists  and puts the country in  peril. The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017Trump s gripes with the judicial branch of government were echoed by DOJ lawyer August E. Flentje. When asked on Tuesday by Judge Michelle T. Friedland whether he was arguing  that the president s decision in that regard is unreviewable,  Flentje responded in the affirmative.Washington Solicitor General Noah Purcell, who also represented Minnesota, seemed to express similar feelings when he argued to keep the travel ban in place by telling the appeals court that if they did not  abdicate  their check on the executive branch, they would  throw the country back into chaos. The three judges also argued amongst themselves over whether or not the travel ban on seven predominantly Muslim countries constituted a Muslim ban. Judge Richard Clifton argued that the countries affected by the executive order  encompass only a relatively small percentage of Muslims. I have trouble understanding we re supposed to infer religious animus,  he said.Washington State argued against the DOJ and claimed that the ban was based on religion after former Trump advisor, Rudy Giuliani, claimed on Fox News that Trump had asked him how to pass a legal Muslim ban.Wash.: Well, the Pres called for complete bans on Muslims entering the country. That's what adviser said on TV. #WAvTrump  Brian Goldman (@briangoldman) February 7, 2017 Wash.: We can infer animus from public statements of Pres and top advisers   intent to ban Muslims. #WAvTrump  Brian Goldman (@briangoldman) February 7, 2017Washington also cited the many lawful permanent residents who were impacted by the executive order, some of whom were detained in airports after trying to reenter the country legally. While the executive order has since been rewritten to exclude lawful permanent residents, Washington argued that it was a sign of  bad faith. Wash.: Cases say you can look behind order to find motives where there are allegations of bad faith, which we have here. #WAvTrump  Brian Goldman (@briangoldman) February 7, 2017The ruling was nearly guaranteed to be appealed up to the Supreme Court from the get-go Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23007,"EP #13: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Fake News, Fake Crisis’ with guest Mark Anderson","  In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, 21WIRE is running its own #FakeNewsWeek awareness campaign, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media as the real purveyors of  fake news  throughout modern history  Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 12 This week we tackle the issue of  fake news    through a historical lens and from behind the media curtain In our main feature segment, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest, investigative journalist, Mark Anderson from American Free Press and The Truth Hound, to talk about his experience covering the Bilderberg Group, as well as the faux crisis known as fake news   where it came from and what it means in the context of today s political circus. Listen Listen to  EP 13: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with Mark Anderson  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESPatrick Henningsen is editor of 21st Century Wire and also the host of the THE SUNDAY WIRE which broadcasts LIVE on Alternate Current Radio Sundays from 5pm-8pm GMT, 12pm-3pm EST, 9am-12pm PST. He is also the host of Patrick Henningsen LIVE on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX on terrestrial AM radio out of Phoenix, Arizona. READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23008,Patrick Henningsen and Don DeBar Discuss Trump’s ‘Immigration Ban’ and the Media Reaction,"Sputnik Radio s new program Trend Storm is hosted by American geopolitical analyst and writer Andrew Korybko. This week, Andrew explores what s really driving the media uproar and political protests surrounding President Trump s executive order on immigration Andrew Korybko Trend StormUS President Donald Trump s controversial Executive Order to temporarily limit the entrance of select foreign nationals to the US is becoming a larger-than-life scandal of epic proportions.Following through on yet another of his campaign promises, America s new leader has banned people from seven countries from entering the US, building off of the list of supposedly terrorist-prone countries that his predecessor first identified. The immediacy of the order caught many people off guard, and there was confusion about whether it would apply to permanent residents (green card-holders), already-vetted refugees, and individuals in transit. Almost immediately after the announcement was made last Friday, thousands of people across the US flocked to their local airports to protest the measure. In doing so, they defied what are ordinarily strict security measures, which during regular times would prohibit such large-scale gatherings at locations considered essential to the nation s infrastructure.The protesters claimed that Trump had  banned Muslims  from entering the US, and the hashtag #MuslimBan instantly started trending on Twitter. In defense of the motion, Trump and his surrogates said that most majority-Muslim countries were untouched by the temporary border restrictions, pointing out that Indonesia   the world s most populous Muslim country   isn t on the list, for example. Moreover, in a cynical retort to the critics, they reminded the public that Obama had earlier suspended the US refugee program for Iraqi nationals for half a year back in 2011, though no such protests erupted at that time. Nevertheless, it s hard for the Trump Administration to shake the social media stigma that this is a  Muslim Ban , no matter how convincingly they may argue that it amounts to nothing more than a brief review period for high-risk countries prior to the implementation of what s being called  extreme vetting.  This is because the mainstream US media is very sympathetic to what Trump and his spokespeople have termed the  political opposition,  namely, the Democratic Party.The perception management and narrative-building that these two institutions are known for was seen vividly and on full display during the presidential campaign, but it s gotten even more intense since Trump s election. Just like back then, however, it doesn t seem to be doing its intended job, since a Reuters poll released on Tuesday found that 49% of Americans are in favor of the President s action, while 41% are against it.Patrick Henningsen, Founder and Executive Editor of 21stCenturyWire.com and the host of the Sunday Wire Show, and Don DeBar, host of a syndicated daily radio newscast CPR News heard across the US, commented on the issue  . READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23009,FAKE NEWS WEEK: Electronic Voting – The Big Lie That Just Won’t Die,"  In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, 21WIRE is running its own #FakeNewsWeek awareness campaign, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media as the real purveyors of  fake news  throughout modern history . Mark Anderson 21st Century WireThe U.S. government, the  intelligence  community and their malicious mainstream-media partners in deception just won t let it go.The underhanded U.S. unitary state, which seeks a unipolar world with the U.S. in charge, still says in its  never ending story  that omniscient, omnipresent Russian leader Vladimir Putin masterminded hacking the computerized systems of U.S. elections as well as Democratic National Committee computers.Then, as the stale tale goes, Russia handed all the resulting electronic juicy tidbits over to Wikileaks, which turned around and dropped a veritable information bomb on America s delicate democracy.But while that  bomb  allegedly influenced enough people to vote for the winner Donald Trump and not for loser Hillary Clinton, to this day, according to big media, we re supposed to forget all about the creepy, damning, criminally inclined things contained in the Podesta-Clinton emails themselves.So, let s try and grasp this media-massaged, intel-infused message: Even though the emails apparently had enough sizzle and scandal to boost one presidential candidate over another, we re still prodded to think that the information in the emails somehow isn t the issue even though the content of the emails will always be what matters the most.Also notice what no one, and certainly no media outlet, dares to mention regarding the other half of this issue: If Putin also was crafty enough to hack into the actual state-level U.S. election systems, then this implies that U.S. elections systems can be hacked in the first place.This is huge. Think about it the next time you use an electronic  ES&S Ivotronic touchscreen voting machine or Hart InterCivic s model at the polls.All along, we ve been reassured that the electronic voting systems used in about 95% of American voting precincts are The Greatest Thing Ever Invented and Monumentally Secure Are they really? THE ELECTORAL INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX: Securing America s automated voting systems has become a complicated affair. And, all along, writers like Yours Truly, highly credible Texas vote-reform activists like Laura Pressley, Vickie Karp, Bev Harris and others have uncovered tons of evidence that electronic elections are an immensely deceptive and vulnerable apparatus   vulnerable to external hacking and also to being  fixed  from the inside without any need for outside hacking, through the proprietary software inside the these voting contraptions that can be pre-set to steal elections if the need arises.You re going to want to see my interview with Laura Pressley, on behalf of American Free Press, through this link right here.THE RUSSIAN DISTRACTION As Pressley shows in detail, the integrity and lawfulness of Texas elections are in serious peril   not because of any outside  autocrats  like Putin and his supposed cyberspace minions, but because of state and local election officials, right here in the U.S., who absolutely will not follow state election law. And the average TV or newspaper reporter is utterly tone-deaf to these problems, which keeps the people in perpetual fog, unaware that U.S. elections have been effectively privatized by those who make the machines that count the votes.To hear more about this  Putin the Hacker  debacle, please listen to my Dec. 29, 2016 interview with UK-based radio host Andrew Carrington Hitchcock on his regularly scheduled American Free Press (AFP) show.Furthermore, check out this Election Night Gatekeepers overview on my blog by election-theft expert Jim Condit Jr., who worked with the late Collier brothers in their game-changing book,  Votescam.  The media is part of a secretive consortium that counts the vote in secret, meaning the mainstream press  fake news carries with it evidence of criminal collusion.The unavoidable conclusion is that the powers-that-be   in going after Putin and calling him The Supreme Hacker of the Known Universe  have shot themselves in the foot because they re clearly and finally admitting in the process that U.S. voting systems CAN be hacked, after more than a decade of denial.This means that all their denials about electronic election fraud are invalidated.  The critics of electronic election systems are right. The establishment is wrong. End of discussion.Meanwhile, recalling some recent history, Wayne Madsen Reports provided some important perspective: Although the Central Intelligence Agency has had a long history of undermining presidents-elect and prime ministers-elect in other countries, the United States has never witnessed the intelligence agency so blatantly attempting to politically weaken a U.S. president-elect [Trump] just a few weeks prior to the inauguration. What the CIA is doing in forcing Donald Trump into shifting from his campaign promise of restoring good relations with Russia to one of outright hostility to Moscow   favored by the CIA, Director of National Intelligence (DNI), and the neo-conservatives within the Republican and Democratic Party establishments  is nothing less than an overt threat to American democracy. WHERE ARE THE CYBER-COPS?And, as American Free Press reported in its first 2017 edition, the young owner of a Russian-based web-server company may have a handle on who stole sensitive electronic communications between Hillary Clinton and some of her advisors.But 26-year-old Vladimir Fomenko knows one thing for sure: U.S. intelligence, which professes to be hot on the trail of exposing Russian hacking, doesn t seem to care about his story.This means that our leaders in Washington have long ignored a solid lead that could prove once and for all whether or not the Russian government hacked the computers systems of top Democrats and U.S. elections systems.Fomenko recently spoke to AFP to try and demystify the controversy surrounding his King Servers company and the cyberattacks purportedly carried out at the behest of Russia.AFP writer John Friend, quoting Fomenko, noted that even though his servers were exploited in this cyber-crime:  No U.S. law enforcement or intelligence agency is interested in speaking with him to gather real evidence on the perpetrators. The U.S. was not the only country hit by computer hackers. Hackers evidently targeted Germany, Turkey, and Ukraine, apparently attempting to upset democratic processes.It was when WikiLeaks began releasing hacked data from the DNC late this past summer that media reports and the Clinton campaign began blaming Russia with no solid evidence to support that assertion.After learning about this shadowy criminal activity, Fomenko immediately shut down the servers and looked into the situation. He says he s willing to cooperate with law enforcement. We pursued an investigation without delay and found some tracks leading to Europe,  Fomenko told AFP. Web hosting is a legal enterprise  . . . regulated by law,  Fomenko added.  King Servers works in Russia, the U.S., and the Netherlands and complies with the laws of these countries. Fomenko stressed:  No U.S. law enforcement agency has contacted us at this time. Neither the FBI nor any other U.S., Russian, or Dutch intelligence agency has contacted us. The plot thickens WSB-TV Channel 2 reporters in Atlanta, Georgia actually did their job and noted:  The Georgia Secretary of State s office now confirms 10 different cyberattacks on its network all trace back to U.S. Department of Homeland Security IP addresses. Georgia Secretary of State Brian Kemp, dissatisfied with the federal government s dodgy explanation about these DHS cyberattacks, fired off a letter to then-President-elect Donald Trump to put him in the loop.So, it ll be interesting to see if Trump ever helps Georgia, and other states whose election systems were supposedly hacked, figure out what happened and who s really responsible.After all this time, the accusation that Russia  did it  still looks less and less credible, as this additional AFP piece outlines, yet the American establishment, thinking it could blame Russia to explain Hillary s loss and come to grips with Trump s win, just won t drop the blame-Putin narrative.We can only hope that Trump s claim that he ll start putting some limits on our out-of-control spy agencies will come true. If ever there was a good reason to pursue those limits, this high-level U.S. intelligence gambit to blame Putin, no matter what, is it. The orthodox press has been a solid ally all along of these intel-intrigues.And this gives Trump a chance to prove he s the real deal, and not another asset of the establishment, despite his seemingly honest intentions to name names and seek real solutions to the real problems that are troubling Americans and citizens across the world.For, if elections are not really a means to find and assign better leaders who will use their victory as a mandate to do the right thing for the voters, then what s the point of having elections at all, hacked or not hacked, honest or not?Author Mark Anderson is an investigative journalist and features writer for American Free Press, and is editor of The Truth Hound. Contact Mr. Anderson at truthhound2@yahoo.com. READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23010,"Trump Blasts Democrats: A ‘disgrace’ that Full Cabinet Not in Place, ‘Obstruction by Democrats!’","21st Century Wire says In a tweet by President Donald Trump on Tuesday he called the Democratic Party out for obstructing the formation of his cabinet. He noted it was a  disgrace  that his full cabinet was not in place and blamed the Democrat Party for  obstruction. It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017Does President Trump have a valid point?If we look at the appointments and confirmations of both the Bush and Obama administrations for nominees to lead major departments and agencies there is an undeniable difference when comparing to Trump s appointees. Trump s fifth cabinet member was confirmed on Tuesday. Obama had twelve appointments sworn in at this time in his tenure.The Senate confirmed Education Department lead, Betsy DeVos, on Tuesday after Democrats held an all-nighter with a failed attempt to stop her confirmation. She was confirmed in a vote of 51-50 after two GOP senators joined all the Democrats in voting against her and Vice President Pence cast the vote that broke the tie.Senate Democrats are planning yet another all night debate into Wednesday in protest of President Trump s choice for Attorney General, Jeff Sessions. Many people are finding it hard to argue with the President s tweet as the Democrats certainly appear to be putting up road blocks at every opportunity.READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23011,FAKE NEWS WEEK: Exposing The Mainstream Consensus Reality Complex," In response to the establishment media s contrived  fake news  crisis designed to marginalise independent and alternative media sources of news and analysis, 21WIRE is running its own #FakeNewsWeek awareness campaign, where each day our editorial team at 21st Century Wire will feature media critiques and analysis of mainstream corporate media coverage of current events   exposing the government and the mainstream media as the real purveyors of  fake news  throughout modern history Patrick Henningsen 21st Century WireSome things never change. In the 21st century, people in power are still attacking independent voices for speaking up for what they believe, and for sharing their opinions.The first time I heard the term  fake news  uttered in unison from the mouths of mainstream media pundits, the irony was overtaken by the absurdity of it. It was beyond outrageous, and hearing it coming from the mainstream media was bordering on vaudeville. After watching and analyzing decades of media deception and government-issued press releases masquerading as hard news, and then to see the establishment attempting to force-feed this meme down our collective mainstream feeding tube, I suppose that would make the old editorial board at Soviet Izvestia wince (not that they were any worse than CNN is today).Sure it s laughable, but it s also incredibly sad to watch otherwise well-educated, smart and intelligent media professionals get so caught up in the political comedy-tragedy that was the 2016 Election   they volunteered en mass to abandon their senses and any semblance of journalistic objectivity, in order to join in a virtual witch-hunt. This was a new low-point for mainstream media, and for America.This topic is vast and growing more controversial by the day. There s a lot to unpack and we know, based on past performance, the mainstream media can t be trusted to do an objective job, much less critique itself. Their conversation is completely out of order. To help right this process, 21WIRE has launched Fake News Week to help educate the public on aspects of this important issue which will most certainly be ignored by the establishment media. Throughout this week, we will present a number well-researched articles cataloguing actual fake news and demonstrating this is a mainstream problem, and one as old as the media itself.The Story of Fake NewsSince the dawn of mass media in the 20th century, media propaganda has been steadily advancing in western societies. This process is being accelerated through technology. If you are waiting for the mainstream media to finally get together for some mass-mea culpa or have one giant come to Jesus moment, then you ll just be waiting for Godot. No, instead of reigning itself in, they have constructed an elaborate straw man instead, which they are calling  fake news. With the passage of the US presidential election, many thought that the  fake news  meme would die off. Instead, the Establishment is doubling down on it, in hysterical fashion.We re told that the real problem started because of an unlikely  fake news  cottage industry, supposedly run out of the Balkans, in a little Macedonian village called Velles (if we are to take The Guardian and BuzzFeed s word for it, anyway), where enterprising eastern European teens started pumping out countless fake news articles, making use major social media platforms to propel their articles. That s right, there was actual fake news circulating on Facebook, but calling it news is a bit of an overstatement. If one were to accurately label it, it would just be called junk.It was in late September that I first noticed all of these fake news posts pouring into nearly every Facebook news groups I subscribed to. I began collecting links from about 50 URLs in a vain attempt construct a database in order to work out where it was coming from, who was behind it, and what was the object of the exercise. At first thing I thought,  how could anyone take any of these seriously? Everyone is used to junk on Facebook, but these were ridiculous. One of the silliest stories was this one: Hillary Clinton Buying Illegal Weapons  Kremlin Reports.  Granted, you d have to be a real fool to take articles like that seriously, and yet, this is what mainstream media and academia are doing. They have made these obviously bogus internet posts into the pretext for a centralized system of control, arbitrated by Facebook and others, with the remit of deciding a  baseline  for what is true and what is deemed as fake news.As it turns out, during the election cycle and every day since, the only people who took these stories seriously were the mainstream media and still disgruntled Clinton supporters   both of whom are insisting, baselessly, that these spoof stories somehow swung the US election. Sure, there is a radical minority of short attention span web surfers and 3am Reddit junkies who would grab and run with these type of stories, but I would think that most normal people would have thought,  What idiot would believe any of these.  By November, my database of fake news and  election news  websites was approach 300. It became clear that new websites were being launched almost daily. These sites had a few things in common; all were over-loaded with Click Bait pop-up ads, and many of them carried malicious malware. Undoubtedly, the owners of these faux news sites had been raking-in a fortune in CMP ad revenues based on traffic that was not so much driven by genuine interest, but rather out of entertainment-based curiosity, and possibly a depraved desire to shock friends and loved ones with crazy online stories. The real damage was subtle  by flooding social media with junk, they would rapidly push real independent news and alternative media articles down the page s timeline, and into cyber limbo.Qui bono? Certainly, the establishment media, watching their main competition   real independent media outlets, drowning in a cesspool of internet flotsam and jetsam of fake Trump and Hillary  articles.  Just like those cheap Chinese knock-offs at your local flea market, someone aped the alternative media, devaluing and damaging it in the process. If only it had ended there On Nov 18, 2016, I woke up to an inbox full of friends and colleagues informing me that this website, 21stCenturyWire.com, had been featured in the L.A. Times expos  on  fake news   the first major blacklist of  fake news  websites featured in the mainstream media entitled,  Want to keep fake news out of your newsfeed? College professor creates list of sites to avoid.  A number of these blacklists have appeared online for a number of years, but this was the first time such a list was given credence by a mainstream publication.The list was created by one Melissa Zimdars, an academic and radical progressive-liberal activist, who teaches  media studies  from Merrimack College in Massachusetts. The story was quickly syndicated all over the globe, including spinoff reports by CNN and The Guardian. Not surprisingly, the author of the article was another liberal activist, a journalist named Jessica Roy. Like Zimdars, Jessica Roy is a feminist activist, and had previously used her position as a mainstream journalist to produce hit pieces promoting a radical liberal social agenda. Both Roy and Zimdars appear to support many of the same causes and are pushing similar political campaigns on social media, and were likely committed Hillary Clinton supporters too. With that in mind, both Roy and Zimdars were probably very unhappy about 21WIRE s harsh criticism of Secretary Clinton s tenure as head of the US State Department under Obama from 2009-2013, and probably were not chuffed either that we called the establishment s official  Russian Hack  conspiracy theory a hoax during the presidential campaign. Both of those articles went viral in the week before the election.Many other excellent and reputable independent news sites were also on the list, but were intentionally placed alongside well-known satire websites, as well as with obvious poorly crafted  fake news  sites. I seriously wondered if Dr Zimdars, a professor in media studies, thought so little of her own students that they should require her professional guidance to tell them that the The Onion is not a real news site. She also lists other satirical websites like Britain s Private Eye on her list. Less than two days after the article appeared, Zimdars removed Private Eye from the list (probably after getting an email from their legal department). Here we can see she has thrown a variety of people into one giant basket (of deplorables), thus branding everyone with the same derogatory label of  fake news  or its progenitor,  conspiracy theory. What s worse however, is that Merrimack College s Melissa Zimdars appears to have lifted her celebrated list from a wacky left-wing blog site who had haphazardly cobbled the original list together (no visible methodology as to the selection process) and which had been fermenting up online for quite some time, long before Dr Zimdars was elevated by the LA Times and CNN. Not exactly academic, but the culture cops don t seem to care.Regardless, one would hope that any conscientious professional would agree that Zimdars  effort, or lack thereof, was a foolhardy attempt at passing off a politically-motivated virtual book burning list as a study.  It would be unacceptable for any undergraduate, or graduate student, much less something submitted as course material by a professor. And, to think that her students would pay thousands of dollars in course fees for Dr. Zimdars to teach them how to surf the internet. Is the bar really that low? I can t help but wonder how many of those students also signed-up for Critical Thinking 101.Judging by the amount of right-wing websites on her list, it s clear this was a political hit piece. That was the intention of article author Jessica Roy, evidenced by the fact that she offered no specifics of why any of these sites were on the list, nor did she challenge Dr Zimdars. Whatever it was, it was not journalism.A few days later, after the article in question was published in the LA Times, the paper removed the PDF image of the list, stating  fears and threats  as the reason for its disappearance. Their editor issued this statement: The professor who created the list has taken down the Google doc. She said it was a safety measure in response to threats and harassment she and her students and colleagues had received. She is continuing to work on it and plans to release it in the future in a format other than a Google doc. It s hard to keep up with Dr Zimdars  definitive guide to the internet because she has revised and changed so many times. Here is a version from January 2017:2017-DR ZIMDARS   False, Misleading, Clickbait-y, and Satirical  News  Sources   Google DocsSoon after, I contacted the LA Times, asking their editorial board for the right to reply in my own defense in their opinion section, citing my belief that Roy and Zimdars had created a politicized piece which was hardly fair and balanced, and was designed to slander and discredit all of the websites on their list. I finally received a reply from Larry Ingrassia at the LA Times. The paper s excuse for denying me a right of reply was weak and evasive. Ingrassia stated to me that:Ingrassia s claim that my website is not mentioned in the article was not true.  In fact, 21stCenturyWire.com appeared at the very top of the list in the database table image of Zimdars  list in the article. Just because it wasn t in the text of the article doesn t mean it wasn t still visible to millions of readers. Likewise, just because the LA Times had later removed the database table image from the article, and replaced it with a hyperlink to Zimdars  Google Doc, is no excuse either   because the list was up on the LA Times website, and was widely syndicated during that time.As it happened, I did email Dr Zimdars immediately after seeing Jessica Roy s LA Times article asking her why she had included my website on her list, and to cite any specific news articles which she thought were  fake  or  conspiracy  and asked her to please remove 21stCenturyWire.com from her list. Not surprisingly, she did not reply to my request. Perhaps she realized that every one of the thousands of articles on our website contain either secondary, or primary source, and include more reference links than you will find on most mainstream media reports. For an academic who purports to hold so many persons and their websites accountable for being  fake news    when confronted about her work, she acts aloof and completely unaccountable. This further proves the point that this was not a study, but rather an activist campaign, done on the Merrimack College s dime.My experience with the LA Times was a disappointing one   seeing a paper running with a cheap politicized hit piece, and then being dismissive when asked for equal time on the issue. Such is the state of many leading American media institutions. If this is what passes for the Fourth Estate in today s America, then the country is in deep trouble.Mainstream TrollingA few days later, I was then contacted by one of the US mainstream media most established investigative news programs, NBC Dateline. It was clear from their correspondence that they wanted to draw me into another fake news hit piece. This is one of NBC Dateline s email to me:If was bad enough to be slandered by a major national news outlet, now I was being trolled by the country s largest broadcast TV network?My reply to NBC s Calabrese was long but polite, and at the end I simply asked her for specifics   in other words, what exactly were these  unconfirmed reports  she was accusing 21st Century Wire of publishing? As a reporter for a major outlet like NBC, I should rightly assume that she might be able to provide me with some substance, and not just an ad hominem accusation. Here is part of my reply: Our content is not  fake  and anyone with a basic understanding of geopolitics and media should be able to tell that. Many people like our work, and many I am sure do not like it. But the content should speak for itself. If you find some articles on our site that you feel are  Click Bait-y  or  fake news    then let me know and I would be more than happy to help and discuss your findings. Just like with Dr. Zimdars, I received no reply from NBC. This led me to conclude that they were not at all interested in having a candid discussion about the state of the media today, a discussion I offered to have. But NBC wasn t looking for a real conversation on media. Maybe they were just looking for an easy mark, someone to set-up and frame in a expos  on the scourge of  fake news.  Another drive-by, hit-and-run piece.This wasn t the first time. We ve had similar approaches before by the BBC and others, sometimes through a third party, and always looking to draw us into one of their discomfiting  conspiracy  features on their network.Whatever it is that NBC thought we did that warranted an NBC Dateline hit piece, surely it can t be any worse than NBC s disgraced anchorman Brian Williams, now widely regarded as a serial liar. If you expected the company would want to preserve some integrity by letting him go after that embarrassment, you d be wrong. The same with CNN, after it was revealed how many of their staff were colluding with the Clinton campaign. Was anyone fired? The only person they let go was Donna Brazile, who was only a contributor and not a real member of staff.This begs the question: are big mainstream media outlets really capable of policing themselves? The answer to that question might tell us why the mainstream media have a 14% approval rating according to a recent Gallop poll.Take the big network s Syria coverage for instance. What about its ridiculous coverage of the 7 year old human agit-prop Twitter sensation, Bana of Aleppo? What about NBC getting its reports exclusively from Nusra Front (al Qaeda in Syria) occupied East Aleppo, and then spreading exaggerated false claims of  a complete meltdown of humanity  when in reality the terrorist-held part of the city was being liberated by the Syrian government? Unlike NBC, a billion dollar media operation, little 21WIRE actually had journalists like Vanessa Beeley reporting from on the ground in Aleppo during this period. Unlike NBC, we were able to give our readers and listeners an accurate depiction of events   although maybe not the pro-terrorist, or  activist  version of events which the western mainstream media have relied on through six years of war in Syria, consistently and conveniently feeding the mainstream media what it wanted   a regime change  narrative which was streamlined with US State Department, CIA and British Foreign Office policy. Did it ever occur to them that someone should go and talk to Aleppo s residents? It did to us. We figured the terrorists already had plenty of media coverage, what with NBC, MSNBC, CNN, ABC, CBS, BBC, Channel 4, the New York Times, The Guardian and others all in tow.These mainstream outlets would never give any any credit to 21WIRE and Vanessa Beeley for its coverage in Syria, no matter good the reporting is   because we re not conveying the right  narrative, which is the Establishment s narrative. In that sense, we out-performed the entire mainstream media on one of the biggest stories of the last five years   the Liberation of Aleppo. Maybe that s why they are coming after us.Channelling McCarthy Clearly, the corporate mainstream media in America has attempted to blame Hillary Clinton s loss on  fake news.  Clinton herself called it  an epidemic.  Indeed, it is an epidemic, however the unwashed masses on the internet are not the source of that pandemic. They should be looking in the mirror   for colluding behind the scenes with the Clinton campaign, first to kill-off the Bernie Sanders nomination, before colluding in the general election, too, thus betraying the fundamental principles of a Fourth Estate. As bad as those outlets appear to be, they almost pale in comparison to this next incident On November 24, 2016, The Washington Post descended deep into the lower detritus of the DC swamp. This piece of propaganda was simply breathtaking. The journalist who drew the short straw for this job was none other than Craig Timberg, who is also a John S. Knight Journalism Fellow at Stanford University. It sounds impressive, until you see his work.In his feature entitled,  Russian propaganda effort helped spread  fake news  during election, Experts say,  Timberg placed The Post into a leading role in waging a new McCarthy-style witch hunt, targeting hundreds of independent websites and blogs, most of them American, accusing them of being part of a giant Russian conspiracy to undermine American democracy on behalf of the Kremlin. Experts say ? Did they really? Only, in this case, Timberg would name his  experts    a cadre of secret sources operating under the anonymous collective brand of PropOrNot. We re told that these patriots had to protect their identity for fear of retribution from Putin s equally secret army of hackers. What was this, other than a propaganda piece run by The Post, one which could just as easily be classed as actual  fake news. The flood of  fake news  this election season got support from a sophisticated Russian propaganda campaign that created and spread misleading articles online with the goal of punishing Democrat Hillary Clinton, helping Republican Donald Trump and undermining faith in American democracy, say independent researchers who tracked the operation,  wrote Timberg. Way back when, if a piece this bad managed to escape out into the public sphere, either the editor or the reporter would get the sack. No such luck here.Timberg s cloak and dagger source managed to slandered some 200 websites, including many well-established, popular  alternative news outlets like AntiWar.com, Counterpunch, Information Clearing House, OpEd News, Activist Post, Global Research.ca, Oriental Review, Truth-Out, Truth Dig, Zero Hedge, Consortium News (run by award-winning investigative journalist Robert Parry), Ron Paul Institute (headed by former US Congressman and Presidential candidate, Dr Ron Paul)) and Paul Craig Roberts (former Cabinet member under President Reagan), to name only a few from PropOrNot s list of alleged  Russian propaganda  collaborators, in an attempt to reverse engineer a virtual conspiracy   trying to link 200 popular alternative websites with a theoretical Russian plot. When you read the content on most of these websites, you can see a few common themes   nearly all of them were highly critical of U.S. foreign policy under the last three US Administrations of Clinton, Bush and Obama. Most were also critical of Hillary Clinton s chequered record as Obama s Secretary of State. They also challenged the prevailing anti-Russian party line in Washington. Here, The Washington Post is channelling the spirit of Joe McCarthy by promoting a  Blacklist of independent journalists and commentators. A political hit piece by The Post, that s all.Soon after the publication of Timberg s fictional feature, The Washington Post caved-in to pressure by critics, printing this retraction soon afterwards:Editor s Note: The Washington Post on Nov. 24 published a story on the work of four sets of researchers who have examined what they say are Russian propaganda efforts to undermine American democracy and interests. One of them was PropOrNot, a group that insists on public anonymity, which issued a report identifying more than 200 websites that, in its view, wittingly or unwittingly published or echoed Russian propaganda. A number of those sites have objected to being included on PropOrNot s list, and some of the sites, as well as others not on the list, have publicly challenged the group s methodology and conclusions. The Post, which did not name any of the sites, does not itself vouch for the validity of PropOrNot s findings regarding any individual media outlet, nor did the article purport to do so. Since publication of The Post s story, PropOrNot has removed some sites from its list.They must hold their readership in such utter contempt as to not care what people think about the paper. How sad. What kind of paper would run a gargantuan fake news story like that? Are they still a paper of record ?Here at 21WIRE, and unlike the Washington Post, we recognize that our readership is intelligent enough to spot what the LA Times and the Washington Post are serving up and calling news. Unlike the Washington Post, we are not trying to bury under endless column inches government-issued propaganda. Instead, we are trying to expose those lies of the mainstream s multibillion dollar consensus reality complex. Tune in, as each day this week we ll give you an original inside look into the inner workings of the mainstream media s fake news empire. Aside from showing you how to spot their lies, we ll also demonstrate how truly dangerous their propaganda mill truly is.By this time next week, we hope you ll be even a smarter media consumer. *** Author Patrick Henningsen is an international journalist and current affairs analyst, and executive editor of 21st Century Wire, as well as the host the SUNDAY WIRE radio show on Alternate Current Radio, and also host of Patrick Henningsen LIVE on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX AM in Phoenix. READ MORE ABOUT MSM FAKE NEWS AT: FAKE NEWS WEEKSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE NOW & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV ",0
23012,"Trump Asks O’Reilly, ‘Do you think our country is so innocent?’ After Pundit calls Putin ‘a killer’","21st Century Wire says Regardless of what one thinks of Donald Trump, it must be tempting for most people to admit that it is refreshing to see a US President admit that the US isn t as  innocent  as some pundits and consumers of mainstream news might think.In an interview aired before the Super Bowl, FOX News host Bill O Reilly challenged President Trump s comments about working with Russia in the fight against ISIS. In doing so O Reilly called Putin  a killer.  Trump shrugged off the comment by saying,  There are a lot of killers. We ve got a lot of killers. What, do you think our country is so innocent? RT reports further on the interview below RTSeemingly surprised, O Reilly goes on to ask him why. He is the leader of his country. I say it s better to get along with Russia than not, and if Russia helps us in the fight against ISIS   which is a major fight   and the Islamic terrorism all over the world, that s a good thing,  Trump answered. Will I get along with him? I have no idea. O Reilly then challenged Trump, calling the Russian president  a killer. Trump shrugged the comment off, saying:  There are a lot of killers. We ve got a lot of killers. What, do you think our country is so innocent? It is not the first time that Trump has made such comments when journalists question his stance regarding the Russian leader.At the end of 2015, the host of MSNBC s Morning Joe told Trump that Putin  kills journalists,  to which the unfazed then-presidential candidate replied,  I think that our country does plenty of killing, too, Joe. I ve always felt fine about Putin. He s a strong leader. He s a powerful leader,  Trump added.At the end of January, Putin and Trump held their first official phone call, which, according to the Kremlin, was  good and constructive. Over the past years, the lack of mutual respect became the main reason for the deterioration of relations,  Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov added.Another important thing is that Washington is prepared for dialogue, the spokesman concluded. This is what President Putin called for rather consistently but where unfortunately he did not see reciprocity over the past years,  Peskov said.Earlier in January, however, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov emphasized that the first meeting between Putin and Trump may  happen in months to come,  not  in a matter of weeks. Peskov also said,  it is maybe the biggest mistake on the part of Western analysts to think that Trump is  our man.  He is an American man. Former Deputy Speaker of the Belgian Parliament Lode Vanoost told RT that it is way too early to be overly optimistic about Trump. To me, he remains as unpredictable and unreliable as he was before. We didn t see the full interview yet, and the follow-up questions that came after this very astonishing remark. Basically, what Trump is doing is he is applying the same moral principles to the US as he applies to other countries. That is indeed without precedent in US political culture. Also, he expressed concern over forces that could interfere with Trump s mending ties with Russia Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23013,The Court Case Against the ‘Travel Ban’ Executive Order,"21st Century Wire says The legal battle is waging on over President Trump s Executive Order Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the US when on Saturday the Department of Justice requested a lift of the stay placed on enforcement of the Executive Order. The federal appeal court denied the DoJ s request, noting the the plaintiffs should first be given an opportunity to respond. Contrary to what many media outlets are saying, this was not a case of the courts saying that the order is  unconstitutional  as the ACLU and a number of Attorney Generals are claiming, but is standard practice in appeals cases.The Duran provides some further legal analysis on this developing case below  Alexander Mercouris The DuranThe legal moves and counter-moves in the court case concerning Donald Trump s  travel ban  Executive Order may appear complicated, but in reality they follow standard practice.  Since there are some misunderstandings in reporting them I will provide a brief explanation.The federal judge in Seattle on Friday did not rule that the Executive Order is unconstitutional or illegal.  Rather he ordered a temporary two week stay on the enforcement of the Executive Order until this question of its legality is decided in further argument before him in two weeks time.In doing so the judge acted fully within his powers, though as I understand it he took a different view from a different federal judge in Massachusetts who apparently refused to grant a similar stay when he was asked to do so at roughly the same time that the judge in Seattle was making his decision.The Department of Justice is appealing the stay.  It is doing so on the grounds that the Executive Order is fully legal and constitutional and needs to be brought back into force immediately in order to protect the US from potential terrorists, who might take advantage of the stay to enter the US during the two week period when it is in effect.On Saturday the Department of Justice asked the federal appeal court in San Francisco (which will hear the appeal) to lift the stay.  The federal appeal court however refused to do so, saying that the plaintiffs who applied for the stay should be given an opportunity to respond.  It gave the plaintiffs until Sunday (ie. today) to file their objections to the Department of Justice s application to lift the stay, with the Department of Justice instructed to file its counter-objections on Monday (ie. tomorrow).Contrary to some media claims, this is completely standard practice during appeals.  It would be very unusual for an appeal court to set aside a judge s order   even a temporary order   without a full hearing, and the Department of Justice will undoubtedly have known this when it applied to the appeal court to have the stay lifted on Saturday.The reason the Department of Justice made the application on Saturday is because it wants to emphasise to the appeal court the urgency of the situation.  This is important, not just because of the danger of terrorists entering the US during the period of the stay, but because unless the appeal court is convinced of the urgency of the situation it will simply say that the Department of Justice should wait until the hearing ordered by the federal judge in Seattle in two weeks time.In other words by insisting that the stay be lifted immediately the Department of Justice is providing reasons to the appeal court to take the case out of the federal judge s hands, so that it can decide the case itself.  That was the true purpose of the application on Saturday, and it succeeded.I expect the appeal court in San Francisco to decide the appeal this week, possibly as soon as Tuesday or Wednesday.As I am not an expert in US constitutional law I do not know what the outcome of the appeal will be.  I should say that it would be completely wrong to try to guess the outcome from the decision the appeal court took on Saturday.The appeal will be purely on the question of the rightness or otherwise of the stay.  If the appeal decision goes against the President it will be for the Department of Justice to put his case to the federal judge at the full hearing in two weeks time.  If that decision also goes against the President, he can appeal again to the federal appeal court in San Francisco, and beyond that to the Supreme Court.By contrast if the Department of Justice wins the appeal this week then I would expect the plaintiffs to drop the case in Seattle and try to go directly to the Supreme Court.  Since the appeal court would have effectively affirmed the legality of the Executive Order, there would be little point in the plaintiffs continuing to contest the Executive Order before the federal judge in Seattle Continue this report at The DuranREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23014,"Uber, Google, Twitter, Netflix and Other Tech Giants File ‘Unlawful’ Immigration Retort Against Trump","21st Century Wire says A group of top Silicon Valley tech companies have filed a rare legal brief stating Trump Administration s Executive Order on immigration is discriminatory and  departs dramatically from the principles that have governed our immigration law for decades. This legal filing follows the report Friday when a Federal Judge issued a temporarily restraining order blocking US Border Patrol, Customs and Immigration Services from enforcing President Trump s recent executive order, which bars entry to the U.S. to anyone coming from seven  majority Muslim  countries.This story and the leaked text of the legal challenge was a Washington Post exclusive on Sunday . Elizabeth Dwoskin Washington PostSilicon Valley is stepping up its confrontation with the Trump administration.On Sunday night, Google, Facebook, Uber, Twitter, Netflix and other prominent tech companies are planning to file legal brief opposing the administration s contentious entry ban, according to people familiar with the matter.The amicus brief is expected to be filed with the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit, which is expected to rule within a few days on an appeal by the administration after a federal judge in Seattle issued late Friday a temporary restraining order putting the entry ban on hold. The brief comes at the end of a week of nationwide protests against the plan   as well as a flurry of activity in Silicon Valley, a region that sees immigration as central to its identity as an innovation hub.Companies backing the filing also include Pinterest, Yelp, Square, Reddit, Kickstarter, Github, Glassdoor, Box, Mozilla, Dropbox, Twilio, Zynga, Medium, Pinterest, and Salesforce, according to the sources, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the filing was still being finalized Sunday.Notably, it doesn t appear that Apple, Amazon, or Microsoft are party to the brief. The sources cautioned that the wording of the brief   and the participants   could still change before the filing is made Sunday night.A draft of the filing says that the entry ban, which barred individuals from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the U.S. for at least 90 days and suspended the U.S. refugee program, is discriminatory. The Order effects a sudden, seismic shift in the rules governing entry into the United States, and it departs dramatically from the principles that have governed our immigration law for decades,  a draft obtained by The Washington Post reads.  The Order discriminates on the basis of national origin and religion. It closes our borders to the world s most vulnerable people, such as those fleeing the devastation of war. And it establishes discretionary and arbitrary rules for admission to this country, even by immigrants who have lived here lawfully for years. Continue this story at the Washington PostREAD MORE IMMIGRATION BAN NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Immigration Files",0
23015,"Episode #172 – SUNDAY WIRE: ‘Trumpe Le Monde’ with guests Trog Lodyte, Sarah Abed"," Episode #172 of SUNDAY WIRE SHOW resumes this February 5, 2017 as host Patrick Henningsen brings you this week s 3 HOUR special LIVE broadcast on the Alternate Current Radio Network LISTEN LIVE ON THIS PAGE AT THE FOLLOWING SCHEDULED SHOW TIMES:LIVE BROADCAST TIMING: 5pm-8pm UK Time | 12pm-3pm ET (US) | 9am-12am PT (US)  This week s edition of THE SUNDAY WIRE is a very special LIVE broadcasting connecting North America and Europe this week, as host Patrick Henningsen covers the top stories in the US and internationally. In the first hour, we ll look at act one of Trump s foreign policy performance circus, as the NeoCons surround the new Don of Pennsylvania Ave, resuming Cheney & Bolton s Iran doctrine, as well as a continuation of Obama s dysfunctional Ukraine policy, and so much more. Later in hour one, we ll meet with our first guest, Syrian-American commentator Sarah Abed  to discuss the shifting state of affairs in Syria and initial signs of Trump s masterplan to defeat ISIS. In the second hour, we try to channel Trump with special guest, Trog Lodyte, co-host of Liberty s Thunder every Sunday Evening on BlogTalk Radio, as we attempt to visualize the new American political landscape, and distill the essence of the country s political transformation, and what this new President means to modern politics in America. In the final hour of Overdrive, we ll tie up loose ends from this past week s break-neck news cycle, and announce 21WIRE s first annual  Fake News Week marathon coming this week. Hold, it s going to be a wild ride SHOUT POLL: Is Obama s Legacy more, or less war in the world?   SUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TVDONATE TO 21WIRE HEREStrap yourselves in and lower the blast shield   this is your brave new world  *NOTE: THIS EPISODE MAY CONTAIN STRONG LANGUAGE AND MATURE THEMES*Listen to  Episode #172   Sunday Wire:  Trumpe Le Monde  with guests Trog Lodyte, Sarah Abed  on Spreaker.Download Episode #172 HERE// <![CDATA[ broadstreet.zone(46707); // ]]&gt;Sunday Wire Radio Show Archives   ",0
23016,Washington State Judge Issues Temporarily Block on Trump’s Immigration Ban Nationwide,"21st Century Wire says On Friday a US federal judge in Seattle ordered a temporary nationwide block on U.S. President Donald Trump s 7 nation immigration ban. As expected, the White House labeled the legal ruling outrageous  and promised the White House intends to file an emergency stay .Judge James Robart, appointed by former President George W. Bush in 2003, ruled on the President s executive order on immigration and US Customs and Border Protection has already alerted major airlines that the United States will start reinstating previously banned visas.The war of words between the Administration and the members of the judiciary has been stark.  The answer is none,  Judge Robart said.  You re here arguing we have to protect from these individuals from these countries, and there s no support for that.  The new lawsuit seeks to permanently block parts of Trump s recent executive order which suspend entry to US from 7  Muslim-majority  countries which include Iraq, Iran, Syria, Yemen, Sudan, Libya and Somalia.The complaint states that,  The executive order effectively mandates that the states engage in discrimination based on national origin and/or religion, thereby rescinding the states  historic protection of civil rights and religious freedom,  , calling it a violation of the U.S. Constitution.The US Department of Justice is expected to file the emergency stay on Saturday in defiance of Friday s ruling.Washington state s Attorney General, Bob Ferguson, issued a stark challenge to President Trump, saying, This decision shuts down the executive order right now. No one is above the law   not even the President . It s our president s duty to honor this ruling and I ll make sure he does,  added Ferguson.It is estimated that some 60,000 people from the affected countries had their visas cancelled.READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump Files",0
23017,Trump Administration Faces Flood of Lawsuits Over Executive Immigration Ban,"21st Century Wire says President Trump s Executive Order: Protecting the Nation From Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the US, is under fire in the American legal system. The American Civil Liberties Union and multiple US State Attorney Generals are filing law suits against the Federal Government  lots of law suits.US District Court Judge, James Robart, issued a temporary restraining order against enforcement of the Trump Executive Order calling it un-lawful,   un-American  and  un-constitutional.  The White House has replied by saying that they believe the order is just and within the presidents constitutional authority and that at the earliest possible time the Department of Justice will file for a stay of the order.Are we about to see a legal battle to dwarf all legal battles? Do the ACLU and the agitated Attorney Generals have any legal feet to stand on a opposing Trump s Executive Order?RT reports below with more analysis on this situation  RTThe State Department, since being notified by the Justice Department of the ruling from the US District Court for the Western District of Washington, has been in contact with the Homeland Security Department and legal teams to coordinate operations, according to Reuters.Customs and Border Protection officials said they would reinstate visas in compliance with the order. At the earliest possible time, the Department of Justice intends to file an emergency stay of this order and defend the executive order of the President, which we believe is lawful and appropriate,  the White House said in a statement.  The president s order is intended to protect the homeland and he has the constitutional authority and responsibility to protect the American people. In response, the DOJ will not file an emergency stay request of the order Friday night, a spokesperson said, Reuters reported.Last Friday, Trump issued an executive order that banned citizens from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from entering the US. The rollout of the executive order caused mass confusion, deportations and protests. By Saturday, the lawsuits had begun, with at least 40 active lawsuits in 17 states.At the state level, Virginia, Washington, Minnesota, New York and Massachusetts have filed cases against the federal government. The attorneys general of 16 states and the District of Columbia issued a joint statement earlier this week calling the executive order  unconstitutional, un-American and unlawful. After 2 weeks in office, President Trump faces 50+ lawsuits, far more than his predecessors faced in that span https://t.co/NXMetwCLnj pic.twitter.com/2kERF2n7Ga  NPR (@NPR) February 3, 2017In California, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) filed a lawsuit that seeks class-action status, which New York and Massachusetts have joined. There are individual lawsuits in Georgia, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Texas and elsewhere, NBC News reported. The lawsuits claim violations of the First, Fifth and Fourteenth Amendments, which guarantee religious equality, due process and equal protection under the law, as well as denials of asylum and discriminatory visa processing. We re being sued right now in 10 different courts. We re going to be sued tomorrow in 20 different courts, Erez Reuveni from the Justice Department s Office of Immigration Litigation told a Virginia judge on Friday.On Friday afternoon, a US District Court judge in Washington state ruled that the combined cases put forward by Washington and Minnesota provided evidence that the executive order has caused immediate harm. Judge James Robart also said that the lawsuit has substantial likelihood of success in challenging the constitutionality of the order, the Seattle Times reported.Robart asks DOJ's Bennett how many arrests of foreign nationals there have been from the 7 countries since 9/11. She says she doesn't know.  Sydney Brownstone (@sydbrownstone) February 3, 2017 The Constitution prevailed today, Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson said in a statement. No one is above the law   not even the President. On Monday, Ferguson became the first state attorney general to file a lawsuit against Trump, the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and high-ranking Trump administration officials; on Wednesday, Minnesota joined the suit as a plaintiff. In their complaint, the states argued that the executive order was motivated by animus and a desire to harm a particular group, and that the discriminatory terms and application of the Executive Order are arbitrary and cannot be justified by federal interests. As such, the order is unconstitutional and violated the visa-holders  rights, they said.Robart s restraining order covers the whole country for at least two weeks until the preliminary injunction hearing, The Stranger reported. It also stops the government from enforcing the part of the ban that grants exemptions to non-Muslim refugees on the basis of their religion.Even @AGOWA Bob Ferguson seemed stunned at breadth of victory. ""Holy cow.. OK"" he said to colleagues following ruling #ImmigrationOrder  Jim Brunner (@Jim_Brunner) February 3, 2017Earlier on Friday, US District Court Judge Leonie M. Brinkema expanded and extended her order staying the enforcement of the travel restrictions in Virginia. She also allowed the commonwealth to join the lawsuit by Tareq and Ammar Aqel Mohammed Aziz, Yemeni brothers who are permanent legal residents and who were turned back at Dulles International Airport on Saturday. The two men said they were forced to sign forms giving up their status as lawful permanent residents against their will and without their knowledge or consent, according to court documents.Brinkema noted that, although the president has almost unfettered power when it comes to securing US borders, this is not  no limit. Sha also had harsh words for the executive order, which she said was was poorly planned and rolled out. It s quite clear that not all the thought went into it that should have gone into it, she said. There has been chaos   without any kind of actual hard evidence that there is a need to revoke visas that had already been granted.Virginia Attorney General Mark Herring praised the ruling outside the Alexandria courthouse, according to the Washington Post, saying he was really pleased the judge recognized real harm is happening in Virginia. Brinkema did not hold government officials in contempt for reportedly preventing immigrants access to lawyers, a violation of her previous order. She told the court that she didn t have enough information to make the contempt determination, even though Virginia had cited news reports and affidavits from lawmakers that US Customs and Border Patrol agents had not allowed attorneys access to the visa holders. There were so many lawyers there willing to help, and not a single one got access, Virginia Solicitor General Stuart Raphael said during the hearing.Brinkema also required that, by Thursday, the federal government provide Virginia with a list of all people with valid visas who were denied entry or removed from the US who had Virginia ties since the order was signed. At least 350 students at state universities, as well as professors and other employees, were affected by the executive order, Virginia officials said.On Thursday, the ACLU filed a lawsuit in a California federal district court, accusing the Trump administration of violating the religious freedom of those visa holders who were barred from entering the country. It proposes class-action status on behalf of nationals who are living or have lived in the United States and are from the seven countries listed in the executive order. Senior advisers to defendant Trump have engaged in anti-Muslim rhetoric that provides additional support for the notion that the executive order was prompted by animus toward Islam and Muslims, the suit said.New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman and Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey announced Tuesday that they would join lawsuits filed by the ACLU chapters in their respective states. As I ve made clear: President Trump s executive action is unconstitutional, unlawful, and fundamentally un-American, Schneiderman said in a statement. That is why my office will be filing to join the federal lawsuit against President Trump and his administration. I m proud to partner with these organizations to fight to permanently strike down this dangerous and discriminatory order. Although the Bay State has joined in the ACLU s lawsuit, Massachusetts state attorneys were in court seeking an extension to the seven-day restraining order against Trump s travel ban that was originally granted there on Sunday. US District Judge Nathaniel Gorton did not issue an extension, but is reviewing arguments and will rule by Sunday.However, Robart s nationwide restraining order provides coverage in case Gorton s ruling does not extend the local stay.I don't wake up every day looking for a way to sue Donald Trump. But we are 10 days in and I've filed three cases already.  Maura Healey (@maura_healey) January 31, 2017 If an Executive Order looks like a Muslim ban, acts like a Muslim ban, and has been talked about as a Muslim ban, then it s probably a Muslim ban, Friday s complaint read.The initial lawsuit in the commonwealth was filed Sunday on behalf of two state university professors from Iran with green cards who were detained at Boston s Logan Airport on their way back from an academic conference. An amended complaint added six new plaintiffs, including several non-citizens legally in the US who are afraid they will be unable to return if they leave the country, WHDH reported.Indeed, visas for two of the plaintiffs   a doctoral student at the University of Massachusetts with family in Iran and a businesswoman who often travels to the US   have already been revoked, meaning they will not be allowed to return to the country if they leave, said Joshua Press, an attorney with the Department of Justice, according to the Boston Herald.In Virginia on Friday, Reuveni said in court that 100,000 visas had been revoked as a result of the executive order. The number 100,000 sucked the air out of my lungs, Simon Sandoval-Moshenberg of the Legal Aid Justice Center, who represents the Aziz brothers, told the Washington Post.However, the State Department later said the number was actually less than 60,000. The US government issues about 90,000 visas a year to people from the seven restricted countries. Some of those visas last longer than one year, so the overall number of people from the seven countries in the US is much higher.Reuveni also argued that, since Sunday, green-card holders no longer face any enhanced scrutiny when entering the country. However, other legal visa holders already in the US have had their visas revoked, and so will not be able to return if they leave, Virginia Elliott, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Consular Affairs at the State Department, told the Washington Post.On Sunday, DHS issued a blanket waiver for lawful permanent residents, ditching the case-by-case waivers that had been in operation prior. On Thursday, White House Counsel Don McGahn issued what he called  authoritative guidance  that green-card holders were not covered under Trump s executive order.What the government says is happening and what volunteers at airports are experiencing are not the same thing, however.Although immigration attorneys are legally allowed to give face-to-face legal counsel to permanent residents still in the secured area of airports, that s not what s happening in practice. Despite Brinkema s previous ruling, immigration attorneys at Dulles International Airport in Virginia aren t allowed into the secure area to talk to visa holders. Instead, they wait until people exit into the main part of the airport.Proud to work with the great group of volunteer attorneys @DullesJustice pic.twitter.com/cet86qpHfm  Christine B (@cdbachy) February 1, 2017 When people come through the international arrivals, we line that area, and lawyers are trying to get all the information they can from people coming through arrivals, Molly Hartshorn, a volunteer with Dulles Justice Coalition, told RT. There s a great wall of attorneys asking people,  How was Customs? Did you see anything strange?  Did anything get handed out on the airplane that was strange? Did they make you sign anything? Even on Tuesday, after the ruling, lawyers were still only gaining information from arriving passengers who were allowed to enter the US, Sirine Shebaya, a volunteer lawyer, told Vox. Although returning green-card holders were being allowed in the country after extensive screening, first-time lawful permanent residents were still being turned away.A beautiful crew of folks who fed us and stood with signs to support all those coming in from customs. pic.twitter.com/dVyfatXS61  Justin Eisele (@Jteisele) February 2, 2017Customs and Border Patrol agents refused to talk to Shebaya or Azadeh Erfani, who works with the Capital Area Immigrants  Rights Coalition, according to Vox. That doesn t mean that the CBP employees agree with the executive order, however. Asylum law requires CBP officers to affirmatively ask if an applicant fears return when placing them into expedited removal, an immigration official told The Intercept. By pressuring them to simply get on a plane without going into formal removal proceedings, they are violating our obligations under the refugee convention. We are violating international law. Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23018,Boiler Room #95 – Weapons of Mass Penetration,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki host of The Nameless Podcast, Jay Dyer Jay s Analysis, Stewart Howe and ACR regular InfidelPharaoh for the 94th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the ACR brain-trust. Tonight the gang is discussing the myriad of Trump Protests, Anti-fa violence against pro-Trump supporters, weapons of mass migration and the travel ban executive order.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Direct Download Episode #95Reference Links:",0
23019,"Potential Shift: Trump Warns Israel, ‘New Settlements May Not Help Peace in Middle East’","21st Century Wire says Incredibly, Donald Trump may have just thrown an executive head fake to Bibi Netanyahu.Back in December 2015 during the GOP primary campaign,the Israeli Lobby started getting very interested in Trump after he appeared to blame Israel for not securing a lasting peace agreement with the Palestinians. You could hear a pin drop in the debate hall when Trump opined: I have a real question as to whether or not both sides want to make it,  Trump said, before explaining that his concerns predominantly reside with  one side in particular [Israel]. Months later, and only days before the Republican Party s National Convention in Cleveland, Ohio, Trump abandoned any pretence of  neutrality  on the Israel-Palestine issue, insisting that he was now firmly committed  to supporting Israeli settlement expansion in the illegal occupied territories, as well as not recognizing a Palestinian State.At the time this was music to Netanyahu s ears, and even better for the US-based Israel Lobby who spend hundreds of millions of dollars a year to buy-off US Congressmen and Senators in for for Israel to get everything it wants and desires.And then this happened this week By Abby Phillip and Karen DeYoung Washington PostThe White House on Thursday gently warned Israel that new or expanded settlements in the West Bank  may not be helpful  in achieving a Middle East peace, while insisting it has no  official position on settlement activity. A statement issued by press secretary Sean Spicer said that although the administration does not believe settlements are  an impediment to peace, the construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal. The American desire for peace between the Israelis and the Palestinians has remained unchanged for 50 years,  Spicer s statement said, a reference to President Trump s insistence that a return to the Middle East negotiating table is a goal he hopes to achieve.While the statement carefully parsed it words, it marked a step away from what some Trump officials   and the president s designated new ambassador to Israel   have said in favor of settlements. Trump s first foreign call as president was to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and he has been sharply critical of former president Barack Obama, whom he characterized as weak on Israel.The apparent genesis of the statement was a story in Thursday s Jerusalem Post, which quoted an unnamed senior administration official telling Netanyahu s government to stop a spree of housing construction approved since Trump s inauguration, lest it interfere with Trump s plans to work toward a peace plan Continue this story at the Washington PostSEE ALSO: The Genealogy of Trump s U-Turn on PalestineREAD MORE ISRAEL NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Israel FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23020,"Dear America: Stop Supporting Terrorists in Syria, and Around the World","21st Century Wire says Since 2011 the United States government, led by President Barack Obama, has adopted an open policy of supporting an armed opposition in Syria. While certain officials have only recently admitted to arming and funding these militants, evidence shows that the support has been pouring in through both covert means and official channels from the onset of the conflict. We now know that those commonly referred to in the western media as  rebels  in Syria are comprised mainly of religious extremists and designated terrorists. Despite this revelation, the US, UK, France, along with Saudi Arabia, Qatar and others have continued to back them, and even go so far as to color them with political legitimacy   all in a grand effort to try and achieve regime change in Syria. It s not the first time either that Washington has pursued this same policy of destablization in order to overthrow a foreign government.President Donald Trump has an opportunity to reverse this backwards US policy. Will he capitalize on the opportunity to start anew, or will the US revert back to its old deep state default position? The passage of Hawaii Congresswomen Tulsi Gabbard s recently proposed piece of legislation entitled, Stop Arming Terrorists Act, would be positive move in that direction. Will President Trump champion her bill?The following is an open letter from writer Steven Sahiounie to the US Government To the Government of the United States of America:I am asking my American government to stop supporting terrorists in Syria. The US government, and media, keep calling them  moderate rebels , but they are not.  They were never moderate, and many are not rebels. By definition, a  rebel  is rebelling against their own government.  However, many of the US backed  rebels  are not Syrian, and have no family ties to Syria, and have never been a citizen of Syria. For example, how could a Chinese citizen fight in a rebellion against the American government?  By what right does a Chinese citizen have to kill and maim in order to change the US government?  It is wrong and makes no sense.I would never advocate, or support any armed attack, or rebellion against the American government. There are laws against murdering, raping, kidnapping and maiming people in USA.  The same such laws exist in Syria. How could a democracy and a world leader like USA advocate murdering, raping, kidnapping and maiming innocent Syrian people?From the out-set of violence and crimes in  Syria in  2011, the US backed  rebels  used sectarian slogans, and carries out sectarian attacks and massacres. Syria is a secular form of government, as is USA. Why would American leaders support the targeting of minorities in Syria, when the President of America is himself a minority? Why would the US government support the destruction on churches and mosques? American s value religious freedom, and equality of minorities; yet the US backed  Free Syrian Army  destroyed churches, targeted Christians, attacked Christian villages, as well as targeting Muslim minority sects with similar acts: such as Kessab, Ballouta, Mahardeh, and Maaloula among many others.The US government sent weapons, missiles, special training, equipment, food, medical supplies, communications, and satellite imagery to the Free Syrian Army from 2011 to 2016. Yet, the current exodus of evacuees from East Aleppo has not received even one loaf of bread from USA.  While the US backed FSA had many warehouses full of food and medicines they have left behind as they retreated deeper into East Aleppo. Finally, the  rebels  who agreed to vacate recently have burned all the medical supplies and food storages, which were the gifts of the American taxpayers, so as to prevent the distribution of those  supplies to the starving masses who have fled East Aleppo now.American citizens are currently very concerned about Syrian refugees coming to USA who may have had ties to terrorism.  The US backed  rebels  are exactly the type of people the American citizens should be afraid of as possible new neighbors, living in their midst as settled refugees.  They are the type of people who would chop off the head of their neighbor because his religion is not exactly the same as theirs.  They are the type of people who are willing to take money from a foreign government for the purpose of destroying their own community.  They are the type of people who do not value religious freedom, or minority rights. What would happen when the US backed  rebels , who may be settled in USA, decide to rebel against the American government? Will the US President and Congress call them  freedom fighters ? Or, perhaps America s enemies will fund and support their armed attacks on the US government and civilians?We should all be united in our plea: please stop supporting terrorism  in Syria, and around the world.Steven Sahiounie***21WIRE Special Contributor Steven Sahiounie is an American citizen born in Fresno, California.  He has been living permanently in Latakia, Syria, which was his father s original hometown.  Steven is a freelance journalist and University student studying English Literature.  READ MORE SYRIA NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Syria FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23021,"OPEN SOCIETY: Soros-backed, Anti-Trump Immigration Protests ‘Sprung from Nowhere’ at Airports Across America","21st Century Wire says This week a US presidential executive order temporarily restricted travelers and refugees from Syria, Iraq, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, and Yemen from entering America. In response to the controversial order, a wave of anti-Trump  flash mob  protests emerged seemingly out of nowhere at New York s JFK Airport and other airports across the nation. Welcome to the brave new world of digital activism, driven by some of the world wealthiest men   ENGINEERING CRISIS    George Soros tied to protests over Trump s recent executive order concerning immigration.  (Photo illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)While the airport angst appeared to be an organic effort to reject Trump s executive order on immigration, it was revealed that the heavily organized protests were found to be tied to social movement billionaire financier George Soros. Participating groups included the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), the National Immigration Law Center, the Urban Jusric Center, and  Make The Road  advocacy group, to name only a few   are all funded by Soros front organizations led by his Open Society Foundation.The airport protests erupted just a week after a string of multi-million dollar Soros-linked/Democratic Party-affiliated NGO s organized what was dubbed a  Women s March on Washington DC. The Soros-backed women s march  was full of Hollywood celebrities in addition to a bevy of other speakers that included Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards, activist Gloria Steinem, filmmaker Michael Moore, as well as the convicted felon Donna Hylton, who took part in kidnapping and torturing a 62-year-old real-estate broker named Thomas Vigliarole, in a botched ransom plot from 1985.The recent airport protests and mainstream media reportage regarding the immigration based executive order prompted a response from President Donald Trump over the past 24 hours:Below will take a closer look at the main outline of the immigration based executive order, as another wave of Soros-backed political opposition has been triggered into action  (Image Source: abcnews.com)Here are the key provisions of the immigration order outlined by the Trump administration:Whether or not someone supports the new US immigration order, it is strange that the list does not include other countries linked to state-sponsored terror such as Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Pakistan. From a security standpoint, by leaving out these terrorist-linked and terrorist sponsor countries   Trump s executive order makes little sense.In a press release from February of 2016, The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) outlined travel orders similar to Trump s immigration EO based on the Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015. Here s a passage of the DHS release discussing travel restrictions concerning the exact countries included in the Trump order: The Department of Homeland Security today announced that it is continuing its implementation of the Visa Waiver Program Improvement and Terrorist Travel Prevention Act of 2015 with the addition of Libya, Somalia, and Yemen as three countries of concern, limiting Visa Waiver Program travel for certain individuals who have traveled to these countries. Pursuant to the Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security had sixty days to determine whether additional countries or areas of concern should be subject to the travel or dual nationality restrictions under the Act. After careful consideration, and in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Homeland Security has determined that Libya, Somalia, and Yemen be included as countries of concern, specifically for individuals who have traveled to these countries since March 1, 2011. At this time, the restriction on Visa Waiver Program travel will not apply to dual nationals of these three countries. DHS continues to consult with the Department of State and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence to develop further criteria to determine whether other countries would be added to this list. Last month, the United States began implementing changes under the Act. The three additional countries designated today join Iran, Iraq, Sudan and Syria as countries subject to restrictions for Visa Waiver Program travel for certain individuals. Under the new law, the Secretary of Homeland Security may waive these restrictions if he determines that such a waiver is in the law enforcement or national security interests of the United States. Such waivers will be granted only on a case-by-case basis. As a general matter, categories of travelers who may be eligible for a waiver include individuals who traveled to these countries on behalf of international organizations, regional organizations, and sub-national governments on official duty; on behalf of a humanitarian NGO on official duty; or as a journalist for reporting purposes. Additionally, under the Obama administration, during the Syrian refugee resettlement program US entrance for Iraqi refugees was halted for 6 months in 2011.Interestingly, several Soros-linked organizations led the charge following the detention of immigrant travelers at airports in America over this past weekend. The ACLU, and the immigration-advocacy group Make The Road, both Soros linked entities, were heavily involved in organizing political opposition concerning the Trump immigration order.In 2014, it was disclosed that George Soros s Open Society Foundations granted $50 million dollars to the ACLU. Additionally, a law suit filed by ACLU associated lawyers and The National Immigration Law Center led to a stay of President Trump s executive orders over the past 48 hours.Breitbart recently reported that the  The National Immigration Law Center has received numerous Open Society grants earmarked for general support. RT reported the following on January 30th: Three more federal judges, along with a district judge, have issued rulings barring authorities from deporting people detained at US airports following President Donald Trump s executive order restricting entry to travelers from seven countries with Muslim-majorities. Whether in the flesh, social media or through mainstream TV, the populace is subject to various forms of hyperreal propaganda around the global   in many ways this is being used to push certain political regime changes and party objectives through the use of deceptive color revolutions and their many incarnations.In a book from 2011 written by Susanne Elizabeth Shawyer entitled  Radical Street Theatre and the Yippie Legacy: A Performance History of the Youth International Party, 1967 1968,  we gain a clearer perspective of the term  Smart Mobs   and the nature of these cross-platform gatherings: The potential for ideological uses of flash mobs soon became clear by autumn 2003. Because of its original apolitical nature and network organization, the flash mob was easily appropriated for other means beyond random fun. Flash mobs were soon used for political or commercial end by those seeking to capitalize on the trendy cultural capital of flash mobs. Adding to that, Shawyer cites author social science critic Howard Rheingold, who penned a book entitled  Smart Mobs: The Next Social Revolution  in 2003 and continued to outline the nature of smart mobs: A smart mob may be composed of strangers who have no relationship to each other beyond their mutual connection to the network, yet this connection creates a virtual community and provides the opportunity for collective action. When looking at the smart mob phenomena concerning the recent anti-trump protests in America, we can see how a large block of people can become useful in spreading political or cultural memes.In addition, the blending of socially engineered political agitator mobs and color revolutions is becoming more and more imperceptible as any group-think meme can cause a sudden flash gathering for the cause of the day.Controversial filmmaker Michael Moore took to social media to rouse the masses, while acknowledging that the Soros-backed NGO MoveOn.org mobilized a protest directly outside of the White House . Debra Heine PJ MediaThe flurry of anguished news stories and protests surrounding President Trump s executive action temporarily suspending  immigrants and non-immigrants  from  countries of particular concern  appears to be part of a coordinated PR effort financed by left-wing billionaire George Soros.Rather than a complete  Muslim ban  as promised during the campaign, Trump s executive order contains moderate refugee restrictions, similar to those that have been implemented by President Obama. If reports are true that restrictions are being applied even to green-card holders, that is an unfortunate misapplication of the law that will likely soon be corrected.Protesters quickly materialized Saturday at JFK Airport, where some refugees were being temporarily detained.Who are these people? Make the Road  is a NY-based far-left non-profit funded in part by George Soros.According to Breitbart s Aaron Klein, the signatories to the lawsuit filed Saturday to block Trump s executive order included immigration lawyers from groups financed by Soros.At least one case quickly prompted a legal challenge as lawyers representing two Iraqi refugees held at Kennedy International Airport in New York filed a motion early Saturday seeking to have their clients released. They also filed a motion for class certification, in an effort to represent all refugees and other immigrants who they said were being unlawfully detained at ports of entry.The suit was filed by lawyers from the International Refugee Assistance Project, the National Immigration Law Center, the Jerome N. Frank Legal Services Organization at Yale Law School, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU), and the International Refugee Assistance Project (formerly Iraqi Refugee Assistance Project) at the Urban Justice Center.The ACLU is massively funded by Soros s Open Society Foundations, including with a $50 million grant in 2014.The National Immigration Law Center has received numerous Open Society grants earmarked for general support.The Urban Justice Center is also the recipient of an Open Society grant.Taryn Higashi, executive director of the Center s International Refugee Assistance Project, which is listed on the Trump lawsuit, currently serves on the Advisory Board of the International Migration Initiative of Soros s Open Society Foundations.Reportedly, open-borders advocate Soros has provided some $76 million for immigrant issues over the past decade, as Soros-funded immigrant rights groups  helped influence President Obama s immigration policy.PJ Media continues here..READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23022,"President Trump Fires Acting Attorney General, Sally Yates","21st Century Wire says In a press release from the Office of the Press Secretary, it was revealed today that acting Attorney General, Sally Yates, was relieved of duty after instructing Department of Justice lawyers not to defend Trump s executive order on travel bans. The Press Secretary release noted that Yates  betrayed the Department of Justice by refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States.  Trump took to Twitter and launched a pointed tweet saying that  The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct Yates will be replaced by Dana Boente, the US Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia, to hold the position of acting attorney general. In the press release Boente is quoted as saying,  I am honored to serve President Trump in this role until Senator Sessions is confirmed. I will defend and enforce the laws of our country to ensure that our people and our nation are protected. RT reports on this breaking story below: RTYates was relieved of her post Monday, just hours after news broke that she was instructing Department of Justice lawyers not to defend the executive order..@POTUS has named Dana Boente, US Attorney for the Eastern District of VA as Acting Attorney General.  Sally Yates has been relieved.  Sean Spicer (@PressSec) January 31, 2017Yates  betrayed the Department of Justice by refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States,  a press release from the Office of the Press Secretary read.Boente, an Obama appointee, was confirmed by the Senate to his previous US Attorney post. The Trump administration told reporters Monday evening that was good enough to allow him to sign Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) warrants authorizing surveillance of perceived foreign threats in the US.This is unprecedented, as Boente s Senate confirmation did not grant him FISA approval power. That authority is reserved to the US attorney general and deputy attorney general, who until now have been directly confirmed by the Senate to those posts. It remains to be seen if this move will face a legal challenge. I am honored to serve President Trump in this role until Senator Sessions is confirmed. I will defend and enforce the laws of our country to ensure that our people and our nation are protected,  Boente said as Acting Attorney General in the press release.URGENT: Acting AG tells DOJ lawyers not to defend #Trump travel ban order https://t.co/AWPRDFfvEm pic.twitter.com/8CRm4VBNgm  RT America (@RT_America) January 30, 2017 I am responsible for ensuring that the positions we take in court remain consistent with this institution s solemn obligation to always seek justice and stand for what is right, Yates wrote in a letter, according to the New York Times. At present, I am not convinced that the defense of the executive order is consistent with these responsibilities nor am I convinced that the executive order is lawful. Trump responded to Yates  move on Twitter, calling it an example of Democrats  obstruction for purely political reasons. The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 31, 2017Former Attorney General Eric Holder, who served under President Obama, tweeted support for Yates after her termination Sally Yates: person of integrity/attorney with great legal skill. Has served this nation with distinction. Her judgment should be trusted.  Eric Holder (@EricHolder) January 31, 2017Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23023,Trump Executive Order on Ethics Commitments Bans Lobbying for Executive Branch Employees,"21st Century Wire says Reactions around the world are mixed with regards to the first salvo of executive orders coming out of the Trump White House, but here s one that will likely have many readers nodding in agreement  even some reluctant agreement from the left, perhaps?On January 28th, President Trump signed the Executive Order on Ethics Commitments by Executive Branch Appointees. Will this executive order have some of the DC  swamp life  scrambling to tune up the ethics associated with political appointees and lobbying on Capital Hill? Has President Trump just put some gravitas behind his campaign promises to  drain the swamp ?Time will tell, but this could be a step in the right direction in curtailing some of the power that lobbyists can wield.RT has more in the report below: RTAs part of his promise to  drain the swamp  US President Donald Trump has signed an  ethics commitments  executive order restricting his administration officials from working as lobbyists after they leave government.The order bans his appointees from lobbying any government official for two years and the agency they worked in for five years. It also prevents them from ever lobbying the US on behalf of a foreign government or foreign political parties.The order is  solely enforceable by the United States by any legally available means.  Anyone found violating the ban could be barred from lobbying their former agency for up to another five years, on top of the five-year period covered by the order.The order also states that Trump, or his designee, may also grant  to any person a waiver of any of restrictions contained in the pledge. A huge focus of Trump s election campaign was his promise to tackle Washington insiders.  His pledge to  drain the swamp  became a hugely popular chant at his rallies. The executive order is an effort to deliver on those promises however it s far from certain that it will be effective.It s already common for former officials to find ways to use their influence without registering as lobbyists. Under the Lobbying Disclosure Act, former officials can avoid registering as lobbyists if they spend less than 20 percent of their time in meetings with government officials Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23024,Trump Supporters Attacked By Liberal Protesters: Taking Political Violence to New Level,"21st Century Wire says  Trump protests are getting out of hand, yet again. This time in Portland Oregon. Liberal progressive protesters have taken to the streets in opposition to the President s latest controversial executive order instituting a 7 nation travel ban. Lets see how it turned out:Protesters surrounded Trump supporters outside the Portland airport and bullhorned in their faces bumper sticker slogans like,  No Fear, No Hate!  and then  Peaceful Protest!  Anyone who s not seen the full video at this point might still think this was a protest and not a violent mob bordering on a riot.The extreme left protestors chased the Trump supporters into the Portland airport and things got ugly. One of the Trump supporters was sucker punched, which seems to be an escalation of violence among protesters, similar to the recent sucker punch of Alt-Right leader, Richard Spenser in Washington DC last week.As the man who was assaulted hit the ground the protestors gathered around him and proceeded to continue to taunt, chant and ridicule the injured Trump supporter. Phrases like,  That s how you talk to a Nazi! That s right!  were said by anti-Trump activists,  Your boy got knocked out!  and  Wooo! Hunt the Nazis! The victim of the assault, Grant Chisholm, 39 year old from Portland says that he was hit three times in the head with something metallic in the assault. They almost killed me tonight,  said Chisholm.Chisholm claims he dropped in and out of consciousness while other protesters attempted to kick him, according to a report at  Oregonlive.com, although this is not verifiable in the video footage.The extreme left has always claimed to be the  tolerant  and  accepting  of political identities, but look how they behave when they lose the election. Is this tolerance, acceptance of different views when their protests consist of violence, cowardly sucker punch assaults and hateful chants accusing anyone with a remotely conservative world view of being a Nazi?Watch the assault happen in the video below:. READ MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23025,SUNDAY SCREENING: Counter Intelligence – ‘The Strategy of Tension’,"21st Century Wire says Our weekly documentary film curated by the editorial team at 21WIRE.The following is Part 3 of a 5 part series which deals with the Deep State The Strategy of Tension examines the history of false flag operations used for war, propaganda and psychological operations or  psy-ops . Operation Northwoods and Operation Gladio are examples used to illustrate the nature of clandestine operation planning and execution; as well as shedding light on the intent and extent to which the National Security apparatus manipulates events and manufactures outcomes to suit its goals. This programme also looks at the issues that spin off from the history of false flag operations such as how conspiracy theories are used to discredit inquiry and investigative journalism; and also how the cultural preconditions around dismissing false flag operations serve to protect their continuation and  plausible deniability  Watch:. Run time: 55 min Writer and Director: Scott Noble Production: Metanoia FilmsSEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
23026,Episode 3 – DRIVE BY WIRE: ‘Under New Management’ with Patrick & Shawn," MEMBERS can join co-hosts Patrick Henningsen and Shawn Helton from 21WIRE for their brand new morning commute show  DRIVE BY WIRE  shown in full here at 21WIRE.TV A 45 minute extended stream of consciousness analysis of America s new President Trump, his policies, the DC Women s March, feminism, Madonna, Tony Montana, politically correct mobs, ISIS, and Insane John McCain and much more. It s going to be a wild ride (the next 4 years we mean) WATCH THIS EPISODE OF DRIVE BY WIRE HERE @ 21WIRE.TVSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23027,Is The Washington Post Waging a ‘Media War’ on President Trump?,"21st Century Wire says The leftist media machine and the Washington Post are going after President Trump again. Are Josh Rogin and the The Post waging a media war against President Trump?Trump said last Wednesday that he,  will absolutely do safe zones in Syria  for refugees fleeing violence. A statement certainly indicating that he supports humanitarian efforts to set up refugee camps for displaced Syrians. Amid concerns that this might mean an increased US/NATO military presence in the zone the The Post and mainstream media has taken the opportunity to take the comment and paint it as a military escalation before any details of said plan have been released. One must wonder, where was The Post s warning of escalation of violence and criticism of the Obama administration when the so-called  Rebel Fighters  where being funded, armed and trained by the Pentagon, CIA and US State Department? Lindsay Graham and John McCain pushed these policies very openly and were only criticized by independent journalists.In another example of The Post going after Trump with a broad smattering of deception, Josh Rogin released an article and report titled:  The State Department s entire senior administrative team just resigned  this week. That headline went viral among consumers of leftist media outlets and has made its way into the apparent media war against Trump talking points of the week.Conversely, Allegra Kirkland of Reuters reported, at the same time, that the  Entire State Department Management Team Fired By Trump Admin. How do we reconcile these polar opposite narrative reports from the right and left sides of mainstream media?Is that an accurate headline by Rogin? Did the  entire senior administrative team resign? Is Kirkland s headline accurate? Did Trump fire the entire State Department management team?The short answer to these questions appears to be, no.At most, eight employees left the State Department. Furthermore, it appears to be an outright falsehood to claim that any of them left in protest of a Trump presidency or that there is a mass exodus of crucial members of the State Department. It also seems that it is yet another falsehood to claim that they were fired by Trump s administration.Do these claims show an intentional misleading of the readers by both the right and leftist media giants, a gross misunderstanding of the transition process at the State Department or both?The Ron Paul Institute re-posted an analysis on this situation from WeMeantWell.com that is brings more facts to light. Compare what you read below with Josh Rogin s talking points for an interesting view into how the mainstream leftist media is spinning stories about the Trump administration.The Ron Paul Institute & WeMeantWell.com bring some perspective to the topic below: Ron Paul InstituteYesterday at the State Department five officials resigned or retired. Another one today.The media has gone near-insane, claiming State is crumbling in protest under the Trump administration. This is not true. What happened at State is very routine.Leaving the Department are head of the Management Bureau Pat Kennedy (above), Assistant Secretary of State for Administration Joyce Anne Barr, Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs Michele Bond, Ambassador Gentry O. Smith, director of the Office of Foreign Missions, arms control official Tom Countryman, and Victoria Nuland.Here s the story:  No one at the State Dept resigned in protest.  No one was formally fired.  Six people were transferred from or retired from political appointee positions. Technically those who did not retire can be considered to have  resigned,  but that is a routine HR/personnel term used, not some political statement. The six are career Foreign Service career personnel (FSOs) They previously left their FSO job to be appointed into political jobs and now have resigned those (or retired out of the State Department) to return to career FSO jobs. A circle. They are required to submit a letter of resignation as a matter of routine when a new president takes office.  As for perspective: only one Under Secretary of State (Alan Larson) stayed through the transition from Bill Clinton to George W. Bush. It is routine for senior officials to leave or be reassigned.  Several of the six are connected to the Clinton emails and/or Clinton s handling of Benghazi. One of these people, Pat Kennedy, played a significant role in both, as well as many other controversial issues during Clinton s term. Sources tell me that although officially Kennedy  retired,  he was more or less required to do so by the Trump administration.  I have no information on the others, whether they were asked to retire, or just part of a reshuffling of positions and will routinely be reassigned. Most likely the latter, as such reshuffling is very common as administrations change. As everywhere in the government, the new administration fills its own political appointee slots.  Some of the six will hit mandatory retirement age on January 31 anyway.  Reports that these people represent  senior management  at State confuse terms. Because of the odd way State is organized, four of the six work in the Management Bureau, M in State talk. Kennedy was the head of the Bureau. The four play varying roles and collectively are not the senior management of the State Department. Two work in other parts of the Department (Countryman and Nuland) and are more directly tied to policies likely to change under the new administration.  All six persons come from offices with a deep bench. It is highly unlikely that any of the work of the State Department will be impeded by any of these changes. Every office has a second, third, fourth, etc., person in charge who will step up pending formal replacements to be nominated and confirmed. This is all part of the standard transition process.  As an example, I worked in the Bureau of Consular Affairs for most of my 24 years at State, including working with/for Michele Bond, one of the resignees. I personally know the people in the next rank below her, and all have equal experience and tenure as Bond. There will be no gap in experience or knowledge as some press reports have fretted. There will be no void. A slightly more dire, but responsible take, here.  There will very likely be more, similar,  resignations  and reshuffling at State. New political appointees will bring in their own staff, for example. But unless and until an employee holds a press conference to announce s/he is resigning out of protest, the media should take care to calm down, verify facts, and report accurately.  The Washington Post stated these changes were part of an  ongoing mass exodus of senior Foreign Service officers who don t want to stick around for the Trump era.  I am not aware of any other noteworthy departures (two lesser officials left earlier this month in circumstances not clearly connected to Trump) and as stated above, the six did not resign in protest. Regardless, eight people in any context do not constitute a mass exodus.  The Post article is, in my opinion, grossly alarming. It reflects a reporter apparently unfamiliar with transitions Continue this report at The Ron Paul InstituteREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23028,#FakeNews Made By Mainstream Media,"21st Century Wire says There is no greater source of so-called  fake news  than the corporate mainstream media, particularly those outlets in the US. On a recent SUNDAY WIRE show, host Patrick Henningsen talks about US Mainstream Media fakery which has taken over Washington DC, exposing the litany of lies and disinformation being cranked-out by TIME Magazine, CNN, NBC News, New York Times and the Washington Post. Listen:[soundcloud url= https://api.soundcloud.com/tracks/304139324  params= auto_play=false&hide_related=false&show_comments=true&show_user=true&show_reposts=false&visual=true  width= 100%  height= 450  iframe= true  /] . READ MORE MSM FAKERY AT: 21st Century Wire MSM FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23029,Boiler Room #94 – President Trump & The Great Neo-Liberal Freakout of 2017,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Andy Nowicki host of The Nameless Podcast, Jay Dyer Jay s Analysis, Stewart Howe and ACR regular InfidelPharaoh for the 94th episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the ACR brain-trust.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Listen to  Boiler Room   Episode #94  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
23030,EP #11: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Top Trump Trends for 2017’ with guest Gerald Celente,"Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 11 This week we ll cover some of this week s headline stories including Trump s ascendency to the White House, and what s happened in his first week at the Oval Office.In our main feature segment, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest Gerald Celente, best selling author and Director of the Trends Research Institute in New York, to discuss the real impact of the 2016 Election and America s new President Donald J. Trump. Listen Listen to  EP 11: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with Gerald Celente  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVESSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23031,Trump Revives Keystone and Dakota Access Pipelines,"21st Century Wire says Tuesday, President Donald Trump signed an executive action removing legal obstacles holding up the completion of the Dakota Access and Keystone XL pipelines. This story will certainly be a hot button for a lot of people. Reactions will likely depend on one s perspective on Trump, understanding of land issues, thoughts on cultural preservation, energy, US jobs, water quality and ecological harmony.With Progressive Leftwing attacks in full overdrive, post Trump s inauguration, many people are looking to the Trump administration to either confirm their worst fears or their greatest hopes, with every move he makes. But remember, Trump s  Art of the Deal,  is in play now and things may not always be black/white or good/bad, as this administration performs their first set of actions setting the foundation for the next 4-8 years.Many following the issue are not taking into consideration that the pipeline is more than 90% complete when Obama put a hold on the completion of the DAPL via the US Army Corps of Engineers. Obama s move was hardly one of stopping development of this pipeline but was likely politically motivated.It is worth noting that they had previously approved all plans for the completion of the DAPL in June of 2016 and appears to have been put a hold on the completion in the wake of the elevated protests at the Standing Rock location and the US Presidential election.Regardless, both pipeline projects are divisive political hot potato issues   which have now fallen into the hands of Donald Trump. Expect Trump s reaction to generate renewed protests and opportunities for negative press.RT explores the topic further in the report below:RTPresident Donald Trump ordered the removal of obstacles to the construction of two major oil and gas pipelines, which the Obama administration had reluctantly blocked after protests from environmentalists and Native Americans.The construction will be  subject to terms and conditions to be negotiated by us,  Trump said, citing as an example the need for pipe components to be built in the US.Other presidential actions signed on Tuesday included expediting environmental reviews for critical infrastructure projects and streamlining the  extremely cumbersome  regulatory process for domestic manufacturing. The regulatory process in this country has become a tangled-up mess,  Trump said.Tuesday s actions weren t technically executive orders but presidential memoranda, an executive action ranked just below but with equal force. Unlike an executive order, a presidential memorandum does not have to be numbered, include a cost estimate, or cite the authority under which it is issued.White House spokesman Sean Spicer reminded reporters on Tuesday that the Dakota Access Pipeline is 93 percent complete. Trump intends to sit down with all the parties involved with the pipeline, including Native Americans, and negotiate the best deal that benefits everyone, Spicer said.The new administration wanted to start on the Keystone XL approval process as soon as possible, Spicer said.TrumpDAPLReactions Trump s decision was quickly condemned by environmentalists, Native American activists, the American Civil Liberties Union and a number of Democratic lawmakers. Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vermont) said the US  can t afford to build new pipelines that lock us into burning more fossil fuels  and vowed to do everything to stop both pipelines.A lawyer for the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe said the decision was made  hastily and irresponsibly.  The tribe said it intended to pursue legal action against Trump s order, adding that the pipeline posed a risk not just for their water supply but also for millions of Americans living downstream.One of the leading organizations in the Standing Rock protests, the Indigenous Environmental Network, called Trump s actions  insane and extreme, and nothing short of attacks on our ancestral homelands. Trump is portraying his true self by joining forces with the darkness of the Black Snake pipelines crossing across the culturally and environmentally rich landscape of the prairie lands of America,  the IEN said in a statement.The North Dakota Petroleum Council, representing the state s oil producers, hailed the presidential action as  a great step forward for energy security in America,  the organization s president Ron Ness told Reuters.Keystone XL is a shortcut proposed for the existing system that carries oil and gas from Alberta s shale fields in Canada to Steele City, Nebraska. The segment would have run through Montana, South Dakota and Nebraska. Despite being initially in favor of the pipeline, the Obama administration rejected it in November 2015, citing its  overinflated role in [US] political discourse. Obama likewise blocked the final stretch of the Dakota Access (DAPL) pipeline in December, after US military veterans joined Native Americans protesting the construction under Lake Oahe, the principal water source for the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in North Dakota. Most of the 1,172-mile-long pipeline from North Dakota s Bakken shale fields to Illinois has already been completed.Asked about #DakotaAccessPipeline & #Keystone, Spicer says #Trump's focus is jobs, the economy & using US resources https://t.co/m96ivKU6bR pic.twitter.com/10MSqpx5YL  RT America (@RT_America) January 23, 2017Both Trump and his nominee for Energy Secretary Rick Perry held shares in Energy Transfer Partners, the company building DAPL, but have since divested of them, according to their attorneys.Following media reports that Trump would revive the pipeline projects, shares of TransCanada, Energy Transfer Partners LP and Energy Transfer Equity LP went up 1.1 percent, 3.3 percent and 1.7 percent respectively, Bloomberg noted.Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23032,Tucker Carlson to Border Angels Founder: Why Shouldn’t Borders Be Protected?,"21st Century Wire says Why shouldn t borders be protected?  It is a fair question Tucker is asking Enrique Morones, founder of  Border Angels  (pro-immigration advocate group) in a recent discussion about President Trump s 10 point immigration plan.Morones was quick to call Trump s position on illegal immigration  racist  and  xenophobic  yet seemed to have no knowledge that the policies of Mexico are much more harsh with regard to illegal immigration. In Mexico illegal immigration is a felony, illegal immigrants can face deportations (based even on financial viability, physical and mental health) and up to 10 years in prison for repeat offenders. Tucker also points out that Mexico only allows 4% of their applicants clemency whereas the US grants 49% and Morones again seems completely unaware of the facts being presented.Certainly it is a sensitive topic that should be open for debate by all citizens but the critical thinkers out there are likely wondering  Are Morones and many of those on the left confusing the difference between enforcing legal US immigration policies and acts of hatred? Why does he not hold Mexico to the same standard as the US? Watch the interview below and you decide.https://youtu.be/K_llng4kFokREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump FilesSUPPORT OUR WORK BY SUBSCRIBING & BECOMING A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23033,Trump: The First President to Turn Postmodernism Against Itself,"Liberals still don t get it. Trump is the political Anti-Hero for the post pc era. Original painting artwork courtesy of Jason Liosatos.David Ernst The FederalistIf politics flows downwards from culture, then it was only a matter of time before a politician mastered the role. Love him or hate him, Donald Trump cracked that code.Tony Soprano, Walter White, and Frank Underwood are just a few recent examples of the enormously popular characters who have, each in their own way, stood in for the role of the complicated bad guy who fascinates millions of Americans.Antiheroes have long found homes in Westerns, gangster movies, and crime dramas, such as Al Pacino s portrayal of Miami drug kingpin Tony Montana in  Scarface.  Tony begins an epic decline and fall in the film with a nasty fight with his wife at an exclusive Miami country club. She publically humiliates him in front of a bunch of dumbstruck, WASPy, black-tie wearing, golf-playing white hairs by loudly accusing him of being a murderer, a drug dealer, and incapable of being a decent father.If Tony were a classic hero, this would have been the beginning of his moral reckoning and his search for repentance. But this is  Scarface,  and Tony is no hero, so he responds to his public exposure as a criminal in polite society by turning the mirror back on his audience and dressing them down: What you lookin  at? You all a bunch of f in  a holes. You know why? You don t have the guts to be what you wanna be. You need people like me. You need people like me so you can point your f in  fingers and say,  That s the bad guy.  So  what that make you? Good? You re not good. You just know how to hide, how to lie. Me, I don t have that problem. Me, I always tell the truth. Even when I lie. So say good night to the bad guy! Come on. The last time you gonna see a bad guy like this again, let me tell you.  Al Pacino plays Tony Montana in Scarface.A criminal s longing to be accepted by rich people who aren t criminals themselves isn t a new theme. Nevertheless, considering that Oliver Stone wrote the screenplay, Tony s rant is likely commentary about the hypocrisy of supposedly  respectable  people in cutthroat, capitalistic, Reagan-era America who are substantively no different than Tony is. All these well-to-do Miami types wouldn t be caught dead associating with someone like Tony, even though they know full well that the cocaine business is making them all rich, and many of them probably abuse his product.Thus, from Tony s perspective, what s the point of being decent when the people who supposedly model  decency  have none of it themselves? Wouldn t a sign of moral contrition to these people be a perverted mockery of moral contrition? Wouldn t it be degrading even for Tony?Tony isn t a hero or a villain: he s an antihero. You probably won t admit to rooting for him, but if you enjoyed watching him stick it to those (presumably) stuck-up hypocrites, then it s likely that you did. He s everything his wife said he was, sure, but at least he has the balls to be honest about it.Donald Trump, the Political AntiheroTrump replicated this scene in his inaugural address Friday, a  declaration of war  against  the establishment  whose  victories have not been your victories. Their triumphs have not been your triumphs. And while they celebrated in our nation s capital, there was little to celebrate for struggling families all across our land. He acted similarly in a jaw-dropping performance at the Al Smith Dinner just days before his election. With every hiss-inducing joke at Hillary Clinton s expense was an unsubtle middle finger to everyone else in attendance. Consider his opening remarks: And a special hello to all of you in this room who have known and loved me for many, many years. It s true. The politicians. They ve had me to their homes. They ve introduced me to their children. I ve become their best friends in many instances. They ve asked for my endorsement and they ve always wanted my money. And even called me really a dear, dear friend. But then suddenly, decided when I ran for president as a Republican, that I ve always been a no-good, rotten, disgusting scoundrel. And they totally forgot about me. In other words: even if I have been a no-good, rotten, disgusting scoundrel, what does that make you? At least I don t pretend to be decent; you people, on the other hand, have the gall to pretend that you re any better than I am. Let s dispense with the fiction that you would have treated me with any less contempt if I had bothered to live up to any of your standards of decency in the first place, and acknowledge that they have nothing to do with decency per se, and everything to do with power. Your presumption of any moral superiority is a willful, bald-faced lie, and I m going to keep calling you on that crap until it puts me in the White House.Many have argued that Trump is the product of political correctness (PC). This is true only in part. Rather, both PC and Trump s response to it are fruits of the postmodernism that has long ascended to the heights of our culture: the nihilism in the common presumption that all truth is relative, morality is subjective, and therefore all of our individually preferred  narratives  that give our lives meaning are equally true and worthy of validation. Tony tellingly lectures his audience,  I always tell the truth, even when I lie.  His character was a man ahead of his time.Postmodernism: Trying to Do Good Is a Waste of TimePostmodernism is the source of the emphasis that our culture puts on authenticity, and the scorn it directs towards phoniness. After all, if the only one true thing in the world is that all truth and morality are relative, then anyone who pretends otherwise is either an idiot or a fraud. Hence the contemporary appeal of the antihero, and the disappearance of the traditional hero.Heroes who stand for traditionally good things in a world where everything supposedly  good  has long been discredited are corny Dudley Do-Rights who are at best too stupid to know better. Antiheroes, by contrast, ingratiate themselves with their audiences for their gritty realism and their candor, no matter how bad they are.Frank Underwood breaks the fourth wall with his viewers and brings them along for his evil schemes; Walter White s moment of redemption is his final admission to his wife that he sells meth because he likes to, and not to do right by his family; and Tony Soprano establishes a close bond with his daughter early on when he admits to her that he s not actually a  waste management consultant.  In the postmodern world, there is no greater virtue then authenticity, and there is no greater vice then phoniness.Postmodernism is also the source of the assumptions underlying the glib jokes of late-night comedians who exhibit disdainful prejudice towards patriotism or religion, but show bitter judgment towards any form of perceived prejudice. It is the baseline for just about every plotline in funny shows about aimless, self-centered people like  Seinfeld,   It s Always Sunny in Philadelphia,  and  Archer.  It is hyper-prejudice against prejudice, or in the words of Evan Sayet,  a cult of non-discrimination. In contrast to the many religions, systems of moral thought, and other ancient traditions that have distinguished every effort to better the human condition, postmodernism presumes that all of these endeavors are the cause of human failure. It therefore operates according to just one moral imperative: discredit anything that other people presume to stand for goodness, because the belief that anything is superior to anything else inevitably results in prejudice, interpersonal strife, and inequality.Thus, the Venus de Milo has no more aesthetic value than a crucifix in a jar full of urine; Beethoven s symphonies are no more profound than the latest round of top 40 hits; all religions are fundamentally the same, and their  moderate  postmodern adherents are all comfortably represented on the  Coexist  bumper sticker. In a sense, it isn t culture at all, but rather an anti-culture that measures success insofar as it deconstructs anything that other people value.Postmodernism Merely Hides Its Hypocritical IdealismProvided that the postmodern man believes in nothing and values nothing, one wouldn t be unreasonable in concluding that he cares about nothing. But anyone who knows postmodern man also knows that nothing could be farther from the truth. Rather, the  cult of non-discrimination  is filled with bright-eyed idealism about making the world a better place, and in the cases where it challenges baseless prejudice, it does make the world a better place. Like other utopian visions that seek to remake human beings into something alien to their nature, however, it is incapable of compromise, and thus lends itself to hypocrisy and fanaticism Continue this article at The FederalistREAD MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23034,Trump Moves Ahead with ‘The Wall’ Between US and Mexico," This week President Donald Trump followed through with his most audacious   building a wall along the US southern border with Mexico.After his visit to the Department of Homeland Security this afternoon, Trump is set to sign government directives today that will set in motion the construction of a new system of border reinforcement which will include a number of new provisions -including the wall.The move is expected to correspond with announcements on stricter immigration procedures in the short term   sending out a power message to illegal immigrants hoping to cross the US southern border from 2017.Bloomberg adds: The Trump administration is also considering a 120-day suspension of refugee admissions and cutting the total number allowed into the U.S. in the current fiscal year from 110,000 to 50,000, actions that could be announced as soon as Thursday, according to a person familiar with the plan. The border directives come immediately on the heals of Trump s recent statements and executive move to renegotiate, or cancel Washington s position in the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and the TransPacific Partnership (TPP).Once again, Trump is wasting no time putting his signature campaign issues into play   something many of his critics have doubted he would be doing.READ MORE MEXICO NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Mexico FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE  SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23035,Cheerleading Assassination: Are Hollywood and Politicians Going Too Far?,"21st Century Wire says Everyone has the right to air their perceived grievances about anything, including President Trump, that is one of the benefits of living in America. But there is a point where expressing grievances or protesting against policies or politicians can shift from legal protest, assembly and expression of free speech to inciting or promoting violence. We ve seen some interesting cases of public figures coming close to and maybe crossing that line during the last week.Some Hollywood celebrities, entertainers and politicians may have taken the concept of free speech a little too far when trying to express their disdain for President Trump. Celebrities Madonna and Ashley Judd lashed out with bizarre tirades during the  Women s March  in the wake of the Trump inaugural festivities.The antics of the celebs at the DC  Women s March  was a hot topic of discussion on Sunday Wire Ep #170 with Patrick Henningsen and Hesher in the final segment of the show.Madonna went as far as to say she d thought about  blowing up the White House  which she now claims was said in metaphor only, but still got her a lot of negative attention from the media, from Trump supporters and even caught the attention of the Secret Service.What Madonna and those cheering her on actually want and what they are planning to do to achieve it is as clear as mud after this protest. If the  Revolution  she speaks of is metaphorical only, then what are the goals of her and the rest of the protesters when she speaks of revolution? Chants of,  We Chose Love!  after statements, hypothetical or metaphorical, about  revolution  and  blowing up the White House  send a very confused message.Madonna claims that her comments about the White House were taken out of context, listen to the full recording and you be the judge.Warning Madonna s speech may not be appropriate for the work place or around young children due to profanity.The singer later claimed, on her Instagram page, that she is a nonviolent person and that she was not promoting violence when she said a  revolution  was starting after  good did not win this election. Yesterday s Rally. was an amazing and beautiful experience. I came and performed Express Yourself and thats exactly what i did. However I want to clarify some very important things. I am not a violent person, I do not promote violence and it s important people hear and understand my speech in it s entirety rather than one phrase taken wildly out of context. My speech began with   I want to start a revolution of love.    I then go on to take this opportunity to encourage women and all marginalized people to not fall into despair but rather to come together and use it as a starting point for unity and to create positive change in the world. I spoke in metaphor and I shared two ways of looking at things   one was to be hopeful, and one was to feel anger and outrage, which I have personally felt. However, I know that acting out of anger doesn t solve anything. And the only way to change things for the better is to do it with love. It was truly an honor to be part of an audience chanting  we choose love .   #revoltutionoflove #revolutionoflove *******************************************************A photo posted by Madonna (@madonna) on Jan 22, 2017 at 10:49am PSTKatie Rich of Saturday Night Live was suspended for what even she herself now concedes was an insensitive tweet about Barron Trump, 10 year old son of Donald Trump. Jumping on the bandwagon of ridiculing all things Trump, Rich tweeted out that,  Barron will be this contry s first homeschool shooter. Rich was suspended indefinitely by SNL after the tweet and her Twitter account was later deactivated after she tweeted an apology. Her name did not appear in the credits for the next broadcast of SNL on Saturday.Could it be that people are actually being held responsible for their over-reach on social media and on their self perceived Hollywood soap boxes? Certainly not in all cases, but the Katie Rich case is a great example of how one can ruin a career with a single mean spirited, politically fueled Tweet aimed at a ten year old.As we turn to a political example, we find a Swedish politician who s stepped down from his position after a Facebook post where he asked if  someone could shoot him  when talking about Donald Trump.Municipal council member, Roland Peterson, went too far on his criticism of Donald Trump and provoked an angry response from his fellow party and council members.More on this phenomenon from RT  RTA municipal council member of a Swedish town called Kalmar has resigned due to a Facebook post he made asking if someone could  shoot  America s new president, Donald Trump. I believed that Donald Trump would calm down after he became the president [of the US]. But how wrong I was! He exceeded my worst fears! Could anyone shoot him?  Swedish Social Democratic Party member Roland Peterson, a municipal official in Kalmar s Soedermoere district, wrote on his Facebook page on Sunday, though he removed it an hour later.Nonetheless, Peterson decided to step down as member of both his party and the Soedermoere Municipal Council and Planning Board after making the post, announcing his resignation on Monday morning. After my blunder on Facebook, there is a risk that I will become a burden for the Social Democrats in Kalmar. I do not want it, so I chose to leave all my posts,  Peterson wrote in a letter to his party members, as cited by the local Oestra Smaland newspaper.Person s post provoked an angry reaction from his party members and fellow councilors. It is good that he [Peterson] removed it [the post],  councilor Johan Persson told Oestra Smalan, adding that people should  never call for violence  regardless of their opinion of Donald Trump or other issues.The Social Democrats  leader in Kalmar, Roger Holmberg, denounced the post as  inappropriate  and  idiotic,  while stressing that  even thinking about the idea of violence is completely wrong.  He told Swedish broadcaster STV that he had had a conversation with Peterson and said that new party members would receive training in working with social media.Holmber said that Peterson  is deeply remorseful,  explaining that he  did not understand the impact of the post in the social media. Peterson told STV that he  would have never written  the post if he had considered the consequences, while promising he  will never do it again.  He also explained to Oestra Smalan that it was Trump s environmental policy that had deeply upset him. He [Trump] risks the future of the entire Earth,  he said, adding that  now, when the world has started going in the right direction,  Trump plans to increase oil and coal production.Trump s ideas about the environmental are a source of controversy in the US. Social media went into meltdown after Trump s inauguration when certain hot topic issues disappeared from the White House website, including climate change.Many mainstream media outlets initially reported on the conspicuous disappearances, but are adopting a more cautious  wait-and-see  approach for the time being.Anti-Trump angst was running high both in the US and abroad after his inauguration. On Saturday, Donald Trump s first full day in the White House, thousands of women marched through US cities to protest Trump and call for the protection of civil liberties and diverse cultures Continue this report at RTRead More Election News at: 21st Century Wire Election CoverageSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
23036,POLITICAL AGITATOR: Globalist George Soros Linked to Over 50 ‘Partners’ of the Women’s March on Washington,"21st Century Wire says More than 50 NGO  partners  of the Women s March on Washington were found to be tied to social movement financier George Soros. While the DC gathering was billed as a grassroots movement for women s rights in America, it was anything but as a string of multi-million dollar Democratic Party-affiliated NGO s organized what was clearly an anti-Donald Trump event following the US presidential inauguration this past week.  DIVIDE BY DESIGN    (Photo illustration 21WIRE s Shawn Helton)As we ve stated before here at 21WIRE, this kind of political protest is designed to first cause public disruption, while also fomenting a form of socially-engineered cultural, gender and class warfare.In the case of the Women s March on Washington, a militant style of identity politics was on a full frontal display. Enter stage left   the celebrities This was never more apparent than the hate filled diatribe of Hollywood actress Ashley Judd, whose angry rhetoric was eclipsed only by famed singer Madonna, who during her obscenity laced speech admitted to harboring violent thoughts directed at the White House. Consequently, the Material Girl is now reportedly under Secret Service investigation for her bomb related threat this past Saturday.Watch how both Judd and Madonna are driven by rage during their politically divisive speeches at the Women s March on Washington https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-5ZkrQHyNcDuring an interview with ABC NEWS, Trump advisor Kellyanne Conway  didn t see the point,  of the Women s March. Additionally, Conway underscored that 29-30 million women across America voted for Trump and their voices were heard in the 2016 election https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LVEiGcT9wD4QUESTION: Was the heavily organized Women s March on Washington just another example of a radical globalist and cultural Marxist  progressive  agenda at play?Historically speaking, many social movements have worked to erode the legitimacy of a democratically elected government through a series of artificial  color  upheavals (color revolutions), and where possible   weakening a country s national sovereignty through forced dependency on multilateral globalist institutions like the UN or IMF, while presenting shock and awe imagery in order to manipulate the public s political perspective.This is how the US and its CIA conduct their destablization  color revolution  campaigns overseas, and now astute observers will recognize these exact same methods being deployed here inside the US.Overseas, Washington tends to use the same cast of NGO fronts to build-up pro-US political opposition groups, as well as plan and generate civil unrest. They include the Albert Einstein Institute (AEI), National Endowment for Democracy (NED), International Republican Institute (IRI), National Democratic Institute (NDI), Freedom House and later the International Center for Non-Violent Conflict (ICNC), and the US Agency for International Development (USAID), the financial and contractor arm of the Department of State.Inside the US, deep state actors in Washington generally work through Democratic Party affiliated organizations like MoveOn.org, as well as through labor union organizations like AFL-CIO, and UNITE HERE. These, along with many other similar organizations have been involved in organizing this latest protest movement in America.While it still remains to be seen if Trump s stated political vision for America can unite an embattled nation, one thing is clear   many NGO groups operating inside the US will continue their organized opposition to the newly elected president over the course of his time in the White House.  BITTER PILL    Madonna s waning singing career gives way to cultural upheaval and demagoguery. (Image Source: Extra.ie)Other  partners  for the march included the American Atheists and UniteWomen.org, who ran a public relations campaign which featured videos with the hashtags #ImWithHer, #DemsInPhily and #ThanksObama. Once again, all road lead back to billionaire Hillary Clinton financier, George Soros and his Open Society NGO empire.Writer Asra Nomani expands on the Soros web here: By my draft research, which I m opening up for crowd-sourcing on GoogleDocs, Soros has funded, or has close relationships with, at least 56 of the march s  partners,  including  key partners  Planned Parenthood, which opposes Trump s anti-abortion policy, and the National Resource Defense Council, which opposes Trump s environmental policies. The other Soros ties with  Women s March  organizations include the partisan MoveOn.org (which was fiercely pro-Clinton), the National Action Network (which has a former executive director lauded by Obama senior advisor Valerie Jarrett as  a leader of tomorrow  as a march co-chair and another official as  the head of logistics ). Other Soros grantees who are  partners  in the march are the American Civil Liberties Union, Center for Constitutional Rights, Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch. March organizers and the organizations identified here haven t yet returned queries for comment. NOTE: See her full story below.The Free Thought Project illustrates the contrived socially engineered nature behind the Women s March on Washington in lengthy passage below:Washington, D.C.   An investigation by a New York Times affiliate has revealed that billionaire globalist financier George Soros, who recently called Donald Trump a  would-be dictator  during an interview at Davos, and whose Open Society Foundation works to finance and forward progressive causes across the world, and is intimately connected to numerous color revolutions, the Arab Spring, and various other political uprisings across the globe, has been revealed to be connected to more than 50 of the groups that organized the nationwide  Women s Marches  that saw millions of Americans take to the streets across the country.The march s official website says,  We stand together, recognizing that defending the most marginalized among us is defending all of us.  Many people turned out to be a manifestation of that ideal, but it s important to understand the reality of what is happening on a strategic political level as an inorganic politically contrived and funded event. This, in no way, takes away from the validity of standing up for women s issues but is important to note that women are being used as pawns in a larger ideological political game that has international overtones of power politics.These marches were largely billed as  spontaneous  and  grassroots  actions, by publications like The Guardian and Vox. However, the reality exposed by an investigation by self-described liberal feminist Asra Q. Nomani, writing for New York Times affiliate Women in the World, revealed that after studying the  funding, politics and talking points of the some 403 groups that are  partners  of the march, contrary to the non-partisan rhetoric used in these marches, they were not really  women s march  but were rather  for women who are anti-Trump. Nomani reveals that the  Women s Marches  were actually organized as political tools to be used to strategically forward a progressive political agenda against President Donald Trump   exposing the protests to largely be an organized, top-down driven political operation   and not an organic movement of concerned Americans taking to the streets as reported by the mainstream media. More from the NY Times affiliate Women in the World below   SOROS MARCH?    The Women s March in Washington DC revealed some deep NGO pockets lurking behind the scenes. (Image Source: thefederalist.com). Asra Q. Nomani NY Times   Women in the WorldIn the pre-dawn darkness of today s presidential inauguration day, I faced a choice, as a lifelong liberal feminist who voted for Donald Trump for president: lace up my pink Nike sneakers to step forward and take the DC Metro into the nation s capital for the inauguration of America s new president, or wait and go tomorrow to the after-party, dubbed the  Women s March on Washington ? The Guardian has touted the  Women s March on Washington  as a  spontaneous  action for women s rights. Another liberal media outlet, Vox, talks about the  huge, spontaneous groundswell  behind the march. On its website, organizers of the march are promoting their work as a grassroots effort with  independent  organizers. Even my local yoga studio, Beloved Yoga, is renting a bus and offering seats for $35. The march s manifesto says magnificently,  The Rise of the Woman = The Rise of the Nation. It s an idea that I, a liberal feminist, would embrace. But I know   and most of America knows   that the organizers of the march haven t put into their manifesto: the march really isn t a  women s march.  It s a march for women who are anti-Trump. As someone who voted for Trump, I don t feel welcome, nor do many other women who reject the liberal identity-politics that is the core underpinnings of the march, so far, making white women feel unwelcome, nixing women who oppose abortion and hijacking the agenda. To understand the march better, I stayed up through the nights this week, studying the funding, politics and talking points of the some 403 groups that are  partners  of the march. Is this a non-partisan  Women s March ?Continue the NY Times article here READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER @21WIRE.TV",0
23037,"Kellyanne Conway: ‘Presidents aren’t judged by crowd sizes, but by their accomplishments’","21st Century Wire says Kellyanne Conway thrashed NBC s Chuck Todd around the set on Meet The Press when he tried to paint the Trump administration as releasing  false information  about their inauguration attendance numbers. Conway, like many viewers, immediately caught Todd in the fact that the topic was meaningless and was quick to point out a number of main stream media reports containing  falsehoods  that were pushed by establishment media. Conway hit her stride regarding the topic of inauguration attendance numbers when she told Chuck Todd,  Presidents aren t judged by crowd sizes at their inaugurations, they are judged by their accomplishments. When Todd hit back with a double down on the accusations that the comments by Trump Press Secretary, Sean Spicer, were put out there to push a  provable falsehood  Conway fired back with some choice phrases that have commentators on the edge of their seats. We re going to have to rethink our relationship with the media. you ve got a 14% approval rating, that you ve earned. . Read More 2016 Election News at: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
23038,DC Women’s March Aftermath: Streets Littered With Trash,"21st Century Wire says So much for caring about the environment and individual responsibility  Protesters in DC who claim to be there protesting for  women s rights  (even though it seemed quite clearly to be a women against President Trump protest) are taking criticism for leaving the city with tens of thousands of placards and signs laying about on the sidewalks, streets, in front of national monuments, the White House, and Trump International Hotel. No problem, the government will pay for it  RTThey may have attracted the headlines, but the anti-Trump protesters who attended the massive Women s March in Washington DC, are now drawing criticism for abandoning their placards at landmarks and on the capital s streets.Organizers say that more that 2.5 million people took part in demonstrations around the world on Saturday, as protesters voiced opposition to President Donald Trump while also calling for the protection of civil liberties.People are leaving their signs on paths leading to the White House #WomensMarch #washington pic.twitter.com/cR6yAEeZzA  earthboy (@earthboy17) January 22, 2017The largest of the events was held in Washington, DC where over half a million people took to the streets, according to AP. Many, if not most, of the protesters came equipped with placards criticising Trump and highlighting their various causes.Following the march, tens of thousands thousands chose to leave their signs outside various DC landmarks including the White House and the Trump International Hotel.This action received significant support on social media, with some people supporting it as a graphic, lingering illustration of the sentiments behind the mass gathering.Thousands of signs find their final resting spot leaving a message for Trump outside of the White House. #womensmarch #womensmarchdc pic.twitter.com/KMwgjzLjDV  Jaime (@wojo4hitz) January 22, 2017#WomensMarch protestors are also leaving their signs in front of the White House.Lots of them. pic.twitter.com/bcgHxtbVbf  Jack Jenkins (@jackmjenkins) January 21, 2017People are leaving their Women's March signs outside the Trump Hotel https://t.co/elQ9ewsCvI pic.twitter.com/Zx4RpAsAHQ  Washington Post (@washingtonpost) January 21, 2017Many others however, were critical of the move, describing it as selfish littering.  I guess the environment or personal responsibility isn t something they re concerned about,  Conservative blogger The GOP report wrote on Twitter.Seeing this pic all over time lines. How can leaving signs as trash all over be 'beautiful'??   ""Beautiful end to the #WomensMarch"" pic.twitter.com/vrvw7yT7zG  FionaRavenHunter (@LisaFlanery) January 22, 2017I get idea of leaving #WomensMarch signs @ Trump Hotel & White House, but who do we think will have to clean this up? FYI not Trump. pic.twitter.com/ny2AhPw9tm  Joseph Kitchen (@josephlkitchen) January 22, 2017Video of a man wearing a pro-Trump Make America Great Again hat cleaning up rubbish received more than 4,000 retweets and 5,000 likes Man wearing a Make America Great Again hat picking up trash after the women's march in Washington, D.C. #WomensMarch pic.twitter.com/47ZjcagM31  Caleb Ecarma (@calebecarma) January 21, 2017Continue this report at RTRead More Election News at: 21st Century Wire Election CoverageSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
23039,SUNDAY SCREENING: Counter Intelligence – ‘The Company’,"21st Century Wire says Our weekly documentary film curated by the editorial team at 21WIRE.The following is Part 1 of a 5 part series which deals with the Deep State Shining a Light on Black Operations: This 5-part documentary is a great expose on the national surveillance state that has arisen over the last 50-100 years. Manipulating elections, overthrowing foreign governments, and secret assassinations are just a few of the heinous acts committed in the name of national security. Now that Edward Snowden has blown the lid off of the NSA s Prism snooping program, this film series is even more important and relevant.This film takes a very informative and provocative look into the illegal and covert operations of the Central Intelligence Agency (C.I.A.). It lays out the historical foundations of the modern surveillance state.  SEE MORE SUNDAY SCREENINGS HERESUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
23040,Trump’s First Government Agency Visit: CIA," RT . President Donald Trump spoke at CIA Headquarters on his first stop as the newly inaugurated commander in chief telling the intelligence agency that despite media reports he is not at war with the intelligence community. The reason you re my first stop is as you know I have a running war with the media- they are among the most dishonest beings on earth, they say I have a feud with the intelligence community. The reason you re my first stop is exactly the opposite,  Trump said. I am so behind you,  he told CIA officials at Langley, Virginia.Trump continued with examples of the  dishonest media  claiming they skewed attendance figures for his inauguration citing lower numbers and showing images of an empty field.He also called out Time magazine for running a false story stating that he had removed Martin Luther King s bust from the Oval Office when it was in fact just blocked from view by a cameraman.Trump told the CIA that he has a great respect for the agency and believes it is  going to be one of the most important groups in the country in making us safe again. URGENT: We will not impose our way of life, but we will shine for others to follow   Trump https://t.co/cVbgG3xchI pic.twitter.com/a31zfkm3RX  RT (@RT_com) January 20, 2017 There is nobody that feels stronger about the intelligence community and CIA than Donald Trump,  he saidHe had nothing but praise for the agency highlighting their importance going forward. I love you, I respect you, we re going to start winning again and you will be leading the charge,  he told some 400 officers who came in on their time off for the historic visit.READ MORE: Intelligence insiders call Russian dossier  complete fraud    TrumpTrump s favourable comments about the CIA come amidst a tense period with the intelligence community after he refused to accept US intel reports on Russia s alleged interference in the election.Just last week Trump branded outgoing CIA chief Brennan as  the leaker of fake news  after Brennan criticised him for tweeting and told him to understand the Russian threat.Trump questioned whether the CIA director had leaked a recent unsubstantiated dossier to the media that claimed Russia had collected compromising financial or personal information about him Continue this report at RTREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump Files",0
23041,U.S. Inauguration: Historic Day Marks Beginning of Renewed ‘America First’ Era," Mark Anderson  American Free PressWASHINGTON, D.C. Donald John Trump took to the podium on the Capitol Building s west side with a look described by Connecticut resident Ann Marie Murray as one of  humility just before Trump was sworn in Friday as the 45th president of the United States by Chief Justice John Roberts.The event clearly was seen as inspiring by many. Chicago resident Doug Sparkman, moments after Trump s inaugural address, agreed that he found Trump s remarks to be rather  Jeffersonian,  in the sense of being people-based. In that vein, he yearns for a country run on the basis of principle, not party. And given what he heard in Trump s address, he feels that s possible under the new administration. Action, and putting politics aside, is what we really need for this country,  Sparkman added.With the whole inaugural ceremony some 20 minutes behind schedule, Trump and his family, looking regal and acting highly anticipatory of the challenges that await them, arrived at the Capitol around 11:15 a.m. The new first lady, Melania, was escorted to the west balcony to be seated first, wearing a stunning high-necked blue outfit that brought  oohs  from many in the massive crowd whose view was aided by large screens on both ends of the Capitol.Trump himself, appearing reflective and solemn, emerged alongside Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy and was seated at 11:32. As the somewhat chilly day spat a little rain here and there, you could feel the heavy anticipation to hear Trump take the oath of office. And soon after former Indiana Gov. Mike Pence was sworn in as vice president by Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, Trump proceeded to begin taking his oath when a group of six agitators erupted in a flurry of slogans and declarations precisely when Trump began repeating the words  I do solemnly swear . . . This writer, some 10 feet from the protestors in the Section eight seating area reasonably close to the presidential podium, could see the anguish on the faces of many of the nearby inaugural attendees, a number of whom traveled long distances to hear their new president take the oath. But from their vantage point, Trump s exchange with Roberts was largely drowned out. It s a testimony to the manners and restraint of the pro-Trump attendees that they did not  escort  the protestors out by force Continue this story at AFPREAD MORE TRUMP NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire Trump Files",0
23042,It’s Official: Trump is POTUS 45,"Today Donald J. Trump was sworn in as the 45th President of the United States of America. The new president gave a resounding speech that was a major break from tradition   clearly an anti-establishment and anti-Washington speech, resuming his campaign stance of characterizing Washington DC as a corrupt, elitist cadre of career-minded, self-serving politicians. Oligharchs in attendance looked noticeably uncomfortable with Trump s words.Trump also went into full populist mode, casting aside globalism in favor of the national interest: From this day forward, a new vision will govern our land,  Trump said soon after Chief Justice John Roberts administered the oath of office.  From this day forward, it s going to only be America first, America first. Expect a wild first 100 days  READ MORE ELECTION NEWS AT: 21st Century Wire 2016 FilesSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
23043,Boiler Room #93 – The Outgoing Head of Hydra,"Tune in to the Alternate Current Radio Network (ACR) for another LIVE broadcast of  The Boiler Room  starting at 6:00 PM PST | 8:00 PM CST | 9:00 PM EST for this special broadcast. Join us for uncensored, uninterruptible talk radio, custom-made for barfly philosophers, misguided moralists, masochists, street corner evangelists, media-maniacs, savants, political animals and otherwise lovable rascals.Join ACR hosts Hesher and Spore along with Patrick Henningsen host of the Sunday Wire, Andy Nowicki host of The Nameless Podcast, Jay Dyer Jay s Analysis, Stewart Howe and ACR regulars FunkS0ul, InfidelPharaoh & MilesOfTruth for the 93rd episode of BOILER ROOM. Water the kids, put the plants to bed and get your favorite mead horn ready so you can drop deep into the Boiler Room with the ACR brain-trust.Please like and share the program and visit our donate page to get involved!Listen to  Boiler Room #93   The Outgoing Head of Hydra  on Spreaker.Reference Links:",0
23044,Ep #10: Patrick Henningsen LIVE – ‘Inside Esoteric Hollywood’ with guest Jay Dyer,"Join Patrick every Wednesday at Independent Talk 1100 KFNX and Alternate Current Radio for the very best in news, views and analysis on all top stories domestically and abroad THIS WEEK: Episode 10 This week we briefly cover a few big stories including the upcoming US Presidential Inauguration and Obama s pardon and imminent release of Private Bradley-Chelsea Manning which looks to trigger Julian Assange s surrender to US authorities.In our main feature segment, host Patrick Henningsen is joined by special guest Jay Dyer, author of the new book Esoteric Hollywood, to discuss Hollywood and how deep state politics, propaganda, social engineering and occult symbolism is baked into some of the biggest blockbuster films of our time. Listen Listen to  EP 10: Patrick Henningsen LIVE with Jay Dyer  on Spreaker.This program broadcasts LIVE every Wednesday night from 8pm to 9pm MST, right after the Savage Nation, on Independent Talk 1100 KFNX over the terrestrial AM band across the greater Phoenix and central Arizona region, and live over global satellite and online via www.1100kfnx.com.LISTEN TO MORE INTERVIEWS AT PATRICK HENNINGSEN LIVE  SHOW ARCHIVES",0
23045,Trump Swings Back at Author of Fake Dossier: ‘Failed Spy’ Might Face Libel Action,"21st Century Wire says In a Tweet, Donald Trump hints at libel action in response to the  Trump dossier  which was allegedly compiled by former MI6 officer, Christopher Steele.Is the Donald going to take the next logical step in battling fake news in the mainstream media, pushed by his political opponents and take one of their intelligence thugs to court? Keep an eye on this developing story. Alexander Mercouris The DuranDonald Trump has lashed out at Christopher Steele, the former British MI6 officer who compiled the Trump Dossier.Steele worked in Russia for MI6 in the 1990s and at one time headed MI6 s Russian desk.  It turns out that he was also the case officer of Andrey Litvinenko, the FSB defector the British authorities accuse the Russians of murdering with polonium.  It seems that Steele has however not actually travelled to Russia for twenty years, making it unclear how he contacted the various Russian insiders who he says provided him with the information he used to compile the Trump Dossier.In any event, Trump in a tweet has now called Steele a  failed spy It now turns out that the phony allegations against me were put together by my political opponents and a failed spy afraid of being sued . . . Totally made up facts by sleazebag political operatives, both Democrats and Republicans   FAKE NEWS!The reference to Steele being  a failed spy afraid of being sued  suggests that Trump is considering bringing a libel action against him.  If so then Steele will have to explain the contents of the Trump Dossier before a British court.  Given that despite certain recent changes British libel laws are amongst the most rigorous in the world, that would make for a very interesting court case Continue this report at The DuranRead More Election News at: 21st Century Wire Election CoverageSUPPORT 21WIRE   SUBSCRIBE & BECOME A MEMBER@ 21WIRE.TV",0
