id,title,text,label
21042,MIGRANT GIRLS AS YOUNG AS 11 Arrive In Sweden Married And Pregnant,"Sweden needs to start sending these pedophiles and rapists back to where they came from. At least 61 minors were married when they sought asylum in Norway last year, figures from the Norwegian authorities show. The youngest was an eleven year old girl.Of the 61 married minors who sought asylum in Norway in 2015, at least ten were under the country s sexual age of consent of 16, broadcaster NRK reported based on figures from the Norwegian Immigration Directorate (UDI) and the Norwegian Directorate for Children, Youth and Family Affairs (Bufdir). At least ten of the girls were under the age of 16, while 49 girls and two boys who are married were 16 or 17 when they arrived in Norway. At least two of the girls under the age of 18 were expecting their second child.The youngest married asylum seeker was just 11 years old when she arrived in Norway.Most of the married minors came from Syria, Afghanistan or Iraq. We are looking very seriously at children under 18 who are in danger of being subjected to sexual abuse, violence and forced actions. We are committed to helping these children and to preventing forced situations. These could be criminal cases,  Bufdir director Mari Trommald told NRK.A 14-year-old pregnant girl crossed the Storskog border station in November with her 23-year-old husband and their 18-month-old child. Today, the two live separately and the 23-year-old is under police investigation.Trommald said that each case must be assessed individually to determine whether the married couples should live separately.Via: THELOCALno",0
21043,Germany’s Angela Merkel Makes Incredibly Naive Announcement: EVERY MIGRANT MUST LEAVE…After THIS One Condition Is Met…,"Perhaps Merkel should have considered the serious consequences of Germany s compassionate open border policy that allowed over 1 million (mostly) Muslim males to infiltrate their country. German officials essentially granted them permission to rape and sexually assault their women and children while they looked the other way. But that s not all Germany is giving them free food, housing, education and spending money to boot. Does Angela Merkel really believe that when she tells these freeloading Muslim males that it s time to go back home, that they re going to pack up their bags and leave? As Germany s open-door refugee policy comes increasingly under fire, the Chancellor has tried to silence her critics.Despite mounting pressure to cap the number of refugees in the wake of the Cologne sex attacks which saw 130 women sexually assaulted by men, believed to be migrants, Mrs Merkel has stood her ground.Some 1.1million migrants entered Germany last year, many fleeing conflicts in Syria and Iraq.Mrs Merkel said:  We need   to say to people that this is a temporary residential status and we expect that, once there is peace in Syria again, once ISIS has been defeated in Iraq, that you go back to your home country with the knowledge that you have gained. Mrs Merkel said 70 per cent of the refugees who fled to Germany from former Yugoslavia in the 1990s had returned.She urged other European countries to offer more help  because the numbers need to be reduced even further and must not start to rise again, especially in spring .Speaking to a regional meeting of her Christian Democratic Union (CDU), Mrs Merkel said said all EU states should have an interest in protecting the bloc s external borders, and all would suffer if the internal passport-free Schengen zone collapsed and national borders were closed.Peter Altmaier, who Mrs Merkel has tasked with overseeing the government s handling of the refugee crisis, said the government was negotiating with some countries including Turkey about taking back criminal refugees who arrived via non-EU countries.Yeah because what nation in their right mind wouldn t gladly accept  criminal refugees  into their country? Gee, we sure hope Merkel isn t foolish enough to believe there aren t any members of ISIS living comfortably in refugee housing or camps inside their open-borders.Via: Express UK ",0
21044,Homeless Man Dies Next To 4-STAR HOTEL…Your Blood Will Boil When You See Who Is Living Inside Hotel,"LIBERAL COMPASSION: This story is a perfect example of how the Left is leaving citizens behind in favor of invaders from other countries. Why are we allowing politicians to have this kind of power? Where are the voices of the citizens who are watching their heritage and centuries of a rich history in their countries being stolen overnight by strangers, many of whom are looking for a better economic situation?A homeless man has been found dead in the centre of Bolzano. The corpse was found by some passers-by in a makeshift bed made from cardboard boxes, alongside the wall of the Hotel Alpi, which is currently being used to house refugees. According to the investigators  initial information, there were no traces of violence on the man s body.Here is a photo of the lobby in the 4-star Hotel Bolzano:Here is an image of the  refugees  who live there. This was taken in July last year, as they were staging a protest about not being given enough milk. Please note the  refugee  with the smart phone and earbuds. The suffering of these refugees can be summed up in this one picture:Via: ANSA.it Trentino AA/s",0
21045,HOW HILLARY CLINTON Has Secured Her Husband’s Legacy As “A Rapist” And Hers As An “Enabler” [VIDEO],"Hillary Clinton is a professional panderer. There is no vote she won t attempt to secure, no matter the cost. In reality, her desire to gain the vote of young women in America will only harm her, as her call to stop the sexual assaults against women on campuses across America only shines a light one of the ugliest aspects of the Clinton Crime Syndicate. Bill s pattern of sexual abuse, and Hillary s willingness to sit back and watch will undoubtedly to come back to haunt them. Anyone who thought Hillary could get away with this phony compassion for women who are truly sexual victims, underestimates the disdain that women on both sides of the aisle have for her and her serial rapist husband.Articles have now appeared in two left of center websites, VOX and Slate, noting that it s hard to dismiss Ms. (Anita) Broderick (claims of sexual assault by Bill Clinton) given the new progressive consensus on believing victims. Well the injunction to believe victims gained currency among progressives because of a potent mix of gender theory and advocacy statistics.The theory came from the legal scholar Catharine MacKinnon, who taught that: Feminism is built on believing women s accounts of sexual use and abuse and by men.  The statistics were supplied by activist researchers who claimed that women almost never lie about sexual assault. Now those activist statistics have been shredded, but among progressives, the doctrine of sexual victim infallibility, that lived on. But if victims are infallible, then those they accuse, must be presumed guilty. And that brings us to the Clintons. Hillary Clinton has signed on to that theory. Watch here: ",0
21046,“GET ANGRY”: HOW OBAMA’S “Purple Army” Is Teaming Up With Illegal Aliens To Steal The Vote In 2016,"The Democrats will stop at nothing to win this election. They didn t fight so hard to let millions of illegals cross our borders because they were feeling especially compassionate. They don t do anything without an ulterior motive stealing the vote is their ulterior motive The Service Employees International Union is teaming up with four Latino advocacy organizations and a key House Democrat to convert as many of the 5 million Latino permanent residents into U.S. citizens and voters as possible before Election Day.Leading the charge is Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D-Ill., who said Thursday that he believes the  stand up to hate  push can get 1 million of those Latinos naturalized by May, which would see them become citizens in time to register for the presidential election.The campaign s mantra is  Naturalize. Register. Vote. Gutierrez advised Latinos to  get angry  over the anti-immigrant rhetoric emanating from Republican presidential candidates  then naturalize, register and vote. Can you believe calling all Mexicans rapists?  he asked during a conference call announcing the New American Democracy Campaign, referring to controversial comments made by real estate mogul and former reality TV star Donald Trump.  Banning all people of one religion from the United States? There s nothing the groups can do to speed up the naturalization process, but the initiative is aimed at making sure the millions of legal permanent residents trade in their green cards for citizenship.Gutierrez said he s excited to travel across the country, starting in his hometown of Chicago, to attend as many of the nearly 100 naturalization seminars that the collaborating organizations are putting on. He also plans to hit Colorado, Florida and Nevada, among other states with significant Latino populations.The groups involved are: iAmerica Action, Latino Victory Foundation, Mi Familia Vota, National Partnership for New Americans, and the SEIU. Via: Washington Examiner",0
21047,TOP NAVY COMMANDER RELEASED After Reportedly Revealing Secret About Obama,"Seven years ago, this story would ve seemed like something from  The Onion  (a satirical publication). Unfortunately where Barry Sotoero, aka Barack Hussein Obama is concerned, nothing is unbelievable, and truth seems to be stranger than fiction  Recently, a new Foreign Intelligence Service (SVR) report was released stating that one of the United States Navy s top commanders was released from command after he sent out an email revealing that President Barack Obama was in the process of purchasing a multi-million dollar seaside villa in Dubai.The report indicates that Rear Admiral Rick Williams, Commander of the US Navy s Carrier Strike Group 15, posted a query on January 8 to the Naval Institutes  Readiness Kill Chain.  It inquired why Navy security and intelligence personal had been dispatched from a Naval Support Facility in Thurmont to an  Obama house hunting mission.  The message has since been deleted.As to the  Obama house hunting mission  Admiral Williams was making his query about before being fired, this report continues, SVR intelligence  assests  in the UAE identified it as being a luxury seaside villa located in the Palm Jumeirah development of Dubai being offered for sale at the price of $4.9 million (18 million United Arab Emirates Dirham), and which a deposit on it was made this past week by the Washington D.C. based global public affairs company Podesta Group. Important to note about the Podesta Group, this report notes, is that its leader is Tony Podesta, who aside from being one of the most powerful oligarchs in the US, is a close personal friend of President Obama too.Within 18 hours of posting the query, Vice Admiral Noral Tyson fired Admiral Williams on orders from President Obama. Her action was reportedly  due to a loss of confidence in his ability to command  based on  allegations of his misuse of government computer equipment. To cover their tracks, the Pentagon reportedly began releasing  anonymous  stories that Admiral Williams had been viewing pornography on his computer. Of course, this is an impossibility due to the US Navy/Marine Corps Intranet (NMCI), which blocks such sites. Via: Conservative Post",0
21048,FEEL THE BERN! Watch Bernie Sanders’ Supporters Embarrassed By Their Own Hypocrisy In Hysterical “Gotcha” Video,"Roger Simon of PJ Media asks Bernie Sanders  supporters at a recent rally why they re supporting him. They all seem to be in agreement that one of the primary reasons for supporting Bernie is because they believe he will stick it to the billionaire s in America. Because in the end, it s all about getting more free stuff and someone s gotta pay for it right?Watch their priceless reactions when they find out who s funding the rally they re attending: ",0
21049,BREAKING NEWS: Obama To Meet With Special Guest In Oval Office… Is This Proof That Hillary’s Campaign Is Officially Over?,"Has our lawless President finally conceded that even he can t save the head of the Clinton Crime Syndicate? Oh well, lucky for Hillary that  Orange is the new black! President Barack Obama will meet with Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders at the White House on Wednesday, the White House said on Tuesday. The two will meet privately in the Oval Office and there will be no formal agenda,  White House spokesman Josh Earnest said.Sanders, a Vermont senator and self-described democratic socialist, is challenging former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for the Democratic nomination for the November presidential election. Via: Reuters",0
21050,HE MADE A LIVING Convincing Swede’s That Muslims Were Falsely Portrayed…His New Job Proves Everything He Said Was A Lie,"In a nation so rich with Muslim rapists diversity, this  moderate Muslim  will likely be able to move right back into his previous job of admonishing  Islamaphobes  if things don t pan out for him in the raping and beheading business Michael Nikolai Skr mo aka Abo Ibrahim Al Swedi probably didn t need a job. He was trained as a chef before he converted to Islam.The 29-year-old Swede, who today calls himself  Abdul Samad al Swedi , grew up in Gothenburg. He converted to Islam during a field trip to Egypt about ten years ago and has since been engaged in a series of tax-funded Muslim organizations.In 2009 he was invited to SVT, where he told Swedish viewers how Muslim phobia (Islamophobia) and hatred was spread around Europe.Previously, the Swede have been heavily involved to counter what he described as a misleading picture of Muslims as violent fanatics. In an episode of SVT debate, which can be seen on Youtube, he attacked the malicious picture of Muslims spread in Europe. This fear is based on ignorance of Islam,  Michael Skr mo said.Obviously. If only people truly knew what Islam was.As a lecturer Abdul Samad has mainly been active in the radical Bellevue Mosque in Gothenburg. There he held a series of sermons on the association Multicultural Youth Center (MKUC), notorious for four youth leaders of the Association, including president of the association , once armed with knives attempted to attack Lars Vilks in an art event at Red Rock in Gothenburg. It is worth noting that sermons should have been co-arranged with the wide Muslim educational association Ibn Rushd. Abdul Samad has also been linked to the Swedish Federation of Muslims , also a compound of radical preachers, located at the Bellevue Mosque.Michael Skr mo, 29, took the whole family   his little four children and wife   to the IS-controlled area inside Syria. Now Skr mo filmed a propaganda video outside the Syrian city Kobane where he preaches jihad and calls Swedish jihadists to leave Sweden and join the  holy war . My brothers,  hijra  (migration) and  jihad  are so simple. It only costs a few thousand  lapp  [Swedish kronor],  he says in Swedish.  Do you not wish in in your heart to fight and show God what you have to offer him? The door to jihad is standing there waiting for you. It s the fastest way to Jannah [Paradise]. According to Sweden s Expressen newspaper, he converted to Islam in 2005, after which he travelled widely in the Islamic world, learning Arabic and studying the religion.At the end of the video, Skr mo becomes more emotional. I want you to be here with me. I want us to hang out in Jannah. My wonderful brothers, take this decision, trust in Allah, sacrificing your money and your life for Allah, and you will receive the highest from Allah  Via: Frontpage Magazine ",0
21051,OBAMA TO VISIT MOSQUE WHERE RADICAL IMAM Condones Suicide Bombings…Even MORE Unbelievable Is List Of Muslims Who Committed Horrific Acts Of Terror Against Americans Who Prayed There,"Our Imam In Chief told America he was a Christian when he wanted us to elect him in 2007. His Black Liberation Theology Pastor of hate later revealed that Barack only used the church as a way to boost his status as a community organizer. He s been openly mocking Christianity for years now and now, of all the mosques in America he feels compelled to visit, it just happens to be one with a radical Imam and ties to several terrorists who have committed atrocities against Americans.All is forgiven with ignorant liberals who believe terror organization CAIR, when they say Obama just wants to send a message of inclusion and mutual respect. President Obama is set to speak next week at a mosque which was led for over a decade by an Imam who justified suicide bombings in some circumstances and who helped found a mosque with ties to Al Qaeda.The President will visit the Islamic Society of Baltimore on Wednesday and deliver remarks there, the White House confirmed on Saturday. This will be the first time the President has paid an official visit to a mosque during his seven years as President. However, Obama has toured mosques while on overseas trips. The president believes that one of our nation s greatest strengths is our rich diversity,  White House spokesman Keith Maley said, confirming reports.  As the president has said, Muslim Americans are our friends, and neighbors; our co-workers, and sports heroes   and our men and women in uniform defending our country. The Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR) which has been declared a terrorist organization in the United Arab Emirates and was named by federal prosecutors as an unindicted co-conspirator in the Holy Land Foundation s Hamas-funding operation welcomed Obama s decision. For a number of years we ve been encouraging the president to go to an American mosque,  said CAIR spokesman Ibrahim Hooper.  With the tremendous rise in anti-Muslim sentiment in our country, we believe that it will send a message of inclusion and mutual respect. But critics of Obama s decision may question his choice of the Islamic Society of Baltimore, where Mohamad Adam el-Sheikh, a native of Sudan and former member of the Muslim Brotherhood, led the institution for eighteen years as its Imam.Before becoming Imam there, el-Sheikh helped found the Muslim American Society, an outfit created by Muslim Brotherhood members.In 2004, he told the Washington Post, commenting on Palestinian suicide bombers:  If certain Muslims are to be cornered where they cannot defend themselves, except through these kinds of means, and their local religious leaders issued fatwas to permit that, then it becomes acceptable as an exceptional rule, but should not be taken as a principle. El-Sheikh also helped found the Dar Al-Hijrah mosque, which was once led by the deceased infamous Al Qaeda terrorist Anwar Al Awlaki.When he left the Islamic Society of Baltimore, El Sheikh became the Imam of Dar Al-Hijrah, following Awlaki s escape from the U.S. after the September 11 attacks.The Dar Al-Hijrah mosque was founded thanks, in part, to a large grant from Saudi Arabia s Embassy in the United States, which allowed for the large facility to accommodate some 5,000 Muslims.Dar Al-Hijrah, which is located right outside Washington, D.C., is connected to several high-profile Islamic terrorists who prayed there, including Major Nidal Hassan   the Ft. Hood massacre jihadi, two September 11 hijackers, and an unindicted co-conspirator in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing.Via: Breitbart News",0
21052,WATCH: Angry Muslims Tell Christians They Will Take Over Britain,"This video should be shown in town halls all across America. It should be compulsory viewing for every citizen serving on a city council in a sanctuary city. Americans who are okay with populating our country with hundreds of thousands of Muslim refugees need to watch what happens when you allow a large group of people live in our country who have no intention of assimilating England is home to more than three million Muslims for the first time ever, new figures show.The number in the country has doubled in just over a decade as a result of soaring immigration and high birth rates.In some parts of London, close to half the population are now Muslims, according to detailed analysis by the Office for National Statistics obtained by The Mail on Sunday. On current trends they will be the majority in those areas within a decade.How well are these Muslims who have been granted citizenship by Britain assimilating? How do they tolerate other religions?Watch this video and see for yourself:https://youtu.be/gUqdZnJBIBw",0
21053,DOJ and FBI Are “Super Pissed Off” At Troubling Pattern Of Lawless Obama Covering For Hillary,"On Friday White Press Secretary Josh Earnest told reporters some officials at the FBI have said Hillary Clinton is not a target of the current investigation.These latest comments by the Obama White House reportedly have FBI and Justice Department officials  Super Pissed Off. Catherine Herridge reported:That statement by Josh Earnest has got the back up of our contacts at the FBI and Justice Department for two reasons  They are SUPER PISSED OFF to use a technical term. Number one, Josh Earnest has absolutely no clearance or visibility in the FBI investigation. Number two, they say it really seems part of a troubling pattern from the White House because the president earlier said he did not see any national security implications to the Clinton emails and then we found out he had never been briefed.Here s the clip:https://youtu.be/K_cNN0cbe_g",0
21054,OLDER HUSBANDS ALLOWED TO SLEEP WITH Child Brides On Weekends At Danish Asylum Centers,"When Sharia Law becomes the official law of the EU, see how many bleeding heart liberals will be wishing they could turn back time. It s only a matter of time before the Dutch women will clad in head-to-toe burqas. How very progressive With the mass Muslim migration into Eurabia comes the Islamic law and its attendant misogyny, pedophilia and misogyny. That s to be expected. What was not expected when I began to engage in this fight 15 years ago was the sanction of this brutal and extreme ideology by Western leaders in academia, media and politics.Child brides present at Danish asylum centers, & the leaders allow it! By DioDK, January 27, 2016: That is according to MetroXpress (Denmark s most popular free newspaper)Girls down to the age of 14 seek asylum in Denmark as child brides.The younger ones stay at a special asylum center for children. Many of them have a husband with a residence permit. They are allowed to sleep with their older husbands in the weekends.Several political parties wish to stop this. Naser Khader (very responsible conservative who is pretty much against Islam all together) says that these people should not be allowed to get asylum at all.Sofie Carsten Nielsen from the political party  De radikale  literally translating to  The radicals  says:  It is in regards to the law the same as mismanagement of children. If a 14 year old is married, it must be arranged. The asylum center and police need to respond to this.Integration Minister Inger St jberg (very hated for her stand on immigration) wants to stop that the children are allowed to sleep with their husbands in the weekends.[Age of consent in Denmark is according to a quick Google search 15 years old. You can get married at 18.This is PC out of control. People are so afraid to be called racist that they will go along with ANYTHING and allow ANYTHING from Muslims, even pedophilia.] Via: Pamela Gellar ",0
21055,HYSTERICAL…THE DEMOCRAT CONVENTION Schedule Is Revealed,"LOL! You ll want to share this with everyone Democrat Convention ScheduleMonday, 25 July 2016 11:30 AM Free lunch, medical marijuana, and bus ride to the Convention. Forms distributed for Food Stamp enrollment.2:30 PM Group Voter Registration for Undocumented Immigrants.5:00 PM Opening Flag Burning Ceremony Sponsored by CNNTuesday, 26 July 2016 9:00 AM Address on  Being the Real You  Rachel Dolezal, former Head of the Seattle NAACP10:30 PM  How to Bank $200 Million as a public Servant and claim to be broke  Hillary Clinton2:00 PM  How to have a successful career without ever having a job, and still avoid paying taxes! A Seminar Moderated by Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson5:00 PM Medals of Freedom presentation to Army deserter Bo Berghdal Baltimore Looters Wednesday, 27 July 2016 8:30 AM Invitation-only Autograph Session Souvenir photographs of Hillary and  Chelsea dodging Sniper Fire in Bosnia9:00 AM Tribute to All of the 57 States Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi9:30 AM General vote on praising Baltimore rioters, and on using the terminology  Alternative Shoppers  instead of  Looters 11:00 AM The White House  Semantics Committee  Meeting General vote on re-branding  Muslim Terrorism  as  Random Acts of Islamic Over-Exuberance 1:00 PM  Liberal Bias in Media   How we can make it work for you  Tutorial sponsored by CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN, PBS, the Washington Post and the New York Times with Guest Speaker, Brian Williams3:00 PM Tribute Film to the Brave Freedom Fighters still incarcerated at GITMO Michael Moore5:00 PM Personal Finance Seminar    Businesses Don t Create Jobs  Hillary ClintonThursday, 28 July 2016 9:00 AM Group Condemnation of Bitter Gun Owners.9:30 AM Ceremonial  We Surrender  Waving of the White Flag to Afghanistan, Russia, and ISIS.10:00 AM Short film,  Setting Up Your Own Illegal  Email Server While Serving in A  Cabinet Post and How to Pretend  It s No Big Deal  Hosted by Hillary Clinton11:00 AM Announcement of VP Nominee Chris Stevens, with a quick rebuttal and withdrawal when Hillary realizes he s someone she got killed in Benghazi11:30 AM Official Nomination of Hillary Bill Maher and Chris Matthews",0
21056,HOW BLACK LIVES MATTER Terrorists And Cop Killings Can Be Traced Back To Barack Hussein Obama,"One of my personal favorite conservative writers, Nick Short has done an amazing job in this piece, where he traces the roots of the Black Lives Matter and cop hating movements to our Divider In Chief. If you re not familiar with his work, Nick Short at politicallyshort.com is worth visiting. His work is supported  by reader donations. If you re so inclined to support him, I m sure he would appreciate it. When the organization known as Black Lives Matter (BLM) was first formed right after George Zimmerman s acquittal in the death of Trayvon Martin on July 13, 2013, most overlooked the true intentions of the group beyond their calls for  justice . Fast forward to today and it can no longer be overlooked that their calls for justice now result in retaliatory violence against those whom they believe are the oppressors, namely those being white people in general and police officers specifically. By tracing the origins of the organization back to its philosophical formation in the 1960 s, we can begin to see how BLM is rooted in the radical ideological beliefs espoused by none other than President Barack Obama.Before we get to that point though, it is crucial for us to understand that BLM was founded by three militant feminists by the name of Alicia Garza, Patrisse Cullors, and Opel Tometi. While each played their part in contributing to the creation of the group, Garza is the driving force as she detailed the philosophy behind BLM in her October 2014 article titled A Herstory of the #BlackLivesMatter Movement. Garza writes the following in regards to BLM s philosophy: Black Lives Matter is a unique contribution that goes beyond extrajudicial killings of Black people by police and vigilantes. It goes beyond the narrow nationalism that can be prevalent within some Black communities, which merely call on Black people to love Black, live Black and buy Black, keeping straight cis Black men in the front of the movement while our sisters, queer and trans and disabled folk take up roles in the background or not at all. Black Lives Matter affirms the lives of Black queer and trans folks, disabled folks, Black-undocumented folks, folks with records, women and all Black lives along the gender spectrum. It centers those that have been marginalized within Black liberation movements. It is a tactic to (re)build the Black liberation movement. Alicia Garza explains why she started the Black Lives Matter terror movement. Notice how she ties her hate for law enforcement into her discussion about taking action against anyone who doesn t agree with their radical tactics:The Activist Web: Alicia Garza from Ford Foundation on Vimeo.The key takeaway from Garza s statement is found in the last two sentences primarily as she notes that BLM was created with the intention to  (re)build the Black liberation movement.  The reason this statement is of utter importance is because it ties directly to the idea of Black Liberation theology, which was the doctrine taught to Obama for over twenty years at his church in Chicago made famous by Obama s pastor, Jeremiah Wright. Black Liberation theology was first formed on July 31, 1966. In an article published by NPR it is noted that: Black liberation theology originated on July 31, 1966, when 51 black pastors bought a full page ad in the New York Times and demanded a more aggressive approach to eradicating racism echo[ing] the demands of the black power movement. What is often overlooked in the formation of the group is the linkage between the Nation of Islam and Black Liberation theology as Wright s mentor and founder of Black Liberation theology James Cone credited Malcolm X with  shaking him out of his theological complacency.  Stanley Kurtz of National Review highlighted this synergy in noting that according to Cone,  The black intellectual s goal is to aid in the destruction of America as he knows it.  Such destruction requires both black anger and white guilt. The black-power theologian s goal is to tell the story of American oppression so powerfully and precisely that white men will  tremble, curse, and go mad, because they will be drenched with the filth of their evil , wrote Cone.In an excerpt from Stanley Kurtz s piece drawing on the influence of Malcom X on Black Liberation theology, Kurtz states:So what exactly is  black power ? Echoing Malcolm X, Cone defines it as  complete emancipation of black people from white oppression by whatever means black people deem necessary.  Open, violent rebellion is very much included in  whatever means ; like the radical anti-colonial theorist Frantz Fanon, on whom he sometimes draws, Cone sees violent rebellion as a transformative expression of the humanity of the oppressed Theologically,  Cone affirms,  Malcolm X was not far wrong when he called the white man the devil. The false Christianity of the white-devil oppressor must be replaced.   Couple these words to Obama s pastor Jeremiah Wright s statement that  there will be no peace in America until whites begin to hate their whiteness  and you can begin to understand that the rhetoric behind Black Lives Matter that blames  white privilege  for virtually everything is rooted in Black Liberation theology. However Wright was radicalized , notes Bud White of NoQuarterUSA,  it is clear that he consciously appropriated the language and tenor of the Nation of Islam.  White documents the following:Wright s statement that 9/11 was deserved retribution ( We have supported state terrorism against the Palestinians and black South Africans America s chickens are coming home to roost ) is a perfect echo of Malcolm X s statement that  The assassination of Kennedy is a result of that way of life and thinking. The chickens came home to roost.  Although it appears that Wright began his focus on Black Liberation Theology sometime after 1966, his racial attitudes and rhetoric have imitated that of NOI since at least 1970. Wright s blaming the United States for creating AIDS to kill minorities is but just one example of his thinking being in lockstep with NOI. The Nation of Islam and Black Liberation Theology are two doors to the same room. Black Liberation Theology is a  palatable  form of  Christian  black nationalism. The fiery anti-American, race-baiting words of Wright, Cone, and others behind the theology of Black Liberation  are from the same philosophical cauldron as the Nation of Islam , concludes White.From the beliefs that served as Obama s bedrock foundation for his ideology, is it any wonder that today that the radicals behind Black Lives Matter and the Nation of Islam are allowed a free pass to incite as much hatred and retaliation against those they deem are the oppressors? As violence has ramped up in the first half of 2015 in targeted assassinations against police officers, little to no coverage by the media is given to a meeting that was hosted by the White House on December 1st.On December 1, 2014, Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Attorney General Eric Holder met with seven Black and Latino organizers   from Ferguson, Mo.; Columbus, Ohio; Miami, Florida; and New York City, who had been leading the ongoing actions to disrupt the status quo. In an article posted by the website FergusonAction, it is explained that during this meeting activists such as Ashley Yates were given the platform by the White House in order to reaffirm their belief that  most violence in our (their) community is coming from the police departments, and something needs to be done about it.  On December 20th  something was done about it  as two uniformed NYPD officers were assassinated in their marked car by Ismaaiyl Brinsley in what Brinsley himself boasted as an act of retaliation for the death of Michael Brown in Missouri and Eric Garner in New York at the hands of the police.The reason Yates is emphasized here is because she, like BlackLivesMatter founder Alicia Garza, praise cop killer and former Black Liberation member Assata Shakur as a martyr for their cause. Yates even created T-shirts and hoodies that read  ASSATA TAUGHT ME  in a reference to Shakur that has become part of BLM s iconography. The fact that the president would even entertain the thought of meeting with those like Yates and other  activists  who hold cop killers as icons for their movement further goes to show how Obama s belief in Black Liberation theology, primarily that retaliation and violence should be used to further their cause, has never left him. Why else would Obama have met with these  activists  unless he was sympathetic to their plight, which given the fact that Obama spent over twenty years of his life listening to Jeremiah Wright s sermons, he very much is. Since this meeting though, what cannot be dismissed is the fact that violence in the form of targeted assassinations of both white people and police officers, have ramped up.And it will only get worse the longer we continue to allow Obama s Department of Justice to remain idly complicit.",0
21057,UNDERCOVER VIDEO EXPOSES Obama’s Lies About “Gun Show Loopholes”,Steven Crowder exposes the lies Obama has been telling Americans every time he steps in front of a microphone to address gun control. The Left will stop at nothing to take our guns. Lying about how easy it is to get a gun through the  gun show loophole  seems to be a coordinated effort by the Left.Please share this video (the truth) with everyone you know.Watch this video expose the lies of the gun control Left: ,0
21058,OBAMA’S OPEN BORDERS Crisis Just Got Real…WHO Warns Of “EXPLOSIVE SPREAD” Of Dangerous Virus [VIDEO],"We recently reported about the deadly Zika virus coming to America from Central America. Today, the WHO Organization is issuing a stern warning about the spread of this deadly virus in the Americas.  US Border Agents warned us about the potentially deadly viruses illegal aliens were bringing across our borders over a year ago. Even CDC employees openly complained about being sick of dealing with the number of sick illegal aliens flowing across our borders. The World Health Organization warned today it expects that the Zika Virus that has spread rapidly through the Americas, particularly South America, to being  spreading explosively  throughout the Americas. One official it expects up to 4 million cases in the region in just the next year.The virus, which is spread by mosquitoes, affects mainly pregnant women, causing debilitating, sometimes deadly, brain damage to fetuses. Although there isn t a direct link, statistics are strong that children born from women who have the virus are more likely to suffer microcephaly, a neurological disorder that result in babies with unusually small heads. Many of the children also suffer Guillain-Barre syndrome, a rare autoimmune disorder that can lead to life-threatening paralysis.The level of concern is high, as is the level of uncertainty,  WHO s director general Dr. Margaret Chan said. We need to get some answers quickly. Dr. Chan called an emergency committee meeting Monday in Geneva, Switzerland, to address the Zika virus  spread. Currently, there is no way to treat Zika and authorities are concentrating their efforts on controlling the mosquito population. Via: OraTVThe virus is transmitted by the bite of Aedes aegypti mosquitos, which are found in all countries in the Americas, including the U.S., bar Canada and mainland Chile.Reports that the disease can be transmitted by sex are unconfirmed by the World Health Organization or the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Protection (CDC). It is unclear if the virus can be transmitted through human blood.Aedes mosquitos also spread the more-common dengue fever and chikungunya. Zika symptoms are typically similar to these viruses, but milder, including fever and skin rash, usually accompanied by conjunctivitis and muscle or joint pain.The outbreak has led to reports of increased numbers of women in Brazil giving birth to babies with microcephaly, a rare condition that causes the brain to develop abnormally in the womb and results in a very small head.In addition, there are reports of adult Zika suffers subsequently developing Guillain-Barre syndrome, another rare but serious nervous system disorder that can cause muscle weakness, poor coordination and paralysis.No direct links between Zika and Guillain-Barre syndrome have yet been established. It is unclear if the virus can be transmitted from mother to child during pregnancy or birth, although this is can occur with both dengue and chikungunya.Cases among travelers returning to mainland U.S. have already been reported and these instances were seen increasing by the CDC, which has warned that imported cases could cause the virus to spread in some areas of the country.The World Health Organization warned on Tuesday that the outbreak would likely reach all countries and territories in the Americas with Aedes mosquitos.Barbados Bolivia Brazil Cape Verde Colombia Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador French Guiana Guatemala Guadeloupe Guyana Haiti Honduras Martinique Mexico Panama Paraguay Puerto Rico Saint Martin Samoa Suriname Venezuela ",0
21059,GUNFIGHT ERUPTS: Muslim Migrants Fight To Keep Minority Christians Out Of Camp in Northern France,"Muslims want the majority Christian nations to accept them and pay for their existence, but will stop at nothing to keep the Christian refugees from staying in camps that are funded by the host nations A gunfight has erupted in a migrant camp in northern France, leaving four people wounded after clashes that were thought to have involved rival gangs of smugglers.Two men were treated overnight for gunshot wounds, a third for stab wounds and a woman for blows to the head following the clashes at the Grande-Synthe camp near Dunkirk.Four people were held for questioning on charges of attempted voluntary homicide. Police believe the fight erupted between rival people smuggling gangs against a backdrop of simmering tensions between Muslims and Christians in the camp.David Michaux, a CRS anti-riot officer from the Unsa Police union, told Le Figaro:  There is a real problem of Muslims and non-Muslims. Most of the camp s 3,000-odd occupants are Muslim Kurds from Iraq, Iran and Syria but a minority are Christians from Iran. The Muslims are trying to expel the Christians from the camp. He added:  A unit of gendarmes was at the Grande-Synthe camp [on Tuesday]. They heard shots fired, around 40 according to their estimates. Grande-Synthe is 22 miles away from the so-called  Jungle  camp in Calais. Via: National Posth/t Gateway Pundit",0
21060,OBAMA’S RADICAL DHS Chief Vows To “Protect” Muslims From Americans During Speech At DC Mosque,"The Muslims faith must be protected at all costs it s the Obama way During a news briefing delivered at the All Dulles Area Muslim Society mosque in Washington, D.C., following the San Bernardino shooting, Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson vowed to  protect  Muslims from the same sort of  fear, suspicions and prejudice  that haunted suspected communists during the era of McCarthyism.And in making this vow, Johnson specifically pointed to his grandfather, reported the government watchdog group Judicial Watch, whose members managed to observe the briefing despite the mosque s leaders attempting to kick them out. In 1949, during the McCarthy era, my own grandfather was called upon to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee, to deny he was a member of the Communist Party and defend the patriotism of African-Americans,  Johnson said.  Today his grandson is responsible for the homeland security of this entire nation. Johnson sees a connection between the actions of deceased Sen. Joseph McCarthy, who used unsubstantiated accusations of communism to target anyone who dared criticize either him or the federal government, and the burgeoning movement to clamp down on radical Islamic terrorism. As Muslim terrorism hits closer and closer to home, our Homeland Security chief views the war on Islamic terrorism as a another Red scare, where Muslim terrorist suspects are Red-baited like his grandfather,  the editorial board for Investor s Business Daily wrote regarding this revelation.  No wonder this administration isn t interested in monitoring radical Muslims for terrorist connections. The irony seems thick, given that the only ones behaving like McCarthy have been President Barack Obama and his cronies, including Johnson, all of whom use disingenuous labels like Islamophobe and bigot to shut down anyone who dares speak critically about Islam or point out its obvious ties to radical terrorism. Via: CT",0
21061,ACTOR ROB LOWE Blasts Greedy Socialist Bernie Sanders,"It s always fun when Hollywood shows a conservative side. Rob Low does just that with his Twitter bashing of socialist whack job Bernie Sanders. Good stuff! Actor Rob Lowe invoked his  West Wing  character Sam Seaborn to blast Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders  communication style Monday night in CNN s Democratic Town Hall.Mr. Sanders attacked Wall Street for corporate greed and  recklessness,  while warning that the wealthy would have to pay more taxes under his presidency. Watching Bernie Sanders. He s hectoring and yelling at me WHILE he s saying he s going to raise our taxes. Interesting way to communicate,  Mr. Lowetweeted to his 1.22 million followers.This prompted some to ask Mr. Lowe what his  West Wing  character, a Democratic deputy White House communications director, would have advised Mr. Sanders to do instead. He would say:  modulate, senator,  Mr. Lowewrote, linking to a clip from the show, where his character took issue with some people on his own side pushing for increased taxes on the country s highest earners, CNN reported. I m not talking about policy. I m talking about rhetoric, and the men you work for need to dial it down to five,  Mr. Lowe says in the clip.VIA: WT",0
21062,Refugee Living In England Arrested For Threatening To “Cut Out His Wife’s Heart” Because She Was Becoming “Too English”,"Here is just one more, in a long line of stories, that prove these  poor refugees escaping persecution  have no desire to assimilate in their gracious host countries.A KOSOVAN refugee who threatened to cut out his wife s heart because she had become  too English  has been jailed.Behar Kasemi told police that women in Kosovo were supposed to  obey their husbands and look after the children  after he was arrested on suspicion of domestic violence.He spat at magistrates as he was jailed for four weeks for breaching a Domestic Violence Prevention Notice imposed on him by police after he was arrested.The order, banning him from going back to his marital home, was made last Friday after Kasemi threatened to cut out his wife s heart.Detective Constable Rob Sweeney said he was  aggressive  during his interview and had described his wife as having become  too English .He told officers:  In my country it is for the women to obey their husbands and look after the children. Magistrates heard Kasemi breached the order to stay away from his wife within hours of it being imposed.His terrified wife called police and he was arrested hours after first being released in Swindon, Wilts.Magistrates heard the original order meant when police released him on bail at 2.20am he had nowhere to go so he went home.Kasemi spat at the glass in the dock during the hearing before Swindon magistrates as he admitted breaching the order.Wayne Hardy, defending, said the Kosovan didn t know what else to do after he was eventually released in the middle of the night.He criticised the police for not helping him or arranging to accompany him to collect his belongings or money from the family home.Magistrates also criticised police.Via: Express UK",0
21063,MICHELLE OBAMA Dishes Dirt On Barack: “He barely got his work done…He was a bum!” [VIDEO],"Thanks for the intel Mooch. Outside of his ambition to fundamentally change America, we re pretty sure nothing has changed since the first day our entitled  President  entered the Oval Office ",0
21064,WATCH: EBONY MAGAZINE EDITOR Destroy Hillary With One Embarrassing Question,"For years now, Hillary has been able to avoid answering tough questions by simply cackling laughing. Ebony Magazine s editor-in-chief Kierna Mayo, doesn t appear to be willing to let Hillary off the hook so easily when it comes to her pandering for the  Black vote. Enjoy the ride Hillary, it looks like this may finally be the end of the road for you and your U.S. Presidential aspirations https://youtu.be/ckJg7hZubMA",0
21065,ALL HELL BREAKS LOOSE IN FRANCE…,"How socialism and political correctness are destroying a nation We reported about the crime and chaos taking place in France, as Muslim migrants who have no intention of assimilating, have flooded their country. The border town of Calais is a disaster, with migrants camping in  the jungle  hoping to catch a ride across the border into the UK. France is also seeing a massive increase in rapes and sexual assault crimes by the  grateful  refugees.  Every day 33 rapes are reported in France, that s one every 40 minutes!  So far today, 20 have been arrested in French taxi driver, air traffic controller and  teacher protests as riots are taking place in 2 major cities. Farmers blocked roads and burned tires, as they protested only yesterday against the prices of dairy and meat products in the province of Brittany. It would appear to the casual observer, that socialism and political correctness are not working out too well for France. What do you think?  Taxi drivers in France are blockading roads with burning tires in protest at the low-cost Uber app, resulting in at least 20 arrests. Air traffic controllers are also staging a demonstration, leading to dozens of canceled flights.At least 20 arrests had already been made by 10 a.m. local time, following taxi driver protests around major cities including Paris and Marseille.Drivers blocked roads with burning tires, prompting the arrival of riot police and firefighters. Some drivers had set pre-dawn bonfires which authorities had to put out.Des pneus br lent sur le p riph rique #PorteMaillot pic.twitter.com/CfMyOKhyJQ  Paul Louis (@paul_louis11) January 26, 2016Hundreds of taxis, joined by a few from Belgium and Spain, blocked a massive intersection leading into western Paris, causing huge disruption to the area.The taxi drivers are protesting over working conditions and competition from non-traditional services such as Uber.Uber drivers  vandalize professionals who are paying taxes, who respect the rules,  Rachid Boudjema, president of the taxi drivers union in Marseille, told AP.In response to the protests, Uber sent a message to its French customers which said that the goal of the demonstrations was  to put pressure on the government to limit competition. Here is an example of a violent clash today in Paris:Meanwhile, a planned walkout from air traffic controllers prompted the French civil aviation authority, DGAC, to call on airlines to cancel one in five flights.EasyJet said it had cancelled 35 flights, although Air France said it would operate more than 80 percent of its short and medium-haul flights in France and Europe. It did, however, stress that  last-minute delays or cancellations cannot be ruled out. Hundreds of thousands of civil servants and teachers also went on strike on Tuesday, protesting against a pay freeze and poor salaries. Teachers are scheduled to march in cities across the country on Tuesday afternoon.It s the newest challenge to Francois Hollande s Socialist government and its stop/start efforts to modernize the economy, in response to low economic growth and record-high unemployment. Earlier this month, Hollande announced what he called a  state of economic and social emergency,  involving a  2 billion (US$2.1 billion) plan to revive hiring and catch up with the world s economy.The protests come just one day after French farmers demonstrated against the prices of dairy and meat products in the province of Brittany, blocking roads and burning tires. The farmers demanded that prices be increased because the proceeds from their sale don t cover the cost of production. Via: RTWatch shocking video of Calais residents attacked by migrants in front of their home: ",0
21066,PARENTS FURIOUS After Austrian Teacher Changes Lyrics In Christian Hymn From “God’s” To “Allah’s” Love Is So Great,"A teacher at a school in Wels in upper Austria simply changed the hymn  God s love is so wonderful  to  Allah s love is so wonderful .An angry father confronted the local school board, demanding they correct the lyrics,  But you can not just rewrite a text! There is huge uproar in Vogelweide primary school in Wels. The 4th year class teacher (where a majority of the children are Muslim) created a text by hand: throughout the entire hymn, the word  God  was replaced in handwriting by the word  Allah .After the incident was brought to the attention of the School Inspector Karin Lang, he immediately corrected the situation with the teacher concerned and the school principal.Via: krone.at",0
21067,FLINT RESIDENTS TOLD TO PAY BILLS FOR POISON WATER Or They May Have Their Children Taken Away,"You seriously can t make this up. This Democrat run city is officially out of control. We reported before that the EPA knew about this crisis long before they told anyone, yet the media and the Left continues to try to pin the blame squarely on Michigan s Republican Governor. This latest threat is just another  black eye  for the officials handling the Flint, MI water crisis As the water crisis in Flint deepens, it is becoming apparent that the effects of the lead-infested water are not just a health hazard, but the situation has the potential of ruining many more lives outside of the poison issue. There is no denying that the water in Flint is undrinkable and that it is contaminated with lead and other substances, and it is clear that the government of Flint is responsible for the problem.However, the city s government continues to charge people for the poison water and then threatening to foreclose their home or take their children if they refuse to pay. Michigan law states that parents are neglectful if they do not have running water in their home, and if they chose not to pay for water they can t drink anyway, then they could be guilty of child endangerment.Activists in Flint say that some residents have already received similar threats from the government if they refuse to pay their bills.Flint residents have recently filed two class action lawsuits calling for all water bills since April of 2014 to be considered null and void because of the fact that the water was poisonous. We are seeking for the court to declare that all the bills that have been issued for usage of water invalid because the water has not been fit for its intended purpose,  said Trachelle Young, one of the attorneys bringing the lawsuit, in court. Essentially, the residents have been getting billed for water that they cannot use. Because of that, we do not feel that is a fair way to treat the residents,  Young added.Recent estimates have indicated that it could take up to 15 years and over $60 million to fix the problem, and the residents will be essentially forced to live there until the problem is solved. Despite the fact that the issue is obviously the government s responsibility, they have made it illegal for people to sell their homes because of the fact that they are known to carry contaminated water. Meanwhile, residents are still left to purchase bottled water on their own, in addition to paying their water bill.Although this problem is finally getting national media attention in Flint, they aren t the only city with contaminated water supplies. In fact, a recent report published by The Guardian showed that public water supplies across the country were experiencing similar issues.This crisis highlights the many dangers of allowing the government to maintain a monopoly on the water supply and calls attention to the fact that decentralized solutions to water distribution should be a goal that we start working towards.Via: DC Clothesline",0
21068,CHECK OUT NEW BEN & JERRY’S FLAVOR: Touting America’s Favorite Socialist,"In 2016, Ben & Jerry s co-founder, Ben Cohen s net worth was estimated to be $150 Million. In typical liberal fashion, Ben s fine with sitting on an astronomical net worth, he just wants to make sure the government has the ability to take even more from the every day American s paycheck Ben & Jerry s co-founder Ben Cohen announced Monday he has created a new flavor celebrating Benrie Sanders s White House run. Nothing is so unstoppable as a flavor whose time has finally come,  Cohen wrote on his Facebook page alongside a picture displaying a pint of  Bernie s Yearning  ice cream.The new flavor isn t an official Ben and Jerry s ice cream. Jerry and I have been constituents of Bernie Sanders for the last 30 years,  Cohen said of the longtime Vermont senator. But he noted that his company with fellow co-founder Jerry Greenfield is not directly involved with the flavor.Who knew the political revolution could taste so sweet? https://t.co/zMMt60MHRe h/t @YoBenCohen #BerniesYearning pic.twitter.com/2v2MSbDMU5  WorkingFamiliesParty (@WorkingFamilies) January 25, 2016 We ve seen him and we believe him,  he continued on a website touting the ice cream.  When we re out speaking on his behalf people always ask if there s a Ben and Jerry s flavor. There s not,  Cohen added.  But if I were going to come up with one, this is what it would be. Cohen s website describes  Bernie s Yearning  as plain mint ice cream beneath a solid layer of chocolate on top. The chocolate disc represents the huge majority of economic gains that gone to the top 1 percent since the end of the recession,  the flavor s packaging states.  Beneath it, the rest of us.Eating instructions include taking a spoon and whacking the chocolate disc  into lots of pieces ; mixing the chocolate pieces around; and sharing the result with  your fellow Americans. Via: The Hill",0
21069,"PROMINENT DEMOCRAT CLAIMS Old, White, Leftist Males Are Waiting In The Wings For Hillary To Fall","The  party of diversity  waits for Hillary to be dragged out of the primary in handcuffs kicking and screaming  Former GOP presidential candidate George Pataki is predicting that Democrat Hillary Clinton s  legal issues  will force an outside candidate to jump into the 2016 White House race as a white knight. People talk about the problems in the Republican Party, but I think Democrats have a bigger problem,  the former New York governor told host John Catsimatidis on  The Cats Roundtable  on New York s AM-970 on Sunday. Hillary Clinton is cratering, the scandals just keep coming. She has grave legal issues that could totally prevent her from continuing her campaign, and the alternative is a self-avowed socialist who has never run anything. Pataki added that it would not surprise him to see an  outsider jump into the race  like Vice President Joe Biden, California Gov. Jerry Brown or Secretary of State John Kerry. Despite his previous pronouncements that Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump has no chance at the GOP nomination, Pataki conceded that his prediction isn t borne out by reality. He s just tapped into anger towards Washington, anger towards politicians,  he said. I understand the anger, but the solution is not to get behind someone who expresses the anger but does not have the necessary solution. I hope people coalesce around somebody who has a positive vision about how to bring Americans together. Via: The Hill",0
21070,JESSE JACKSON STYLE SHAKEDOWN: NAACP President Caught Selling Endorsements For Political Candidates,"Making a political endorsement by the NAACP completely irrelevant You d think in order to get an endorsement from the NAACP or its members that you d have to demonstrate loyalty and allegiance to black causes, but you d be wrong. All it takes is some cold hard cash. An NAACP chapter president is offering up political endorsements from a Political Action Committee he represents in exchange for a fat stack of Ben Franklins.Hezekiah Jackson is the Birmingham, AL NAACP chapter president. He is also the co-chair of Team Seven, a powerful local PAC whose endorsements promise to deliver votes from the black community. Team Seven is hosting a banquet on February 4 for local candidates to connect with voters. Of course this banquet is not free to the candidates, but there s something even dirtier about it.I know that I wrote in my headline that Jackson was busted for selling endorsements, which implies he was sneaking around and got caught. In actuality, he was flaunting this pay-off scheme and didn t care who noticed. According to AL.com, Jackson sent the following e-mail to candidates he hoped would slide a little money his way. It s basically a list of how much things cost and what you get for it:1. Deadline to submit payment is Friday, January 23, 2016 to me (Jackson) or Pastor Webb (Ad committee co-chair Gwen Webb).2. Candidates purchasing an ad ($500) will have two minutes to speak.3. Candidates purchasing a table ($500) will have two minutes to speak.4. Candidates purchasing a combo (ad   $250 and table for eight   $500 = $750) will have three minutes to speak.Pay close attention to the next one:5. Candidates who do not purchase an ad nor a table WILL NOT be considered for endorsement.Did you get that? The candidates either pay up or they won t even be considered for an endorsement from Jackson s PAC. No matter how you look at it, that s unethical as hell and probably illegal. Political Action Committees are bound by certain laws and I d like to believe shaking down politicians for endorsements is a big no-no.This is a classic Al Sharpton race-hustling scheme. You want an endorsement? You want to be absolved of offending the black community? You want to avoid bad press and a boycott? Just pay some tribute to the good Reverend and he ll handle everything. Some may see this as extortion, but to Sharpton it s just black activism. Via: DownTrend",0
21071,"HARD-CORE, CONSERVATIVE, Street Artist, Sabo Videotapes Visit From Secret Service…Who Is This Guy? Why Does Obama Fear Him?","He s a controversial, conservative artist and he s coming after the Left. He s an outspoken, brave, modern-day Patriot, and he s not afraid to venture where conservatives have never gone. Sabo (his pseudonym) has shocked many liberals, and conservatives alike with his edgy artwork. It would be an understatement to say that he is constantly pushing the envelope. Whether you agree or disagree with him, conservatives should be thanking Sabo for utilizing his 1st Amendment Right, as he takes the fight against the Left to the streets of cities across America.If you want to help Sabo to create more of these important anti-Left messages leading up to the next election and beyond, please consider donating to him HERE. He s working to get an important message out to Americans, and more specifically to the younger voter. The only thing that pays for his supplies and his bill are donations from his supporters. Please consider helping him out. Here is his website: unsavoryagents.com and his STOREHere is an example of Sabo s most recent work:  Here is one of our personal favorites:  Hillary s baggage   When Democrat candidates come to town for a fundraiser, Sabo tries to have a surprise message waiting for them, like this great piece waiting for Hillary in Greenwich, CT: Here s a great welcome sign waiting for Hillary on the way to one of her fundraisers (courtesy of Sabo): And then there were the  special mile markers  created just for the Los Angeles Marathon:   The Obama Drone signs are some of our personal favorites. If Americans were smart, they d forgo a few hours of entertainment and stop funding these Hollywood freaks who support the destruction of our nation: He s not afraid to call out race baiters like Al Sharpton: And cry-baby college students looking for  safe spaces  are not immune to his counter-message. This poster mocks the #BlackLivesMatter (Anti-White) movement, and was plastered across the street from a college fraternity house: Sabo used this great illustration to point out the entitlement mentality of the Clinton Crime Syndicate who believes the throne (our White House) rightfully belongs to Hillary: Sabo makes no secret of his support for Ted Cruz. He has been a loyal supporter for years. This piece of art he created illustrates the kick ass, take-no-prisoners style of Ted Cruz that both the GOP and Left despise: Here is an interview with Glenn Beck that explains what motivates Sabo, and why he chose to use street art to get a conservative message out to Americans:Is it any wonder when Sabo saw this message from Obama s Secret Service hanging on his door, he wasn t too surprised? Sabo called the agent listed on the door hanger and scheduled a meeting at his home for 10 a.m. on Wednesday. Before the interview, Sabo posted the above image and alerted his Facebook friends and Twitter followers about the pending visit. Shortly after the Secret Service visit, Sabo posted a video that claims to cover most of the entire interview. Sabo told TheBlaze there was a little more to it, but  I just wanted to get it out.  You can watch the video of the visit here: (Warning: The video has some objectionable images and the dialogue contains profanity)Here is one of the tweets that supposedly brought the Secret Service to Sabo s door:A MESSAGE TO THE SECRET SERVICE. I HAVE $10,000 IN HAND WHICH I WILL USE BUY A MONTH OF COLUMBIAN HOOKERS FOR YOU TO LOOK THE OTHER WAY.  unsavoryagents (@unsavoryagents) September 29, 2014Here is a video showing how Sabo creates his street art:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>THE BITCH IS BACKPosted by Unsavoryagents on Sunday, October 23, 2011From Sabo s Website unsavoryagents.com : Bush the Younger was elected President and the claws came out in Hollywood. I lost my friends along with a great deal of peace. It was not a good time to be a Republican in Hollywood. There was no place I could go where I wasn t punched in the face by some sort of art defining who I was for being a Republican. Evil, Bigotted, Homophobic, Out of Touch, Rich, Greedy, on and on. And then I snapped. Why was the Left allowed to define me and where are the dissenting voices from the Right setting the record straight? Creatively speaking, no one. I believe the Right has a great message, sadly the only people telling it are those on the Left and they do a damn fine job making us look like ass holes and what do Republicans do about it, NOT A DAMN THING!!! Fuck it! I guess it s just going to have to be me, I thought. My aim as an artist is to be as dirty, ground level, and mean as any Liberal artist out there, more so if I can. Use their tactics, their methods, appeal to their audience, the young, urban , street urchins with a message they never hear in a style they own. My name is SABO, I m an UNSAVORYAGENT.",0
21072,"TORONTO IMAM WANTS MUSLIMS To Only Do Business With Muslims, Work Together To Implement Sharia Law","We hear so much talk from the Left about working to help foreigners  assimilate. Yet here we have a prominent Imam calling for the segregation of Muslims from their host nation. How is this okay? Shaykh Said Rageah (     ) was born in Somalia and in the late 80s and moved to North America. Rageah has a Bachelor s in Islamic studies and a Masters in Shari ah and he has had several posts over the years, including: founder of Masjid Huda in Montreal and Masjid Aya in Maryland, advisor for Muslim Youth magazine, and member in the Aqsa Association.He is also the founder of both Muslim Magazine and Al Aqsa Association, and served as the Chaplain at both the University of Calgary and the Southern Alberta Institute of Technology (SAIT). He served as an Imam at the Abu Hurairah Mosque in Toronto, the Chairman for the Journey of Faith Conference and as an instructor for the AlMaghrib Institute.In a sermon delivered at Abu Hurairah Centre in Toronto (the video was uploaded to YouTube on February 8, 2009), Imam Rageah called on Canadian Muslims to unite and translate their demography into a political and economic power that is necessary to make the government allow Muslims to implement the Islamic Law (Sharia) in their communities and to change the foreign policy.Rageah spoke in favour of following the example of the Sikh neighbourhood in Edmonton, Alberta, by bringing the Muslim community to live together in one area in which the authorities will not be able to make any decision without the approval of the Muslims.He urges Muslims to hire only Muslim workers, to buy products or services only from Muslim-owned businesses and to avoid advertising with media outlets owned by kafir, meaning unbeliever or infidel. In this way, he maintained, Canadian Muslims can strengthen themselves and live according to Islam.The following is a transcript of segments from Rageah s sermon:  With four, five [hundred] thousand Muslims you can create the most powerful lobby in Canada  with that number of Muslims you can create one of the strongest Muslim business in Toronto   If you just put our resources, if we put our resources together, if we can work together as an Ummah [Muslim nation] we can change a lot As Muslims, we are scattered all over the city. You have people living in Brampton, you have people living in Mississauga, you have people living in Whitby, you have people living in Richmond Hill. Imagine if we all get together in one area. In the City of Edmonton, the Sikh, Sikh, they live in one neighbourhood and nothing can be changed or done without their approval. We here we may as well benefit from the system that they have here. What can you do with unity? A lot. You can change a lot. You can change the foreign policy of this country. You can change how the Muslims think. You can even when need help, when you need help you call Muslim for your need you will help the Muslim community Brothers in the masjid [Mosque] right now, they are coming up with the magazine or newspaper called Ummah Times. What Ummah Times is that? Ummah Times is advertising all your businesses all the Muslim businesses [are] Ummah.  All you need to do   I will never advertise with a kafir [unbeliever, infidel], there you go. I hear some advertisements giving to 680 News $5,000. Before your Muslim brothers $50 and $80 or $100 we think twice before we do it. Unless we work together, the day we need a truck driver we know where to find truck drivers. The day that I need a cab I should have a number of a Muslim cab it s ok, pick me up. When I wan to see a doctor, only Muslim doctor. When I want to hire someone only Muslim worker. Then we can strengthen ourselves. This is the way and this is the only way we can exist in the society, living according to Islam. When the Sharia [Islamic Law], when the government of Toronto, Ontario gave us a break and said: deal your internal affairs based on your Sharia [Islamic Law] we did not go and say: Those few people are Ismailis and Ahmadis, they are not even Muslims. Why would they speak on behalf of Muslims. But, we say no, we keep quiet and see and watch what happens, and then the result was that they said  we will never allow you to rule yourselves, your internal affairs based on the Shariah My brothers in faith [     ], anything that happens in your Muslim community, in the City of Toronto, anything that can be done, five hundred thousand Muslims that is a great number, large number, you can do a lot, work together. Let s be an Ummah [nation] Take your children to Islamic schools. Take your vehicle to Muslim owned business. If you buy a vehicle make sure there is a Muslim business or car dealer that sells cars. If you want to do anything just ask if that individual is a Muslim or not. If he is not, then look for a Muslim, because I m sure you ll find a Muslim. I m sure you ll find a Muslim in that field    O Allah, Raise the standing of Islam and the Muslims [       ], and humiliate the infidels and the polytheists.  [     ]Via: Creeping Sharia",0
21073,MUSLIM REFUGEES DUMP GARBAGE In Streets To Protest Insufficient Wi-Fi In Housing,"Complaints over lack of wi-fi, no professional cleaning service in their villas and even a refusal to be fingerprinted in Greece upon their exit to other European countries. It s almost as if they re not really grateful for the generosity of the taxpayers who are funding their existence African and Middle-Eastern migrants in an Italian town are protesting insufficient Wi-Fi at their settlement by dumping their garbage into the streets.According to The Local, which cites the Italian-language La Repubblica, a group of two dozen Sub-Saharan African migrants in the town of Ceranova are outraged that a lack of free Wi-Fi at the villa they live in is preventing them from using Skype to communicate with family members back in Africa.The protesters are also angry that the villa doesn t have a professional cleaner to keep things tidy.At first, the protest took the form of migrants marching in the streets and blocking traffic, but now things have escalated and the migrants have begun dumping their trash into the streets to make their point. The stunt led to a confrontation between townsfolk and the migrants, which may have become violent if not for the intervention of the local mayor along with three police officers. Afterwards, a 24-year-old migrant who led the demonstration was kicked out of the refugee facility.The migrants have been living in Ceranova, a small town of about 1,000 people located about 15 miles south of Milan, since July. They are just a small portion of over 120,000 migrants who have arrived in Italy this year, mostly by boat from Africa.At least one Italian is sympathetic to their demands. Obviously it s very important for refugees to have access to the Internet and not just so they can stay in touch with their families,  refugee center manager Barbara Spezzi told The Local.  The Internet helps refugees keep up to date with what s going on at home and in Italy which helps them integrate into Italian life. It s also a great learning tool too: we had a case of a girl who was following her university lectures on YouTube. The stunt has become fodder for Italian politics, with members of the regionalist, anti-immigration Northern League party using it to bolster their arguments against generous refugee policies. They wan t someone to clean their homes   can you believe it?  said party leader Matteo Salvani. He joked that Laura Boldrini, a socialist and president of the Chamber of Deputies (Italy s parliament), should be sent to do the cleaning.There have been assorted cases of migrants reacting badly to their conditions or to the actions of European authorities. Last week, for instance, Eritrean migrants on the Italian island of Lampedusa (a hub for migrants arriving from Africa) marched in protest against requirements that they be fingerprinted before being allowed to leave the island. Some have apparently even launched a hunger strike against the requirement.Via: Daily Caller ",0
21074,VIRAL VIDEO: German Youth Deliver Powerful Anti-Refugee Message To Political Leaders: “We are ready for the Reconquista!”,"Reconquista, English Reconquest, in medieval Spain and Portugal, a series of campaigns by Christian states to recapture territory from the Muslims (Moors), who had occupied most of the Iberian Peninsula in the early 8th century.They may be young, but they re taking a clear and decisive stand against a government who clearly has no concern for their faith, their heritage, the rich history of their nation, an unbiased education or the future of the citizens of Germany.This is a powerful message and needs to be share with everyone:Translated from YouTube:A youth is forming to recapture their identity! #ZukunftEuropaA generation, a fate one last chance!This is not just a motto, but daily incentive of a movement that sees itself as a living covenant and as a community of fate! We are a movement of young people who resists the left liberal indoctrination!We can no longer remain silent! We see how the values and cultural decline progresses, as our home and our traditions are increasingly destroyed and how the freedom of political correctness gives way.We are united by fate to be the last generation that can turn things around again! What unites us is the self-knowledge to be the phalanx, which it needs to take action against the self-destructive, prevailing multicultural ideology that drives the mass immigration and Islamization, and thus the ultimate disappearance of thousands of years old family of nations and cultural tradition called Europe.We stand together in our quest to protect our homeland, the restoration of freedom and sovereignty of our country and fight for the preservation of our ethno cultural identity!But with idealism alone this fight is not to lead! Courage, dedication and sacrifice will not suffice to stand up as a young person against the predominant players in the debt pride and multicultural madness for a livable Germany. We need your support! ",0
21075,DANISH CITY OVERRUN WITH MUSLIM MIGRANTS Makes Pork Mandatory On All Municipal Menus,"Assimilate or go hungry  Human rights lawyers descend in 5 4 3 2 1 COPENHAGEN, Denmark   A Danish city has ordered pork to be mandatory on municipal menus, including for schools and daycare centers, with politicians insisting the move is necessary for preserving the country s food traditions and is not an attack on Muslims.Frank Noergaard, a member of the council in Randers that narrowly approved the decision earlier this week, says it was made to ensure that pork remains  a central part of Denmark s food culture. Denmark is a major pork producer and it is the most popular meat, but it is forbidden to Muslims and Jews. Most of the asylum-seekers who have arrived in the country in the past months are Muslim.Noergaard, a member of the anti-immigration, populist Danish People s Party that proposed the council motion, said Thursday that it wasn t meant as a  harassment of Muslims,  but added that he had received  several complaints about too many concessions  being made to Muslims in the small, predominantly Lutheran country. The signal we want to send here is that if you re a Muslim and you plan to come to Randers, don t expect you can impose eating habits on others. Pork here is on an equal footing with other food,  Noergaard told The Associated Press. He said that halal meat, vegetarian dishes and diets for diabetics would still be available.In 2013, then-Prime Minister Helle Thorning-Schmidt lashed out at some nurseries after they started serving halal-butchered meat instead of pork because Muslim children had refused to eat it. Via: AP Newsh/t Weasel Zippers",0
21076,"FLASHBACK: BERNIE SANDERS’ Socialist Democrat Party Asks, “Why Not Peace With Hitler?” [VIDEO]","If I found out my college-age daughter was attending a Bernie Sanders rally, she would #FeelTheBern when her tuition payments were shut off. And for all of the parents who say  it s just a phase  or  they ll eventually come around,  you re not teaching your kids anything. If your child is out campaigning for a declared Democrat Socialist, whose primary goal it is to take what you ve earned and give it to someone else, you should be ashamed of yourself for providing financial support to your self-absorbed child.We live in the greatest nation on earth. It s hard to even fathom that we have a declared Democrat-Socialist even registering in the polls.  Here s a great flashback video that was taken in NYC in 1941, and posted by Weasel Zippers.  It perfectly illustrates what the pacifist, Socialist Democrat party is all about. Can you imagine what our world would look like today if the majority of Americans took these people seriously?We ve spent the last 7 years watching our President go from nation to nation apologizing for the greatness of America. We don t need another pacifist leading our nation, we need strong leader who will restore our international reputation. We need a President who believes in the greatness of America and will do everything in their power to reverse the damage our current President has done.Make sure you share this video with friends and family. ",0
21077,COMEDY GOLD ON DETROIT NEWS: “Willy” Dumps His Tires In The Wrong Spot [Video],Charlie LeDuff is legend in Detroit but this is a classic: ,0
21078,HOLLYWOOD ‘HAS BEEN’ HYPOCRITE Danny DeVito Tells America: “We Are A Bunch Of Racists” [VIDEO],"If you can t get an acting role in Hollywood, you might want to grab a microphone and make an asinine statement. 15 seconds of  fame progressive propaganda is apparently better than no fame all A quick look at DeVito s producer credits reveals that he is speaking primarily for himself. This is an individual with the actual power to cast black actors, make black films, and instead goes the full-whitey.DeVito even co-opted the Civil Rights-era  Freedom Riders  to make a white bread movie called  Freedom Writers  where the top four actors are white and the patronizing story is about whitey swooping in to save poor minority kids.Via: Breitbart News",0
21079,WHEN DIVERSITY TRUMPS ALL: Bishop Of London Suggests Vicars Should Reach Out To Muslims By Making This Major Change In Their Appearance,"If the beard is a way to honor the prophet Mohammed in the Muslim faith, why would a Christian leader ask his subordinates to adhere to a such an obligation?Clergymen should grow beards to emphasise their holiness to Muslims, the Bishop of London has suggested.Rt Reverend Richard Chartres said the modern fashion for facial hair should not be the preserve of hispters, but would also be likely to impress those from Eastern cultures where wearing a beard could mark a man out as holy.He singled out two priests in Tower Hamlets   the Rev. Adam Atkinson, Vicar of St Peter s church in Bethnal Green, and Rev. Cris Rogers of All Hallows Bow   who have grown bushy beards. Writing in the Church Times, Rev. Chartres, who himself sports a  modest  beard, said:  The discovery that two of the most energetic priests in east London had recently grown beards of an opulence that would not have disgraced a Victorian sage prompted me to look again at the barbate debate throughout Church history.The Rev Cris Rogers, Vicar of All Hallows, BowMuslim men are encouraged to wear beards to honor the Prophet Mohammed. The two priests work in parishes in Tower Hamlets. Most of the residents are Bangladeshi-Sylheti, for whom the wearing of a beard is one of the marks of a holy man. He said the desire of the clergy of Tower Hamlets to  reach out to the culture of the majority of their parishioners can only be applauded .Via: UK Daily Mail",0
21080,IS LONDON About To Elect Its First MUSLIM Mayor? [VIDEO],London is about to find out why putting political correctness before your country is a bad idea By BI: Sooner than you think if the Labour (far left) Party has anything to do with it. Labour has chosen Sadiq Khan as its candidate for Mayor of Londonistan in 2016   a Muslim career politician with strong sympathies for Islamic radicals and extremists.https://youtu.be/dHOYOrThmdsVia: Shoebat.com,0
21081,"GRAB THE POPCORN: “Best Actress” Nominee On Oscar Boycott, “It’s anti-white racism…Maybe the black actors don’t deserve to be on the final stretch?’","This is about to get interesting. The Hollywood elite that has been imposing their liberal moral code on the rest of America for decades (without having to exhibit a shred of moral decency), is just about to be put to the test  Charlotte Rampling has accused those complaining about a shortage of black nominees at this year s Oscars of  anti- white racism .The 69-year-old, who is up for the Best Actress award, said that people should not be  classified    adding that nominations should be based on the performance.Responding to stars who have threatened to boycott the ceremony next month, she told a radio station yesterday:  One can never really know but perhaps the black actors did not deserve to make the final list. Miss Rampling s remarks follow a week of debate about nominations for the Academy Awards, after it was revealed that no black actors were shortlisted for the second year running. There have been calls for a boycott, with Jada Pinkett Smith   wife of Hollywood actor Will Smith   writing on Facebook that:  We must stand in our power. Begging for acknowledgement or even asking [to be nominated] diminishes dignity. It diminishes power and we are a dignified people. Others have demanded that the Academy bring in quotas   however this was met with criticism from Miss Rampling.Speaking to French radio station Europe 1 yesterday, the British star said:  Why classify people? We live in countries where everyone is more or less accepted. There are always issues like  he is less good looking  or  he is too black . There is always someone who says  you are too . So are we going to say that we will categorise all that to make lots of minorities everywhere? She said that she did not think racism played into the nomination process and that the lack of black stars up for awards could be because they have not earned them.She added:  [The complaints are] anti-white racism. Maybe the black actors don t deserve to be on the final stretch? Fellow acting veteran Sir Michael Caine also weighed into the debate yesterday. He told the Today programme:  You can t vote for an actor because he s black   and you can t just say  I m going to vote for him, he s not very good, but he s black, I ll vote for him . You have to give a good performance and I m sure people have. I saw Idris Elba (in Beasts Of No Nation)  I thought he was wonderful.  Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
21082,"GERMANY CRISIS ESCALATES: Muslim Migrants Masturbating in Pools, Defecating In Showers And Pool, Storm Women’s Locker Rooms","What a great place to take the whole family!Welcome to the liberal utopia of Germany Things are so bad authorities are posting no defecating in the shower signs.Via Instapundit:The migrants have also tried to storm them women s locker room. Der Bild reported (translated) via Vlad Tepes:Outrageous accusations coming from the Zwickau Townhall: According to B der GmbH, (Baths Inc.) refugees are masturbating and defecating into the water. And they also harass women in the Sauna and have tried to storm the women s changing rooms.All this and more is written in a report from January 19th. Rainer Kallwait, ordinance department leader for B der GmbH, wrote the report for the safety related services of B der GmbH. The city administration has confirmed the authenticity of the report.Kallweit writes of a memo from Johannisbad Swimming Pool. In it it says, among other things: One asylum seeker masturbated in the whirlpool and ejaculated into the water. It is recorded on surveillance camera.  And,  The swimming pool supervisor threw him out. The asylum seeker came back with comrades to get his cell phone. Together the  visitors , hooting and jeering, took a selfie in the whirlpool. The day before  8 foreign men  were in the Sauma .  The local people felt harassed. When women are in the Sauna, asylum seekers are now told that the Sauna is closed. In general refugees only have free access to the swimming pool. They would have to pay for the use of the Sauna. But they won t do that, according to B der GmbH:  When they were prompted to pay up at the register, they turned around, laughed and left. Similar can be read in a memo of  Gl ck-Auf-Schwimmhalle , Halle, in Kallwait s report. A group of  youths, single men and children with guardians  visited said pool in Halle on January 9th. Since none of them could swim,  they used the kids pool. The users contaminated the pool by way of emptying their intestines. Local guests immediately left the pool. Here s another sign telling migrants to not grab women s butts at the pool.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21083,ABORTION Employees Give GUT-WRENCHING Accounts Of LIVE BABY KILLINGS: “twisting the head off the neck with his own bare hands” [VIDEO],"On this anniversary of Roe VS Wade, it is so important for Americans to understand that just because 43 years ago today, a majority of Supreme Court Justices ruled that women can legally kill the babies God placed in their wombs it s still the taking of a life Remember the one that he did? That the baby the fetus came out, and it was alive and he had thought he had actually killed it already and the  fetus  opened up his eyes and grabbed his hand, his finger? A lot of times he would bring the big fetus that were over-age in a bag and we would say  Oh my g*d, that s a big baby! It would take us over an hour to do an abortion that big. The women that go there [abortion clinic] have no idea what they re getting themselves into. And a lot of questions would want be,  Does the baby feel?  And I would think it would make me so mad because I would say  Why does that matter to you, when you re coming in here to kill your baby?' ",0
21084,WATCH: Only 6 People Show Up To See Hillary At TX Airport…And She IGNORED All 6 Of Them," Heavy security, but a small crowd for Hillary. She didn t say  hello  or visit with anyone while at the airport. https://youtu.be/eNj2ScPW-egYou know what they say about Karma ",0
21085,MUSLIM Illegal Alien Claims SEX WITH DEAD GIRL Is Not A Crime…Lawyers Fight To Have Charges Dropped,"The Obama trifecta: A Muslim an Illegal Alien and a victim of the unfair laws of the United States that target minorities An illegal migrant who was convicted in Wisconsin of sexually molesting the body of a dead girl is seeking to have his conviction on sexual violence charges overturned, by claiming that a dead body can t be sexually assaulted because it cannot be forced or coerced into a sex act.The vibrantly diverse migrant, Eusebio Varible-Gaspar, was convicted in Wisconsin of a violent sexual act as well as entering the country illegally, and was given a 57-month sentence.His lawyers have now filed a motion to have the conviction reversed because, they say, a corpse can t be raped or sexually abused.The trial court disagreed with that claim and held that Varible-Gaspar committed an act of sexual violence by having sex with the dead body.It is this decision that Varible-Gaspar wants to have appealed, so on January 15 he filed this claim:Varible-Gaspar argues that the district court erred in applying the 16-level enhancement for a crime of violence  He contends that his Wisconsin conviction for first degree sexual assault of a child does not qualify as a crime of violence or as an aggravated felony  because the offense does not fall within the generic, contemporary meaning of sexual abuse of a minor. Varible-Gaspar asserts that an individual may be guilty of the Wisconsin offense if the offender had sexual contact or sexual intercourse with a corpse. For the first time on appeal, Varible-Gaspar argues that the conviction does not qualify as a forcible sex offense because a corpse cannot be forced or coerced into sex.Oddly, as the Center for Immigration Studies notes, this isn t the only case where migrants might benefit from someone else being dead.Obama s DHS is seeking a change in rules that would aid illegals entering the country to have their status legalized if their return  would have  harmed someone they left behind even if that someone is already dead. Via: Breitbart News ",0
21086,HOLLYWOOD RACE WAR HEATS UP: Full Metal Jacket Actor SHUTS DOWN Race-Baiting Hotel Rwanda Star,"Nice job Adam Baldwin. We commend you for standing up to the highly successful, black multi-millionaires Jada Pinkett-Smith,  her husband Will Smith and Director Spike Lee who, much like Al Sharpton never lets the opportunity to start a good race war go to waste  Ever since the Motion Picture Academy announced the nominees for the 2016 Oscars, there have been some heated discussions on social media regarding the diversity   or lack thereof   displayed by the Academy s choices.Nowhere has this been more apparent than Twitter, where #OscarsSoWhite has become an ongoing trend. It recently led to a dustup between  Full Metal Jacket  alum Adam Baldwin and  Ironman  actor Don Cheadle. Via: IJRHere is the first joke dig at the Academy Award show by Cheadle:@chrisrock Yo, Chris. Come check me out at #TheOscars this year. They got me parking cars on G level.  Don Cheadle (@DonCheadle) January 17, 2016Baldwin responded:https://twitter.com/AdamBaldwin/status/688841370853740544Then Cheadle responded to Baldwin:@AdamBaldwin @chrisrock Nope.  Don Cheadle (@DonCheadle) January 18, 2016Then Baldwin asks Cheadle a legitimate question:https://twitter.com/AdamBaldwin/status/688898296006352896To which Cheadle responds with an incoherent answer:@AdamBaldwin @chrisrock Only the legitimacy of the phrase and complete and obvious truth of it.  Don Cheadle (@DonCheadle) January 18, 2016But when Baldwin challenged the one-time Oscar nominee https://twitter.com/AdamBaldwin/status/688916800579354624Cheadle then decided to twist the conversation around@AdamBaldwin @chrisrock The PHRASE OscarSoWhite, dumb dumb. Not the show. You're a lazy reader.  Don Cheadle (@DonCheadle) January 20, 2016At which time Baldwin slays Cheadle with FACTS:https://twitter.com/AdamBaldwin/status/689889591940100099And in typical liberal fashion, Academy Award winner Don Cheadle ran away with his tail between his legs. Like a garlic to a vampire, the Left is always ready to defend victimhood until the facts come out and then they head for the hills. ",0
21087,"16 YR OLD GERMAN GIRL IN VIRAL VIDEO PLEADS: “you Muslims have no right to physically assault or rape us…The politicians live alone in their villas, drink their cocktails, and do nothing”","This is what happens when a nation puts liberalism before their own children.The 20 minute video, apparently created by the 16 year old Facebook user Miss Wilhailm, starts with her saying that she is,  so scared everywhere, for example if my family and I go out together, or if I see a movie with my friends. Usually I stay out until 6pm in winter, and it is so scary. It is just very hard to live day-to-day as a woman. The girl   who some social media users report has now been banned from Facebook, though others say she has removed herself   then goes on to talk about an incident that happened to her at a local supermarket saying,  I ran all the way home. I was frightened for my life. There s no other way to describe it. She talks about her experiences over summer, when a group of Muslims said that her and her friends were  sluts  for walking outside in t-shirts. Yes, we were wearing t-shirts. It s summer!  She adds:  Another day, I was wearing this. My friend and I purchased it while shopping. If we feel like wearing it, we will wear it! And you Muslims have no right to physically assault or rape us for it! God willing, never in my life. You have no right to attack us because we are wearing t-shirts. You also have no right to rape .Miss Wilhailm then turns toward what she sees on social media, describing how she has seen,  a 17 year old attacked, a 15 year old attacked, two 12 year olds attacked, so many,  and questions,  why should we, children, have to grow up in such fear? I cannot understand why they do this. But more importantly, I cannot understand why Germany is doing nothing! Why is Germany standing by, watching, and then doing nothing? Please explain, why. Men of Germany, these people are killing your children, they are killing your women. We need your protection,  she goes on to say adding,  The politicians live alone in their villas, drink their cocktails, and do nothing. They do nothing! I do not know what world they live in, but please, people, please help us! Please, do something! Continuing, Miss Wilhailm tells of her own personal experiences with Arab and Muslims migrants saying,  One day, my friend and I were walking down the street, and a group of Arabs were protesting and demonstrating. They shouted,  Allah! Allah! Allah is the one God! Kill those infidels! Allah Allah!  What should I do? Should I wear a burka? Why should I have to convert to Islam? It s fine if you believe in Allah, but why do you want to make everyone else believe in Allah too? I just think it would be better if there were no religion. Stop trying to make everyone else believe in your God when they do not want to .According to the her experiences, the police are no help. She alleges,  they say it is a problem and they ignore it. It is unfair. They laugh at us. They say we are dumb,  and that,  they don t care about our fears. This description matches many other cases where police have been afraid to be labeled as racist for taking a hard line on migrant crime and even victims of migrant crime have been accused of racism for speaking up.Free market liberal group Freiheitliche Aufklaerung or  Liberal Education  posted the video on their Facebook group page and made the following comment when it disappeared from Miss Wilhailm s page: How many have already noticed the video  You make Germany broken!  is no longer there. In this video, the 16-year-old girl said that she now is afraid to go out alone and that they can not understand the insane asylum policy of the German government. Europe and Germany are thus ruined  Unfortunately, we live in a social dictatorship, in what critics of the establishment and its illiberal policies are tackled and accosted in the strongest terms. The group claims it doesn t have evidence, but says it  can not rule out a censorship by Facebook 100% .Breitbart London understands from Facebook that while the matter has not been fully investigated yet, the usual reason for videos disappearing are down to the user taking them down themselves.The censorship fears come after Facebook announced last year that they would help the German government monitor for  hate speech  and as recently as this month Chancellor Angela Merkel s government has demanded Facebook remove posts and videos in the wake of the Cologne sex attacks. The company has not yet responded to Breitbart London s request for comment on the matter.The video ends with a stark message for German Chancellor Angela Merkel:  Thank you, Angela Merkel, for killing Germany! I have no more respect for you, Merkel. I do not think you know what you have done. You do not see how our lives have changed. Open your eyes! Is this normal? Should I, a 16-year old who is almost 17, be so scared to walk outside my house? No, it is not normal. You have killed Germany! She closes:  men please help your women. Help your children. I am so scared. My friends have the same fears. We are shocked that this has happened. I hope this video can convince you, and that these terrible events can stop. https://youtu.be/-BCrL8kDRdITRANSCRIPT: Hello, you can read the newspapers but this video is about the real situation in Germany. I would like to tell everyone about this on Youtube and Facebook. I am almost 16. I would like everyone to know what is going on, what I am authentically feeling at this moment.And I am so scared everywhere. For example, if my family and I go out together, or if I see a movie with my friends. Usually I stay at home, but sometimes I stay out until 6 pm in winter, and it is so scary. It is just very hard to live day-to-day life as a woman.I just want to say that I am not a racist. But one day, a terrible thing happened at the supermarket. I ran all the way home. I was so frightened for my life. There s no other way to describe it.My aunt and her friend have said you have to grow up. Why should we, children, have to grow up in such fear? It s not just me, my friends too. You can see on Facebook, a 17 year old attacked, a 15 year old attacked, two 12-year olds attacked, so many. It is really so sad that this is happening   because of YOU PEOPLE.  I cannot understand why they do this. But more importantly, I cannot understand why Germany is doing nothing! Why is Germany standing by, watching, and then doing nothing? Please explain, why. Men of Germany, these people are killing your children, they are killing your women. We need your protection. We are so scared, we don t want to be frightened to go to the grocery store alone after sunset. The politicians live alone in their villas, drink their cocktails, and do nothing. They do nothing! I do not know what world they live in, but please, people, please help us! Please, do something! I cannot understand why this is happening. One day, my friend and I were walking down the street, and a group of Arabs were protesting and demonstrating. They shouted,  Allah! Allah! Allah is the one God! Kill those infidels! Allah Allah!  What should I do? Should I wear a burka? Why should I have to convert to Islam?It s fine if you believe in Allah, but why do you want to make everyone else believe in Allah too? I just think it would be better if there were no religion. Stop trying to make everyone else believe in your God when they do not want to.Please, people of Germany. Do something!When I try to tell the authorities about what has happened, they hold their hand up towards me and they say it is a problem and then ignore it. and they laugh. It is unfair. They laugh at us. They say we are dumb. They think this not only of me, but of the entire state of Germany. They don t care about our fear. Please help us. This is an emergency! There are more and more of them.One time in summer, the Muslims said we were sluts for walking outside in a t-shirt.Yes, we were wearing t-shirts. It s summer!Another day, I was wearing this. My friend and I purchased it while shopping hehe. If we feel like wearing it, we will wear it! And you Muslims have no right to physically assault or rape us for it! God willing, never in my life. You have no right to attack us because we are wearing t-shirts. You also have no right to rape.The life of Germany has changed because these people cannot integrate. We give them so much help. We support them financially and they do not have to work. But they only want more babies and more welfare and more money. Men of Germany, please, patrol the streets and protect us. Do this for your women and your children. If you do that, I believe that we will have a chance.This sort of action would be wonderful. We would be so grateful and thankful. So many thanks, if steadily, more men would come to protect us. We are so scared.I am so upset about what Merkel has done.Thank you, Angela Merkel, for killing Germany! I have no more respect for you, Merkel. I do not think you know what you have done. You do not see how our lives have changed. Open your eyes! Is this normal? Should I, a 16-year old who is almost 17, be so scared to walk outside my house? No, it is not normal. You have killed Germany!This is the truth. We are no longer allowed to walk outside. We are no longer allowed to wear our clothes. We are no longer allowed to live the German life. This is the sad truth.I think it s about time to end this video. I believe I have given a full account from a normal person. I hope others can see this and understand.I only want to end with one message: Men, please, help your women. Help your children. I am so scared. My friends have the same fear. We are shocked that this has happened. I hope this video can convince you, and that this terrible events can stop.Via: Breitbart News",0
21088,"TREASON? White House Says It’s “Entirely likely,” “Even expected” Iran Will Use $Billions In Sanctions Relief For Terrorism [VIDEO]","So can anyone please explain what the U.S. got in return for Obama s brilliant  nuclear deal? White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Thursday it was  entirely likely  and  even expected  that Iran will continue to support terrorism as it receives tens of billions of dollars in sanctions relief through the Iran nuclear deal.The deal brokered by the Obama administration and other world powers gives Iran, the world s largest state sponsor of terrorism, $100 billion in sanctions relief in exchange for compliance with the agreement meant to stop the rogue regime from getting nuclear weapons.After Secretary of State John Kerry acknowledged Thursday that  some  Iran deal money would go to terrorists, CBS reporter Margaret Brennan asked Earnest at the White House briefing whether he agreed. I think that reflects his rather logical conclusion that a nation that supports terrorism may use some of the money that s coming into the country to further support terrorism,  Earnest said.  The thing that s important for people to recognize is that critics of this agreement often exaggerate the value of the sanctions relief that Iran will obtain, and they often overlook the rather severe economic priorities that are badly underfunded inside of Iran. Earnest said the White House had been honest about acknowledging that the nuclear deal would not assuage their concerns about Iran s  bad behavior. It is entirely likely, I think it s even expected, that Iran will continue to support terrorism, but because of Iran s intention that we assess to continue to support terrorism, that s what makes it so important that we prevent them from obtaining a nuclear weapon,  Earnest said. To be clear, what you re saying is while, some may conclude, and it would be logical to conclude, that some monies may flow to groups labeled terrorists, you think you can mitigate the threat, but you do say it could flow there,  Brennan said. Via: WFB",0
21089,CIA INSPECTOR: “Hillary endangered lives” FORMER JUDGE: Hillary Is A “Prime candidate for prosecution”,"Poor Hillary, she s always the victim of some Right-Wing conspiracy When members of Congress are not allowed to see the contents of the emails Hillary had on her private UNSECURED server that s a pretty big deal!The government intelligence in Hillary Clinton s private emails as secretary of state is sometimes considered so sensitive that some congressmen have been hindered in their ability to even read them, a new report Thursday says.The material in the emails is classified at a level above  top secret,  Fox reported, meaning that some lawmakers have been required to sign new agreements not to reveal their contents. The situation highlights the sensitivity of the information that is being pored over, despite Clinton s long habit of downplaying their significance.A level above  top secret  is considered subject to  special access programs,  requiring the additional security because of the increased sensitivity.Congressional reviewers who scoured the SAP information in Clinton s emails already had Top Secret/Sensitive Compartmented clearance   the highest level of security clearance   but were required to sign extra non-disclosure agreements.Last week, Intelligence Community Inspector General I. Charles McCullough III wrote senior lawmakers to advise them that  several dozen  additional classified emails have been identified   including specific intelligence from special access programs. In a later interview with National Public Radio, Clinton downplayed the IG letter and claimed it was politically biased.  This seems to me to be, you know, another effort to inject this into the campaign, it s another leak,  she told the network.  I m just going to leave it up to the professionals at the Justice Department because nothing that this says changes the fact that I never sent or received material marked classified. Via: UK Daily Mail",0
21090,WATCH WILL SMITH EXPLAIN Why He’s Joining His Wife’s Hollywood Race War,"Earlier this week, Jada Pinkett-Smith, Hollywood s self-appointed #BlackLivesMatter spokesperson announced on Facebook that she will boycott the Oscars over lack of Black nominees.In September, 2015, we reported about a $150,000 contribution Will Smith and his lovely wife Jada made to racist, anti-semite Louis Farrakhan. Today, Pinkett-Smith is asking people of color to segregate themselves from the Whites in Hollywood. Now it appears that Will Smith has made the decision to back his wife in her attempt to shame Hollywood into using affirmative action, (as opposed to exceptional acting) as criteria for an Oscar nomination. There s a regressive slide towards separatism, towards racial and religious disharmony and that s not the Hollywood I wanna leave behind. What the hell is with the cadence and psycho-babble bulls*t Will? You used to be one of our favorite actors. America fell in love with the happy, light-hearted and uniquely FUNNY quality about you. Taking your side in your wife s race war with Hollywood can t possibly be good for your career. There is nothing funny about crying  racism  because you didn t get nominated for an Oscar. Sour grapes is sour grapes, no matter how you cut it. From an outsider looking in, it would appear that you ve fallen into line with your angry black wife, and her desire to get even with anyone and everyone around her because she s sees herself as a perpetual victim.  Guess what Will? Last time we checked, the supposed  racism  you seem to be a victim of isn t affecting your bottom line. As one of the highest paid actors in all of Hollywood, bringing home an astounding annual $30 Million in earnings, it doesn t appear the lack of Oscars on your mantel has drastically affected your income.We sure hope the fight is worth the risk you re taking by alienating your fan base For the record, you and your darling wife (does she still act?) sealed the deal for us when you donated money to the hateful Louis Farrakhan. Maybe you should ve just stuck to acting and let your wife play the role of angry black activist. Unless you re Barack Obama, Al Sharpton, or Jesse Jackson there doesn t seem to be a lot of money in the race-hustling business ",0
21091,TRANSGENDER CRIES VICTIM When Airline Security Made Her Remove “That thing” Caught On Scanner,"So a woman straps an  apparatus  to her person, claims she s a man and expects airport security to treat her with kit gloves because she s entitled to special privileges? If you come through airport security with something foreign strapped to your body, why should you be entitled to special treatment? Sorry, but most of the world is not going to side with you on this one  dude In a submission to an Australian senate inquiry into airport and aviation security, the National LGBTI Health Alliance reported a  climate of pervasive discrimination  for LGBTI people.The submission includes a lengthy complaint from an anonymous transgender person sent to one of Australia s major domestic airlines about an incident early last year.The person was passing through airport security and was selected to go through a body scanner, which picked up a prosthetic worn in their underwear. I explained to the officer at the scanner that I am trans and that I was wearing a prosthetic, to which he responded that he would need to get his supervisor,  the complaint reads. In full view of other travellers, the supervisor approached me putting rubber gloves on,  the passenger wrote.  When I asked him what the gloves were for, he told me that he was going to do a  private search . After entering a small room with the two men, the passenger pulled out the prosthetic for the men to see, and the supervisor put on a second glove.When again asked what the gloves were for, the supervisor responded,  You want me to touch that thing with my bare hands? After placing the prosthetic in a tray and undergoing a pat-down, the supervisor opened the door for the passenger to leave. My prosthetic [was] still sitting in the tray. I asked him to close the door so that I could have some privacy,  the complaint reads.  He closed the door and both men stood watching me as I put it back in place. The passenger wrote that the experience left them feeling degraded and anxious about traveling.For entire story: Buzzfeed ",0
21092,SECRET SERVICE PROTECTS OBAMA’S DAUGHTERS While These Illegal Alien Pedophiles Threaten Our Children,"The children were nestled all snug in their beds when OOPS! an illegal alien pedophile slipped through their window. These worst of the worst criminals are crossing our borders every day as our US Border Agents are given the  stand down  order by a man so hell-bent on a one-party system that he will risk the safety and security of our children and grandchildren. Barack Obama s kids will never have to worry about safety, because We The Taxpayer will ensure that for the rest of their lives, they will be protected from the massive number of unchecked pedophiles and violent sexual offenders flowing across our open borders. This is an outrage! Yet the political pundits on the Left seem to be baffled by Donald Trump s popularity with the American voter Go figure McAllen, Texas   Illegal aliens with previous convictions for sexual crimes continue to be a regular sight for U.S. Border Patrol agents working in this border region.On Wednesday, the Rio Grande Valley Sector (RGV) of the U.S. Border Patrol confirmed to Breitbart Texas that they had arrested five criminal aliens with a history of sexual offenses including a Guatemalan man who is considered a  sexually violent predator. On Sunday, agents caught a group of seven illegal aliens near the river and when they took them to the station for processing learned that one of them identified as Walter Leonel Vasquez Zacarias was a violent sexual predator, court records obtained by Breitbart Texas revealed.Court records revealed that Vasquez Zacarias had been convicted of  aggravated sexual battery victim under 13 years of age  in March 20, 2009. For that offense, Vasquez was initially arrested on June 16, 2008 in Augusta County, Virginia and after his conviction was sentenced to 10 years in prison, but for unknown reasons, eight years from his sentence were suspended and he was deported in March 30, 2010 through Houston.Vasquez continues to be listed in various search engines as a violent sexual predator.In recent days, agents arrested four other criminal aliens with a sexually based criminal history, information provided to Breitbart Texas by Border Patrol revealed. One of the aliens was from Guatemala and he had a previous conviction for aggravated sexual battery of a victim under the age of 13. Another of the aliens was also from Guatemala and he had a conviction for aggravated criminal sexual abuse. Two other aliens from Mexico had convictions for indecent liberties with a child and the other for sexual assault. Border Patrol agents remain vigilant in their efforts to protect this nation from all threats including predators and convicted criminals attempting to illegally enter the country,  said Chief Patrol Agent Manuel Padilla Jr. in a prepared statement.  Thanks to the hard work of Border Patrol agents, these dangerous criminals were unable to make it into our communities. Via: Breitbart News",0
21093,"BRITISH MAN GOES UNDERCOVER, Makes Chilling Video In “Welcoming” Neighborhood Mosque"," If she doesn t wear a hijab, we hit her This is truly a shocking undercover film. It exposes the wide network of Muslim radicals and how they have no intention of assimilating with Westerners.  The things that are said in this film should make every American and European question what really takes place in these  neighborhood mosques. Marrying off a girl before puberty is permissible. None of this has been stopped in Britain by the government, who did not care to protect thousands of children raped, threatened, sold, drugged and many even killed by Muslim men. This mentality amongst Muslims that the video shows, especially Sunni Muslims, will be common in virtually every single mosque not only in Britain, but throughout Europe, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the US.The Muslim hatred continues to flourish throughout the country, all because of a weak and incompetent leadership and EU policies that protect hate preachers and terrorism. The permission for Islam to grow and exist   a fascist ideology of the medieval ages   is the root cause of growing terrorism growing and expanding into the West.It is not difficult to see what Britain s future will be. Islam is a far greater threat than Nazism. But the Nazi s did not infiltrate the country and was easier to battle.Prime Minister Tony Blair recently described tolerance as  what makes Britain Britain  but in this extensive investigation Dispatches reveals how a message of hatred and segregation is being spread throughout the UK and examines how it is influenced by the religious establishment of Saudi Arabia.Dispatches has investigated a number of mosques run by high profile national organisations that claim to be dedicated to moderation and dialogue with other faiths. But an undercover reporter joined worshippers to find a message of religious bigotry and extremism being preached.He captures chilling sermons in which Saudi-trained preachers proclaim the supremacy of Islam, preach hatred for non-Muslims and for Muslims who do not follow their extreme beliefs   and predict a coming jihad.  An army of Muslims will arise,  announces one preacher. Another preacher said British Muslims must  dismantle  British democracy   they must  live like a state within a state  until they are  strong enough to take over. The investigation reveals Saudi Arabian universities are recruiting young Western Muslims to train them in their extreme theology, then sending them back to the West to spread the word. And the Dispatches reporter discovers that British Muslims can ask for fatwas, religious rulings, direct from the top religious leader in Saudi Arabia, the Grand Mufti.Via: The Muslim Issue",0
21094,"WORDS OF WISDOM FROM ‘THE VIEW’: Whoopie Threatens To Leave U.S. If Trump Doesn’t Stop Picking On Immigrants, While Joy Behar Offers Some Incoherent Thoughts On WWII","When asked by the other hosts on the show,  Where would you go?  Whoopie pauses, then realizes there really is no better country on the earth, as she sheepishly replies,  I don t know, I ve always been in America.  There s usually a good reason that people don t give up their citizenship Whoopie. There s probably a reason so many people are willing to break the law and illegally enter our country. Despite the drivel you and your cohorts push on  The View,  every American doesn t believe they re somehow a victim, and most Americans agree with Trump that we shouldn t be willing to give up all that makes America great just because the Left wants to shore up their voting block. If you wanna know what is really getting under Whoopie s skin, it s the idea that no one in the media can control Trump. That s what s really got the girls on  The View  freaking out Wednesday on ABC s  The View,  co-host Whoopi Goldberg said Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump needs to  stop blaming  others for the problems in America and threatened to  move  out of the country.https://youtu.be/NwE2ZvcpKUsGoldberg said,  People don t like being the butt of the jokes and now that people say, listen, you can t make me the butt of your jokes, I don t like it. You can t use me as some sort of stereotype. I don t like it. That s the PC people are talking about. And the bottom line is this find a different way to say what you re going to say. People are not going to take it anymore. So if that s what s pisses you off, you re going to stay angry. Co-host Joy Behar said,  A lot of it has to do with their pocketbook. They re not making as much money as they used to make, that particular group of people. Maybe jobs are overseas, maybe technology has taken over, they don t have the background for it. They re ticked off. Goldberg interjected,  But then you can t blame immigrants for that. Behar continued,  That s scapegoating. It s as old as the hills. What do you think World War II is all about? You know that. It s all about blaming the Jews. Now it s the Mexicans and the Muslims. Blame everybody but yourself. Later in the segment, Goldberg continued her rant. Listen, he can be whatever party he wants to be,  she said.  What he can t be is he can t be the guy that says it s your fault stuff isn t working. That s not the president I want. Find a way to make stuff work. Stop blaming everybody because all of this, as American citizens, this is our   we did all of this. We ve allowed all this stuff, so we have to fix it. But you can t say,  Oh, you re Lebanese or you re black or you re Mexican or you re a woman.  Stop blaming everybody. Let s fix the crap. Let s just fix it. If you can fix it, I will listen to what you have to say. The minute you start pointing and saying that person is a rapist and a murderer, it pisses me off because I ve been part of that when they just use a blanket statement to talk about black people or when they use a blanket statement to talk about white people or women or any other group. I don t think that s America. I don t want it to be America. Maybe it s time for me to move, you know. I can afford to go,  she added.  I ve always been an American, and this has always been my country and we ve always been able to have discussions. And suddenly now it s turning into, you know, not them, not them. And you know, we have a lot of friends whose parents saw this already. They don t want to relive this   So I need all the candidates to get it together. Get back to American values. Behar said,  I must be naive maybe but I do believe that at the end of the day the American people will not vote for that type of xenophobia. The fact that they voted twice for President Obama, twice for President Clinton, people like that. I really do believe they will come to their senses. You know what, he can t win without 40 percent of the Hispanic vote and he has alienated the Hispanics. Via: Breitbart News",0
21095,WATCH: BLACK ACTRESS Stacey Dash Destroy Argument By Hollywood Race Agitator And Wife Of Will Smith: “Either we want to have segregation or integration”,"Stacey Dash is no stranger to controversy. She was recently suspended by FOX News when she said that [Barack]  Obama doesn t give a shit about terrorism. Today, on Fox and Friends, Stacey takes on Hollywood race hustler, and major Louis Farrakahn donor Jada Pinkett-Smith.Fox News contributor Stacey Dash asserted on Wednesday that Jada Pinkett Smith was a  hypocrite  for expecting some black actors to be nominated for an Oscar while the black community was enjoying special privileges like Black History Month and the BET channel.Watch Dash s appearance on Fox and Friends here:In a video posted to Facebook earlier this week, Smith revealed that she would not be attending the 88th Academy Awards to protest the fact all of the major nominees were white.(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));We must stand in our power.Posted by Jada Pinkett Smith on Monday, January 18, 2016After recently being suspended from Fox News for saying President Barack Obama did not  give a sh*t,  she was back on the network on Wednesday to respond to Smith. I think it s ludicrous,  she opined.  Because we have to make up our minds. Either we want to have segregation or integration. If we don t want segregation then we need to get rid of channels like BET and the BET Awards and the [NAACP] Image Awards, where you are only awarded if you are black. So you say there should not be a BET channel?  Fox News host Steve Doocy wondered. No, just like there shouldn t be a Black History Month,  Dash replied.  You know, we re Americans. Period. That s it. Are you saying there shouldn t be a Black History Month because there isn t a White History Month?  Doocy pressed. Exactly!  Dash insisted.According to Dash, the real problem was that Hollywood s support of President Barack Obama had not inspired filmmakers to create more black roles. We ve had a president who is black in office for the past eight years, who gets most of his funding from the liberal elite in Hollywood,  she said.  Yet, there are not very many roles for people of color. How can that be and why is it just now being addressed?  Via: RAW Story ",0
21096,BREAKING: Obama-Holder Fast N’ Furious Rifle Found In El Chapo Hideout Capable Of Downing A Helicopter,"Where s the accountably? As our President ramps up his gun control rhetoric in the U.S., we continue to see the fallout from of a botched government gun running program dubbed  Fast N  Furious.  How can this duplicitous President carry on about guns falling into the wrong hands in the U.S. while sending illegal guns over to Mexico to be used by drug lords against U.S. law enforcement and possibly against American civilians? A .50-caliber rifle found at Joaquin  El Chapo  Guzman s hideout in Mexico was funneled through the gun-smuggling investigation known as Fast and Furious, sources confirmed Tuesday to Fox News.A .50-caliber is a massive rifle that can stop a car, or as it was intended, take down a helicopter.After the raid on Jan. 8 in the city of Los Mochis that killed five of his men and wounded one Mexican marine, officials found a number of weapons inside the house Guzman was staying, including the rifle, officials said.When agents from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives checked serial numbers of the eight weapons found in his possession, they found one of the two .50-caliber weapons traced back to the ATF program, sources said.Federal officials told Fox News they are not sure how many of the weapons seized from Guzman s house actually originated in the U.S. and where they were purchased, but are investigating.Out of the roughly 2,000 weapons sold through Fast and Furious, 34 were .50 caliber rifles that can take down a helicopter, according to officials.Federal law enforcement sources told Fox News that  El Chapo  would put his guardsmen on hilltops to be on guard for Mexican police helicopters that would fly through valleys conducting raids. The sole purpose of the guardsmen would be to shoot down those helicopters, sources said.The Fast and Furious operation involved federal agents allowing criminals to buy guns with the intention of tracking them.Instead, agents from the ATF lost track of 1,400 of the 2,000 guns involved in the sting operation.The operation allowed criminals to buy guns in Phoenix-area shops with the intention of tracking them once they made their way into Mexico.After years of legal battles between the House Oversight Committee and Attorney General Eric Holder, 64,280 redacted Operation Fast and Furious documents held under President Obama s assertion of executive privilege since 2012, have been turned over by the Department of Justice after an order from U.S. District Court Judge Amy Berman Jackson. When Eric Holder wants to know why he was the first Attorney General held in criminal contempt of Congress, he can read the judge s order that compelled the production of 64,280 pages that he and President Obama illegitimately and illegally withheld from Congress. Since these pages still do not represent the entire universe of the documents the House of Representatives is seeking related to the Justice Department s cover-up of the botched gun-walking scandal that contributed to the death of a Border Patrol agent, our court case will continue,  Chairman Darrell Issa said in a statement.  I am deeply concerned that some redactions to these documents may still be inappropriate and contrary to the judge s order in the case. These documents being turned over is long awaited confirmation from both DOJ and the White House that officials withheld 64,280 documents that do not, and never did, fall under President Obama s executive privilege claims. As a reminder, President Obama asserted executive privilege in this case just moments before Holder was voted in contempt of Congress in June 2012. The President and the Attorney General attempted to extend the scope of the Executive Privilege well beyond its historical boundaries to avoid disclosing documents that embarrass or otherwise implicate senior Obama Administration officials,  an Oversight Committee release states.  In effect, last night s production is an admission that the Justice Department never had legitimate grounds to withhold these documents in the first place. Approximately two-thirds of the universe of documents that the Justice Department withheld from Congress has now been shown to be well outside the scope of Executive Privilege. The operation became a major distraction for the Obama administration as Republicans in Congress conducted a series of inquiries into how the Justice Department allowed such an operation to happen.Former Attorney General Eric Holder was held in contempt after he refused to divulge documents for a congressional investigation into the matter.This is the third time a weapon from the Fast and Furious program has been found at a high-profile Mexican crime scene.Via: FOX News",0
21097,"NEW POLL SHOWS DEMOCRATS Under 50 Prefer Old, White Marxists To Serial Criminals In Pants Suits","Nah nah nah nah hey hey hey good bye Support for Hillary Clinton among Democratic voters under 50 has tanked in the past month, according to a new Monmouth University poll.In December, she led fellow Democratic presidential contender Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., 52%-35% in that demographic. Now she trails him 39%-52%.She also has lost significant support among Democratic women, with her lead over Sanders shrinking from 45 points to 19 points in that group. Her support went from 64%-19% last month to 54%-35% now.Clinton still beats Sanders 52%-37% overall among Democrats, though Sanders  gains have cut into her lead, Monmouth found. And she has considerable support among important primary voting blocs. Voters over 50 prefer Clinton 64%-24%, and black and Latino voters side with her 71%-21%. With a shrinking margin, a strong showing by Sanders in Iowa and New Hampshire could cut Clinton s national lead even more,  said Patrick Murray, director of the Monmouth survey.  However, he would still have to overcome Clinton s demographic advantage in the ensuing contests. That means in places like South Carolina, Nevada and Super Tuesday states in the South where blacks and Latinos make up a sizable portion of the electorate. Murray points out that the same situation helped President Obama beat Clinton. It looks like the demographic that hurt Clinton in 2008 may be what helps her in 2016,  he said.Last week, Sanders  campaign announced it was launching a tour of historically black colleges and universities with stops in a number of Southern states.The Monmouth measurement of Sanders s support among young people resembles the results of a recent USA TODAY/Rock the Vote survey that found he leads Clinton 46%-35%, among millennial Democrats and independents. Via: USA TodayDear Hillary, Here s a message from every American who watched you lie about the 4 brave men you left to die in Benghazi: ",0
21098,"IF YOU’RE EASILY OFFENDED, Don’t Watch This American Pastor’s Rant: “Has America Gone Stupid?”","You re gonna love this patriot! He speaks for each and every one of us who are 100% FED Up! with  offended  Americans! Enjoy this awesome rant and God bless America!// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>HAS AMERICA GONE STUPID? Warning!!!! this video will most likely offend the majority of the population.!Posted by Highways and Hedges Ministries on Monday, January 18, 2016",0
21099,HOLY BETRAYAL OF AMERICA’S NATIONAL SECURITY: New Evidence Shows Hillary Emailed “Most Secretive” Classified Material On Private Unsecured Server,"She s the most dangerous, self-centered woman in America Hillary for Prison 2016.  Hillary Clinton s emails on her unsecured, homebrew server contained intelligence from the U.S. government s most secretive and highly classified programs, according to an unclassified letter from a top inspector general to senior lawmakers.Fox News exclusively obtained the unclassified letter, sent Jan. 14 from Intelligence Community Inspector General I. Charles McCullough III. It laid out the findings of a recent comprehensive review by intelligence agencies that identified  several dozen  additional classified emails   including specific intelligence known as  special access programs  (SAP).That indicates a level of classification beyond even  top secret,  the label previously given to two emails found on her server, and brings even more scrutiny to the presidential candidate s handling of the government s closely held secrets. To date, I have received two sworn declarations from one [intelligence community] element. These declarations cover several dozen emails containing classified information determined by the IC element to be at the confidential, secret, and top secret/sap levels,  said the IG letter to lawmakers with oversight of the intelligence community and State Department.  According to the declarant, these documents contain information derived from classified IC element sources. Intelligence from a  special access program,  or SAP, is even more sensitive than that designated as  top secret    as were two emails identified last summer in a random sample pulled from Clinton s private server she used as secretary of state. Access to a SAP is restricted to those with a  need-to-know  because exposure of the intelligence would likely reveal the source, putting a method of intelligence collection   or a human asset   at risk. Currently, some 1,340 emails designated  classified  have been found on Clinton s server, though the Democratic presidential candidate insists the information was not classified at the time. There is absolutely no way that one could not recognize SAP material,  a former senior law enforcement with decades of experience investigating violations of SAP procedures told Fox News.  It is the most sensitive of the sensitive. Executive Order 13526   called  Classified National Security Information  and signed Dec. 29, 2009   sets out the legal framework for establishing special access programs. The order says the programs can only be authorized by the president,  the Secretaries of State, Defense, Energy, and Homeland Security, the Attorney General, and the Director of National Intelligence, or the principal deputy of each. The programs are created when  the vulnerability of, or threat to, specific information is exceptional,  and  the number of persons who ordinarily will have access will be reasonably small and commensurate with the objective of providing enhanced protection for the information involved,  it states.According to court documents, former CIA Director David Petraeus was prosecuted for sharing intelligence from special access programs with his biographer and mistress Paula Broadwell. At the heart of his prosecution was a non-disclosure agreement where Petraeus agreed to protect these closely held government programs, with the understanding  unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized retention or negligent handling   could cause irreparable injury to the United States or be used to advantage by a foreign nation.  Clinton signed an identical non-disclosure agreement Jan. 22, 2009.While the State Department and Clinton campaign have said the emails in questions were  retroactively classified  or  upgraded    to justify the more than 1,300 classified emails on her server   those terms are meaningless under federal law.The former federal law enforcement official said the finding in the January IG letter represents a potential violation of USC 18 Section 793,  gross negligence  in the handling of secure information under the Espionage Act.  Via: FOX News",0
21100,THE HEARTLESS MARXIST: What Bernie Sanders Did To Over 300 Homeless People Proves He Only Cares About Himself,"Who kicks homeless people out onto the streets so they can host a rally? If Sanders really cared so much about the  little guy,  he would have given them a hot meal and a front seat. But alas, they aren t likely registered voters, so kicking them to the curb is the next best thing .Democrat presidential candidate Bernie Sanders describes himself as a  Democratic socialist.  I guess he thinks that sounds a lot nicer than  communist  or  Marxist.  After all, the source of his constant ridicule, attacks, and plans to target should, heaven forbid, he become president are private insurance companies and privately-owned banks.Though the Democrat party likes to sell itself as one of youth and compassionate, that theory is blown when you look at the stage of the Democrat debates and see an old white woman who is as corrupt as the day is long and an older white man who is a crotchety socialist/Marxist who has capitalized on progressives filling the minds of our youth with lies about capitalism being bad and socialism, which has failed everywhere it s been tried in the world, as the saving grace.Sanders  constant railing against the  rich  and his efforts to pit Americans of different socioeconomic levels against one another makes Obama s last seven years of divisiveness look like amateur hour. But, for all his talk about his compassion for the poor and his attempt to create envy and jealousy so that he can capitalize on his promise to make the rich pay for their success for confiscating larger amounts of their money so he can play Santa Claus, like all socialists, communists, Marxists, Bernie s personal actions don t quite mesh with his words.Some people told me Alabama was a conservative state. I guess not. Watch live: https://t.co/5W9i3XN1US #BernieInAL pic.twitter.com/6EH4fTJ1lH  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) January 19, 2016On Monday night, Sanders held a rally in Birmingham, Alabama. Since it was the celebration of Martin Luther King, Jr. Day, he decided to use that day to sell his snake oil of  socialism  where MLK rose to prominence. Of course, he bragged about it on Twitter as well as the crowd that showed up. Here s what the auditorium normally looks when a marxist isn t hosting a Presidential primary rally in Birmingham, ALWhat he failed to mention, not surprisingly, was that the auditorium where his rally was held served as a warming station for the city s homeless. On what was the coldest night of the year, with temperatures falling to 20 degrees overnight, but feeling more like 15 degrees with wind chill factor, over 300 homeless people were kicked out onto the street so that Sanders could peddle his socialistic lies.I guess they weren t good enough to be allowed to remain in the warmth of the auditorium for his rally. Via: Politistick",0
21101,UNBELIEVABLE! VINTAGE VIDEO EXPOSES Racist First Family: Michelle Obama’s mom says Barack’s mixed race “didn’t concern me as much as if he was completely white”,"This is an old video that exposes so much about the phony race issues that Obama and the Robinson s (Michelle s maiden name) seem to be so obsessed with. Please watch this very informative video to the end. You will see pictures of Obama s white uncle and aunt that, for some reason, have been hidden from plain site. There is also an interesting picture of Barack s extended White and Asian family. Why did the press work so hard to keep these photos, and this video hidden during his campaign and presidency?  It s pretty clear that Barack learned how to work the system from his father/sperm donor, Barack Hussein Obama Sr.  But life changed dramatically when he was only two, and his father abandoned his wife and son to accept a scholarship at Harvard. After completing his PHD, Obama Sr. returned to Kenya. Barry saw his father only one more time when he was 10 and his father returned to Hawaii for a visit.At age 6, young Barry did gain a stepfather. His mother met and married a Muslim graduate student at the University of Hawaii who was from Indonesia. Barry and his mother moved to Indonesia and soon, a half-sister was born.  Indonesia s poverty and its politics, which had victimized (Is it possible to be a part of Barack s life if you re not a victim?) his step-father, left a lasting impression on the young bi-racial child trying to fit into yet another culture.It was in Indonesia where Barry first saw magazine stories and ads about blacks bleaching their skin. That was (apparently) when he realized, (at the age of 10 yrs) there were  power relationships in race. So when most boys Barry s age are worrying about building tree forts, catching frogs, riding their bikes or securing the neighborhood paper delivery job, Barack was concerned with  power relationships in race?  Really?Punahou occupies a privileged position, not just on the hillside, but in Hawaii society. In his memoir, Dreams From My Father, Barack Obama recalled how his grandfather pulled strings to get him in. [F]or my grandparents, my admission into Punahou Academy heralded the start of something grand, an elevation in the family status that they took great pains to let everyone know,  Obama wrote.For generations, Punahou educated the children of plantation owners, businessmen and politicians. Pal Eldredge graduated from Punahou in the 1960s. In the beginning, we were known as the  haole school,    says Eldredge.Haole is Hawaiian for foreigner   or white person. Eldredge says that when young Obama arrived as a fifth-grader in 1971, the school s complexion was just beginning to change. We didn t have a lot of African-Americans. So your first thing is,  Oh, we ve got an African-American. Terrific!    says Eldredge.He was teaching at Punahou at the time, and he remembers the future president as a pudgy, cheerful kid. He used to wear these shorts and striped T-shirts a lot, and sandals. But after you got to know him, not only was he a bright student, but he was just a funny, all-around kid, and everybody liked him,  says Eldredge.As usual, Barry can turn a story of privilege into a story of victimhood like nobody s business: In his memoir, Obama dwells on moments at Punahou when his race made him feel conspicuous, such as the time he was teased for playing with the only other black child in his grade. When I looked up, I saw a group of children, faceless before the glare of the sun, pointing down at us.  Coretta has a boyfriend! Coretta has a boyfriend!    Obama writes.In the book, Obama s struggles with racial identity grow as he reaches high school, and he recalls intense discussions with another black student, an embittered boy he calls  Ray. Ray  is really Keith Kakugawa. He s part black, part Japanese.Kakugawa says he and young Obama did have some heart-to-hearts about race but, in general, it wasn t a big issue at the school because Punahou kids had to stick together. Because we knew once we left that school, there was a target on our backs. No matter what race you are, you re Punahou. You re the rich, white kids. Period,  Kakugawa says. He wasn t raised black, because he was raised in a white family, and raised as if he were a  white boy.'  -Barack Obama s uncleReporter asks Obama:  Were you essentially raised as a white child? Obama:  No. I don t think so. I mean I was raised as an Indonesian child, and as a Hawaiian child and as a black and white child. Sorry Barry wrong again! As much as you try to deny it, you were not only raised as a white child, but a white child with more  privilege  than 90% of the rest of the White population. You were in the 1% of the White population, but you quickly learned to take advantage of all the benefits that come with being black when it was time to apply for college scholarships. Like his dad, young Barry accepted a scholarship (FREE education) to the mostly White Occidental College in Los Angeles. But he was dissatisfied and transferred to Columbia University in New York City in his Junior year.  Hoping to find more black students or at least a broader black community. That is where Barry changed his name to Barack.Michelle Obama met Barack when she was tasked by her law firm to recruit him. Michelle was surprised when she saw he was from Hawaii and asked her (racist) self:  What normal black people grow up in Hawaii? WATCH at the 13 minute mark:Michelle s racist mom was a little worried about the mixed heritage of her future son-in-law. When asked about her concern about his race, she had this to say about Barack:  That [his mixed race] didn t concern me as much as if he was completely white. When Barack Obama lost his first election, many questioned if, given his heritage and Harvard Law degree, if he was  black enough?  Michelle Obama was furious over the charge of her husband not being  black enough.  She had this to say about Barack being black enough:  I m as black as it gets. I was born on the south side. I come from an obviously black family you know, we weren t rich. I ll put my blackness up against anyone s blackness in the the state. ",0
21102,SUPREME COURT AGREES TO TAKE ON Obama’s Un-American Plan To Shield Millions Of Illegals From Deportation,"So far, the Supreme Court has not prevented one single unconstitutional act committed by Obama. Is there any reason to believe they will stop the invasion of illegals to save America and the American worker?The Supreme Court agreed Tuesday to review President Obama s plan to shield up to 5 million illegal immigrants from deportation, after lower courts blocked the president s sweeping executive actions from taking effect.The decision sets up an election-year clash over the controversial plan that many Republicans have likened to  amnesty. The justices said Tuesday they will consider undoing lower court rulings that blocked the plan from taking effect. The Obama administration had appealed to the Supreme Court last fall.The decision to review the case may be welcome on both sides of the aisle. Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch, of Utah, issued a statement praising the court for taking it on   and urging the justices to rule against the administration. President Obama s executive action is an affront to our system of republican self-government,  Hatch said.  The Constitution vests legislative authority in Congress, not the President. With his actions, President Obama has attempted to bypass the constitutionally ordained legislative process and rewrite the law unilaterally. The case probably will be argued in April and decided by late June, about a month before both parties  presidential nominating conventions. The issue of illegal immigration has taken a center-stage role in the Republican primary battle, as Donald Trump calls for a wall between the U.S. and Mexico and candidates spar over who is toughest on the issue.The immigrants who would benefit from the Obama administration s plan are mainly the parents of U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents.But more than two-dozen mostly Republican-led states challenged Obama s executive actions after they were rolled out in 2014, and the plan has been tied up in litigation ever since.Critics say the plan is unconstitutional. Shortly before the administration took the case to the Supreme Court, the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in favor of the states in early November.Solicitor General Donald Verrilli Jr. later said in a court filing that allowing those rulings to stand would force millions of people  to continue to work off the books, without the option of lawful employment to provide for their families. At issue is the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans program, which Obama said would allow people who have been in the United States more than five years and who have children who are in the country legally to  come out of the shadows and get right with the law.  Via: Fox News ",0
21103,ANGELINA JOLIE HUMILIATED Barack Obama On World Stage Over Weak Leadership On Terrorism,"It s good to know there are a few Hollywood celebrities who haven t bought into Obama s false messiah B.S During an appearance before the U.K. s House of Lords on Tuesday, Hollywood actress and human rights advocate Angelina Jolie spoke out about how Islamic State group militants use sexual violence as a means to perpetuate terrorism   and about how we need strong leadership (unlike that of President Barack Obama) to overcome this threat.Jolie s excoriating speech laid bare just how anemic and pitiful Obama s response to ISIS has been, and how ISIS is being allowed to build a society based on rape, violence, and of course Shariah law. They are dictating it as policy beyond what we have seen before,  Jolie said.  They are saying,  We should do this, this is the right way to build a society, so we tell you to rape. Islamic militants are basically building a civilization not focused on growing food or educating children, but rather on kidnapping, enslaving and raping women, to perpetuate the endless cycle of terrorism, and Obama has allowed these barbaric radical Muslims to thrive. The most aggressive terrorist group in the world today knows what we know, knows that it is a very effective weapon and they are using it as a centrepoint of their terror and their way of destroying communities and families, and attacking and dehumanising,  Jolie explained. For over 10 years, I had been visiting the field and meeting families and survivors of sexual violence who felt for so long that their voices simply didn t mater, they weren t heard, and they carried a great shame,  Jolie continued.She added that we need  a very, very strong response at this time  to stop this horrific behavior. Of course, we have been calling on Obama to make that strong response for years, but he s far more interested in race baiting back home than dealing a death blow to radical Islam.Jolie does have some measure of expertise in the matters she s speaking of. As she told the Houses of Parliament, she has been campaigning for Middle Eastern victims of sexual abuse for over a decade (H/T The Gateway Pundit).Below is an excerpt of Jolie s address, this part dealing with some of her encounters with young rape victims.https://youtu.be/KBmHnzjgwSkIt seems like Jolie is someone whose words President Obama should heed. Will our president actually take the time though to listen, learn and adjust his failed strategy against what he once referred to as the  JV team? Only time will tell   but we wouldn t want to put any money on it. Via: Conservative Tribune",0
21104,"EYE-OPENING: Why Liberals Won’t Talk About White, Poverty-Stricken, Rural Americans","This is a story you will never find in the mainstream media What seldom gets talked about and when it is, often with irreverent humor and contempt is the poverty of rural America, particularly rural white America: Appalachia, the Ozarks, the Mississippi Delta, the Dakotas, the Rio Grande Valley, the Cotton Belt.If you spend time among coastal liberals, it s not unusual to hear denigrating remarks made about poor  middle Americans  slip out of mouths that are otherwise forthcoming about the injustices of poverty and inequality.Yet, since the 1950s, Americans living in non-metropolitan counties have had a higher rate of poverty than those living in metropolitan areas. According to the 2013 American Community Survey, the poverty rate among rural-dwelling Americans is three percent higher than it is among urban-dwellers. In the South, the poorest region of the country, the rural-urban discrepancy is greatest around eight percent higher in non-metro areas than metro areas.Watch here, as Levi Holstein, 22 explains what Obama s shut down of the coal industry has done to his community: Holstein s youth was spent hunting deer,turkey and bears,fishing for catfish with his father and riding four wheelers through the hills of Boone County. Now,the mountains he grew to love have been leveled in pursuit of coal,and their debris scraped into the hollow above his childhood home,destroying old haunts. I would be the first to tell you I hate strip mines. I hate it,I don t like it one bit,  Holstein said.  But at the same time it gives a man a job. Unfortunately, for 8 years we had a President who was committed to shutting down the coal industry in rural America, where primarily low income white families live.For Holstein,and many others throughout the region,the changes to the landscape and negative environmental impacts are weighed against paychecks to support their families. However,in the past few years career miners have seen their jobs vanish or move to other parts of the state.Once the most formidable industry in West Virginia,coal is progressively losing its economic dominance throughout Central Appalachia as production slows due to tightening pollution controls,greater availability of cheap natural gas and growing competition from other coal basins.From 2007 to 2012 West Virginia s annual coal production dropped by 31.7 million tons annually,falling over 20 percent,from 165.7 million to 129.5 million. Over half of that decline,17.9 million tons,came from Boone County,which until 2012 had long been the state s top producer.So why is the poverty of rural America largely unexamined, even avoided? There are a number of explanations.Rural and urban poverty are similar to the degree that both occur when people do not have access to jobs specifically ones that pay a living wage (i.e. enough to provide themselves and their dependents with basic necessities like food and shelter). Many of the causal factors for poverty, however, are exacerbated in remote areas where the job and labor markets are smaller and less diverse, and communities lack the human capital of city economies. Often a single industry (in some cases single employer) will dominate a vast region.The geographic distance between some rural communities and higher education institutions, as well as technical and vocational schools, is also a factor. According to U.S. Department of Agriculture Economic Research Service, 20 percent of non-metro residents complete their college degrees compared to 30 percent in metropolitan areas.Similarly, when it comes to providing social services in rural America, spatial challenges arise in making those services accessible and visible to a remote public. The repertoire of services available to [rural people] is smaller,  Lobao says. Her research indicates that 50 percent of metropolitan counties provide subsidies for emergency medical services, while only 30 percent of non-metro counties do. Similarly, 30 percent of metro counties make elder care available, but only 20 percent of non-metro counties do. And 25 percent of metro counties provide childcare care, but only 16 percent of non-metro countries do. Each of these deficits contributes to the higher rate of poverty that we see among the rural poor.Lisa Pruitt, a law professor at the University of California at Davis, studies the intersection of law and rural livelihoods. She also runs a site called the Legal Ruralism Blog, where she writes about the problem of rural American poverty. Pruitt grew up in a working-class rural Newton County in the Ozarks of northwest Arkansas. She tells Rural America In These Times that one important misconception about rural poverty is that it is an exclusively white problem. While the majority of rural Americans struggling with poverty are white, Pruitt says, the racial makeup of the rural poor is far more diverse than the image most Americans realize. We tend to associate rural poverty with whiteness,  Pruitt says.  When we think about rural poverty, most associations with rural poverty are with white populations and in fact, that is true to some extent but it s actually far from being monochromatic. The demographics of poverty in rural and urban America are quite similar. Though whites make up the majority of both metropolitan and non-metropolitan populations in the United States resulting in a higher numbers of whites living in poverty poverty rates throughout rural America are much higher among the rural minority population. According to the 2013 American Community Survey, 40 percent of blacks living in non-metro counties fall below the poverty line, compared to 15 percent of whites. Poverty rates among non-metro Hispanics and American Indians are also considerably higher than they are among whites.This popular association between rural American poverty and whiteness is key to understanding why the media, and liberal America as a whole, doesn t talk about rural American poverty. While black poverty in the United States is attributed to the legacies of slavery, Jim Crow, housing discrimination, incarceration, and other forms of institutionalized racism, we have no national narrative that explains white poverty. As a result, there is an implicit belief that whites who have benefited from all of the advantages that come with being white don t have a good reason to be poor. In other words, that when whites live in poverty, it is their fault, or even their choice.Since the 1960s, the current U.S. economic system has had as a constant feature 15 percent of the population living below the poverty line. For better or worse,  says Pruitt,  when we talk about poverty, we focus on black poverty, and we focus on Hispanic poverty. We ve collapsed our nation s poverty problem into our nation s racism problem and it leads us to turn a blind eye to rural poverty. One of Pruitt s overarching arguments is that this political polarization between the liberal mainstream and the rural poor is self-perpetuating, and will only worsen with time as the rural poor are  excluded from the pipeline to power. There is such a disconnect between the people in power in this country and the rural poor. It s a negative feedback loop,  says Pruitt.  If you re deciding who you are going to admit to Harvard and you see they grew up socio-economically disadvantaged from rural America, the knee-jerk reaction is,  We don t want those people among us. They re racist. They re uncouth. They re unsavory.   Though the left has all but cornered the subject of poverty and its myriad dimensions, the fact that rural Americans tend to espouse conservative positions on social issues like abortion and gay rights does not make the liberal media or Democratic candidates any more sympathetic to rural American poverty. And if the 2008 Presidential Election is any indicator, poor rural Americans, especially whites, feel increasingly at odds with liberal politics and liberal candidates. I think the assumption is that rural white voters are racist and illiberal and intolerant,  says Pruitt.  And so there are all sorts of incentives to distance ourselves for the Democratic presidential candidates to distances themselves from rural whites. I think that most rural white voters are pretty alienated from politics generally, and the Democratic Party in particular. Yet the left and working class rural Americans have many reasons to forge a stronger relationship specifically in challenging the authority of corporate America and growing the bargaining power of workers. Lobao, clearly frustrated, says rural sociologists have spent a lot of time thinking about how the left could appeal to rural Americans and often find themselves mired in  platitudes. The one thing that we could stress in terms of social values is the value of building community,  she said.    Do you like your community? Do you want to build it? Well why can t we?  We can try to emphasize building the community, you know, because people identify with their community whether they re Republican or Democrat.  Via: In These Times",0
21105,"28 YR OLD REFUGEE Turned European Soccer Star, Accused Of RAPING 19 Yr Old And LYING About His Age","What a hero what a guy what a crazy world we live in today  So much for  vetting  these criminals!AN asylum seeker held up as an example to others when he was signed by AC Milan after arriving in Italy has been exposed as a fraud after he was accused of rape in Germany.Former AC Milan player, Yusupha Yaffa, moved to Germany after being signed by Eintracht Frankfurt and is currently on loan to MSV Duisburg.But after he was arrested in Frankfurt for the attempted rape of a 19-year-old, prosecutors discovered irregularities in his asylum seeker papers in which he claimed to have been 17-years-old.And now it has been revealed that in fact he was an incredible nine years older than he claimed, and instead of being 19   the age in his player paperwork stipulates that he was born on 31 December 1996   he is actually aged 28.When he had applied in Italy in 2009 for asylum after arriving from Gambia, he had claimed that they had been lost and when giving his personal details had apparently not told the truth.In the Italian Gazzetta dello Sport, it was noted that the player had admitted on a Facebook page that he lied. The magazine quotes him writing:  I gave immigration officials at the time in Cuneo (in Northern Italy) a fake date of birth. Instead of 31 December 1996 I was born on 14th of November 1987. His parent club Eintracht Frankfurt have posted a 100,000 EUR (75,000 GBP) bail for the player which meant he only spent one night in investigative custody before he was freed pending a trial over the rape allegation.The revelation means that instead of being treated by the juvenile court, his paperwork will now be handed over to the regular court where he will be considered an adult, and could face a much higher sentence if convicted. As a teenager he would have probably expected a suspended sentence, but as an adult he is likely to get three years if convicted. Via: UK ExpressHe ll receive a much higher sentence as an adult? Three years? That s the punishment for raping in Germany? Wow! No wonder rape is such a common occurrence with these  refugees. ",0
21106,BREAKING UPDATE ON Obama’s War On Cops: Ohio Police Officer Murdered By Thug “looking to kill an officer” [VIDEO],"This random cop killing trend is almost like punishing every black man in America for the crimes Obama has committed against our nation. Most of us are smart enough to understand that you don t blame an entire group of people who are largely innocent of wrong doing, for a few bad apples. Now that Obama, Holder, Sharpton and DeBlasio have made blaming our law enforcement as a whole, for the crimes of a few, expect to see more of these hate crimes committed across America. This is a despicable new trend, and people need to start demanding those who started this war against our law enforcement are held accountable.Officials say they were warned a gunman was hunting cops in Ohio this weekend, and by Sunday evening they realized the terrible truth behind the warning when they found a bloody hat but no patrol car and no officer.Police say a woman in Danville called dispatch Sunday evening around 11:20 p.m. to warn them her ex-boyfriend, identified as 34-year-old Hershel Ray Jones III, was armed and  looking to kill an officer,  reports CBS affiliate WBNS-TV in Columbus.The woman said officers in the area of Danville, near Columbus, were in danger.Dispatchers frantically put out a call and failed to make contact with Danville Officer Thomas Cottrell. Deputies from the Knox County Sheriff s officer were dispatched, but all they turned up initially was a Cottrell s hat with blood on it, and nothing more.Their worst fears were later realized 20 minutes later when they Cottrell s body behind the Danville Municipal Building, clearly dead from gunshot wounds. His gun and patrol car had been stolen.He was the first officer killed in the state of Ohio in 2016, reports WBNS.Jones was tracked down a short while later, and spotted at 1:30 a.m. running out of a house. Police gave chase, and caught him near Danville Park. He has been named as the prime suspect in the murder.No charges have been announced yet.Via: CBS News",0
21107,RARE INTERVIEW WITH WHITE HOUSE SECRETARY: Bill Clinton Had Affairs With “thousands of women”…”Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made”,"This is a mind-blowing interview that confirms much of what many of us suspected about the Clintons. For some, it may be even worse than what they believed to be true. Kudos to Linda Tripp for agreeing to do this interview. People who cross the Clinton s do usually fare too well In a rare interview, Linda Tripp, a pivotal figure in the Monica Lewinsky scandal, revealed on Sunday it was common knowledge while she worked in the West Wing that Bill Clinton had affairs with  thousands of women. Speaking on  Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,  Tripp for the first time divulged that she personally knew another White House staffer aside from Lewinsky who was also having an affair with Clinton. That unnamed staffer was mentioned by Tripp in various depositions but she has not spoken about it publicly.She charged that Hillary Clinton not only knew about her husband s exploits,  She made it her personal mission to disseminate information and destroy the women with whom he dallied. Tripp says she cringes at the sight of Clinton presenting herself as  a champion of women s rights worldwide in a global fashion, and yet all of the women she has destroyed over the years to ensure her political viability continues is sickening to me. Tripp documented evidence of Lewinsky s phone calls about her relationship with Bill Clinton and submitted the evidence to independent counsel Kenneth Starr, leading to the public disclosure of the affair. She explained to Klein that she did so because she believed her own life and Lewinsky s were in danger, saying that Lewinsky was threatening Clinton with outing the relationship.Tripp also used the interview to criticize what she says is the news media s unwillingness to investigate the Clintons. She singled out and thanked Matt Drudge of the Drudge Report, declaring that without him  things would have been very, very different. Drudge s website was the first media outlet to break the Lewinsky scandal after Newsweek sat on the story.Tripp had unique access to the Clintons because her office was directly adjacent to Hillary s second floor West Wing office for the entire time she served in the Clinton White House from 1993 to the summer of 1994 with the exception of the first three months of the Clinton administration, when she sat just outside the Oval Office.Tripp s nonpartisan position was a carryover from the George H. W. Bush administration in which she served. Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made She told Klein that her role in the Lewinsky case followed  years of alarm at what I had seen in the Clinton White House, particularly Hillary and the different scandals, whether it was Filegate, Travelgate, Whitewater, Vince Foster. All of the scandals that had come before and were so completely obliterated in the mind s eye of the American people because of the way all of them were essentially discounted. So I watched a lying President and a lying First Lady present falsehoods to the American people. So my dismay predated the January 1998 period when the Monica Lewinsky scandal surfaced. To me it was very important that the American people see what I was seeing. My years with the Clintons were so disturbing on so many levels. Tripp maintains that she went public with the Lewinsky evidence to ensure the intern s safety as well as her own.She told Klein:I say today and I will continue to say that I believe Monica Lewinsky is alive today because of choices I made and action I took. That may sound melodramatic to your listeners. I can only say that from my perspective I believe that she and I at the time were in danger, because nothing stands in the way of these people achieving their political ends.I think that had it not become public when it did, particularly in light of the Paula Jones lawsuit, which was coming to a head with President Clinton s deposition, that we may well have met with an accident. It s a situation where unless you lived it as I did you would have no real framework of reference for this sort of situation.Tripp said the young Lewinsky, 21-years-old when she entered the White House as an intern, was unaware of the danger that she faced.She described Lewinsky as a  young girl, smart, clever   but in this one area she was blinded and she fancied herself in love. He fancied himself entitled. It was nothing more than a servicing agreement. She romanticized that there was an affair. And when it didn t pan out the way she had hoped it would   he had promised her he would bring her back to the White House as soon as the 1996 election campaign had finished. When he didn t, she essentially lost her mind and started acting in erratic and frightening ways. Threatening the president.There came a point in July of 1997 when she not only threatened to expose the affair, as she referred to it. But also she at that time informed him that I knew all about it. So at that time it became dangerous for Monica and for me. This was something that absolutely could never see the light of day. And she never realized the implications of threatening a president or her behavior. And I did.Tripp told Klein that  the biggest fallacy that most people believed is that this was a unique occurrence. Monica was somehow special. And regrettably that s the farthest thing from the truth. She said,  Everyone knew within the West Wing, particularly those who spent years with him, of the thousands of women. Now most of your listeners might find that difficult if not impossible to believe. And I can tell you in the beginning I felt the same way. But let me be clear here. This is a pattern of behavior that has gone on for years. And the abuse of women for years. Asked whether Clinton was having affairs with others in the West Wing, Tripp replied,  I know that to be true. One in particular who I will not name told me this herself. But as to the hundreds or thousands, remember I worked closely with the closest aides to the president. And it was a loosey-goosy environment so there was not a lot of holding back. So it was common knowledge, let s put it this way, within the West Wing that he had this problem. It was further common knowledge that Hillary was aware of it. Tripp described the tense West Wing atmosphere between what she characterized as two almost diametrically opposed Clinton camps.The dynamic between the two groups   the Bill Clinton people and the Hillary Clinton people. It was as though they were almost opposing forces. But I can tell you that the one with the power and the one that instilled the fear in the other was the Hillary camp.And the [Bill] Clinton people would cower if she were coming into the area, just as an example, of the Oval without notice. There would be scurrying around to make sure there was no one in the wrong place at the wrong time, shall we say. It was a fascination to see the amount of energy that was expended covering up his behavior. It was horrifying.Tripp said Hillary personally targeted Bill s female conquests and accusers, with the future presidential candidate exhibiting behavior that is  egregious and it s so disingenuous. In my case, for instance, right after the Lewinsky story broke, she was heard directing her staff to get anything and everything on Linda Tripp. So the defamation of character and the absolute assurance that my credibility would be destroyed began right away. And it happens with any woman who is involved in any way, either with him in a physical relationship or an assault or anything that can endanger their political viability.Tripp recalled Hillary s January 27, 1998 appearance on NBC s The Today Show in which she was seen as standing by her husband while blaming the Lewinsky scandal on a  vast right-wing conspiracy that has been conspiring against my husband since the day he announced for president. She didn t do it in an honest way,  said Tripp of Clinton s NBC interview.  Instead she lied, which didn t surprise me. And I will give her credit. She is enormously effective. And became a victim. A wife who was betrayed. This is someone who had no real personal problem with any of this behavior. The problem was in it becoming public. They had to continue to become electable  She was the more aggressive one in ensuring that the political viability was not endangered in any way. Tripp told Klein that Hillary  does not possess integrity on any level. I just wish that your listeners could know the person that I knew. Because if they did there is not a chance she would be elected president. Tripp s ringside seat afforded her rare insight into the scandals of the 1990s and perhaps alleged wrongdoings to come, with the West Wing employee personally witnessing behavior that may have foreshadowed Clinton s email scandal, in which she is accused of sending classified materials through her personal server.Tripp said she noticed major differences in the manner in which classified material was handled by both the Clinton and Bush administrations in which she served.President George H.W. Bush s administration had  a completely different way of operating on every level, including on classified and secret material,  she said.She continued:All the regulations were followed, right down to a cover sheet being essential if the document had had any sort of classifications. The securing of classified documentation in safes. The burn bags that were used if any sensitive material was to be disposed of. All of this was familiar to me and followed every security protocol that I had experienced in the past.When the Clintons came in this was one of the things that I found appalling right from day one. And it went hand and hand with the disdain for the military. The military was present in the White House in the form of presidential aides. The aide that carried the nuclear football, just as an example. And in the Bush White House they were respected, as they should be. In the Clinton White House, they were disdained. To see it treated this way and to see these people treated this way was disturbing.Tripp referred to Clinton s private mail woes as  classic Hillary Clinton in a nutshell. She gets to decide what she does. Look, the rules don t apply to the Clintons. If you understand that basic premise you understand the Clintons. For Tripp, Clinton s use of a private server was  all about control. She has a need to control every single aspect of her life. And you know anyone in government knows that any key stroke on a keyboard within a government agency belongs to the government  it is not up to the employee on any level to control what happens to it for posterity. FOR ENTIRE INTERVIEW, CLICK HERE: Breitbart News",0
21108,BRITISH WOMAN LOSES VIRGINITY To Asylum Seeking Rapist On Her Way To Church,"Europe is likely not going to be a top destination for families with young daughters, and they have no one to blame but themselves for this idiocy. Political correctness will be the death of Europe as we know it. Do Americans have the fortitude to stop the bleeding here, before the invasion of foreigners on our soil is officially out of control? PREDATORY asylum seeker who  chillingly  raped a 21-year-old devout Christian woman next to a church was starting a 10 year jail sentence today.Eritrean-born Mebrehtom Abrha, 25, stalked the vulnerable virgin for 10 minutes as she walked through Liverpool city centre to her boyfriend s house at 6am last July 19.Liverpool Crown Court heard he dragged her off the pavement and into a grassy area before raping her twice in a harrowing four-minute ordeal.The terrifying attack left the devout Christian  angry at God  and fearing she had contracted HIV, an appalled judge was told.Abrha, who lived in Liverpool before fleeing to Birmingham, was arrested following a BBC Crimewatch appeal on October 12.Today he started an extended sentence of 10 years  imprisonment with a further five years on licence as his victim told the court:  I felt ashamed, dirty and unclean. Going to church has always been in an important part of my life but since the attack I was not able to go to church for many months. I was angry at God and I was angry at myself for feeling this way. The victim also admitted the attack caused her to end her relationship with her boyfriend, adding:  I have lost any desire to do anything in my life. I feel terrified in the shower. I get the feeling that someone is going to get me and I start to panic. The victim   who cannot be named for legal reasons   had been out clubbing on Saturday July 18 last year and agreed to meet her boyfriend the following morning.Prosecutor David McLachlan told the court she could not get a taxi so opted to walk the mile-and-a-half route.Despite warnings to not cut through the park from her boyfriend, she did   and was confronted by the East African man who dragged her off into a wooded area nearby.He then subjected her to a horrific attack, ripping open her dress before raping her and  chillingly  walking away.Afterwards the woman   covered in dirt and with injuries to her back and neck   ran to her boyfriend s house and he raised the alarm.Michael O Brien, defending Abhra, read out part of a letter of apology from his client, which went:  This was an un-Christian act and I did a horrible thing to this woman. I ask for forgiveness. Ahbra was granted asylum for five years in June 2014 after claiming he was forced to flee his native country after being conscripted to the Eritrean army aged 18.Ahbra, who has no previous convictions and spoke through a Tigrignan interpreter, claimed he had no memory of the attack as he was too inebriated.Ahbra held his hand to his eyes as David Aubrey QC sentenced him before he made the sign of the cross as he was led down in to custody.Judge Aubrey told him:  You watched her, you followed her, pursued her, threatened her and raped her before, somewhat chillingly, walking away calmly. I cannot ignore the tragic irony of this case that you attacked her next to a church. Afterwards Merseyside Police Det Insp Terry Davies said: There is no doubt that this had had a significant impact on his young victim, who will now have to live with this for the rest of her life. Via: Express UK",0
21109,BREAKING UDATE: IRAN CONFIRMS $1.7 BILLION Was RANSOM Payment For Prisoners And NOT Part Of “Nuclear Deal” ORIGINAL STORY: OBAMA AND KERRY Agree To Give Iran $1.7 BILLION U.S. Taxpayer Dollars As “Settlement”,"Whiskey Tango Foxtrot!The United States  sent Iran $400 million in debt plus $1.3 billion in interest, and the money was disbursed as a ransom payment for four American hostages of the Islamic regime, a top Iranian commander said Wednesday afternoon. Therefore, the U.S. paid the Iranian regime $425 million dollars per American hostage, according to the commander. The annulment of sanctions against Iran s Bank Sepah and reclaiming of $1.7mln of Iran s frozen assets after 36 years showed that the US doesn t understand anything but the language of force,  said Iranian Basij Commander Brig Gen Mohammed Reza Naqdi, addressing his forces in Tehran. This money was returned for the freedom of the US spy and it was not related to the (nuclear) negotiations,  he claimed, according to state-controlled Fars News Agency.Four Americans who were held hostage by the Islamic Republic   Washington Post reporter Jason Rezaian, U.S. Marine Amir Hekmati, Pastor Saeed Abedini, and Nosratollah Khosrawi Roudsari (who decided to stay in Iran)   were part of the deal that included the ransom payment, along with the release of seven Iranians who were sitting in American jails on charges of thwarting international sanctions, and the delisting of 14 Iranian nationals from Interpol s Red List, which seeks international criminals for extradition.A fifth American, Matthew Trevithick, who was imprisoned by Tehran, was also released, but under the terms of a separate deal, according to reports.The U.S. State Department tells Breitbart News that the payment to Iran was  separate but simultaneous,  and not a ransom. We did not pay ransom to secure the return of these Americans. The funds that were transferred to Iran were part of a separate but simultaneous arrangement we agreed to with Iran related to the U.S.-Iran Claims Tribunal at the Hague,  a State Department spokesperson told Breitbart News late Wednesday.State Department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters earlier on Wednesday in Washington that no ransom was paid, rejecting the remarks of the Iranian commander. There was no bribe, there was no ransom, there was nothing paid to secure the return of these Americans who were, by the way, not spies. We ve spoken to this in the days after their release on Sunday morning in great detail about how this process worked. There was this consular channel that was opened up to secure their release,  Toner said. Via: Breitbart NewsHere is the question we posed after discovering the interesting timing of this $1.7 BILLION payment to Iran while 4 American prisoners were being simultaneously released:Was this transfer of funds to a terrorist state (via the American taxpayer), the REAL reason the prisoners  (hostages) Iran was holding were suddenly released? Did the incompetent Obama-Kerry duo use this  settlement  as a bargaining chip to make it appear as though freeing these hostages was part of the Iran nuclear deal all along? This is absolutely sickening The United States and Iran on Sunday settled a longstanding claim at the Hague, releasing to Tehran $400 million in funds frozen since 1981 plus $1.3 billion in interest, the State Department said.The funds were part of a trust fund once used by Iran to purchase military equipment from the United States but which was tied up for decades in litigation at the Iran-US Claims Tribunal.The settlement announcement was made after Tehran released five American detainees in a prisoner swap as a nuclear deal was implemented. Via: Business Insider ",0
21110,WATCH HILLARY SQUIRM When Mainstream Media Asks If She Plans To Watch “13 Hours” Movie,"Hillary was too busy to be bothered with making Benghazi a safer place for Ambassador Stevens, so it should really come as no surprise that she s too busy to watch  13 HOURS,  the true story of Benghazi. By the way, whoever told Hillary that calling the families of the four men killed in Benghazi  liars,  just as the true story of what really happened under her watch is coming out in theaters nationwide, should be fired One of the enduring mysteries of the Benghazi tragedy is why anyone ever took seriously Hillary Clinton s blaming some obscure maker of a YouTube video for the attack. That mystery, however, is dwarfed by the way the media try to pretend that Hillary s denials of that happening are anything other than bald-faced (that bald-face would be pasty white, wrinkled, and bewhiskered). In testimony elicited by the Benghazi Committee and in released emails, it has become apparent that no one ever thought the video was to blame and Clinton has, herself, attempted to claim that she never blamed the video.Now there is a new  wrinkle  to the story. Hillary told the families that the video was the cause of the attack that led to the deaths of their family members. Now she is saying they are lying.First, there is her statement when she, shamelessly, stood in the hangar at Dover AFB as the bodies of the dead men returned home:CLINTON: Many others from across the Middle East and North Africa have offered similar sentiments.This has been a difficult week for the State Department and for our country. We ve seen the heavy assault on our post in Benghazi that took the lives of those brave men. We ve seen rage and violence directed at American embassies over an awful Internet video that we had nothing to do with.Then we have the families themselves:Transcript via TownhallTyrone Woods  father (who took notes about their meeting):  I gave Hillary a hug and shook her hand. And she said we are going to have the film maker arrested who was responsible for the death of my son She said   the filmmaker who was responsible for the death of your son Sean Smith s mother:  She s absolutely lying. She told me something entirely different at the casket ceremony. She said it was because of the video. Sean Smith s uncle:  Mrs. Clinton really has a problem embracing the truth. Glen Doherty s sister:  When I think back now to that day and what she knew, it shows me a lot about her character that she would choose in that moment to basically perpetuate what she knew was untrue. On ABC s This Week, Clinton family retainer, George Stephanopoulos, revisited the issue   I have no idea why other than some misbegotten effort to  set the record straight    and got this response:https://youtu.be/jAUDS-aLGjISTEPHANOPOULOS: Did you tell them it was about the film? And what s your response?CLINTON: No. You know, look I understand the continuing grief at the loss that parents experienced with the loss of these four brave Americans. And I did testify, as you know, for 11 hours. And I answered all of these questions. Now, I can t   I can t help it the people think there has to be something else there. I said very clearly there had been a terrorist group, uh, that had taken responsibility on Facebook, um, between the time that, uh, I   you know, when I talked to my daughter, that was the latest information; we were, uh, giving it credibility. And then we learned the next day it wasn t true. In fact, they retracted it. This was a fast-moving series of events in the fog of war and I think most Americans understand that.So we have Hillary blaming the video at the arrival of the caskets. We have all four families agreeing that they were told it was a video. We have Hillary on record blaming the video in the week after the attack. And now she says it never happened.This woman is a pathological liar. The sad thing is that she could probably pass a lie detector test. Via: Red State ",0
21111,AUSTRIAN PARENTS AND TEACHERS Sacrifice Young Girls At Liberal Altar: Teen Refugees Sexually Abuse School Girls For Months,"Anyone up for a European vacation? How about sending your young daughters to Europe to study for a semester or two? Is this the end of the tourism and  study abroad  business for America s youth? More reports of European countries sacrificing their young girls on the altar of Islamic supremacism. School girls were sexually assaulted and groped by the boys for months. The girls had suffered for so long without reporting the abuse, as authorities most obviously turned a blind eye.The headmaster said that the male pupils had all come to Austria as unaccompanied minors from Syria and Afghanistan and she believed them to be happy and grateful for being allowed to live in Austria and attend school, adding that  they were integrating themselves very well. I am sure that the victims were afraid to come forward. Afraid they d be called racists. Afraid the Muslims would take their revenge on them and their families. Schoolgirls report abuse by young asylum seekers,  The Local, January 15, 2015 (thanks to Lookmann):Austrian officials are investigating allegations that four under-age asylum seekers sexually harassed and assaulted three schoolgirls for months, without anybody taking action.The four boys attended the Schlossstrasse middle school in Salzburg. It was only in the wake of the widely reported New Year sexual assaults in Cologne that one of the victims, aged 14, made a complaint to police.That resulted in the four youngsters, aged 14, 15 and 16, being suspended. Only one of them had a residence permit.According to a report in the Kronen Zeitung newspaper, three female students say they were assaulted and groped by the boys for months.Last Wednesday an attack on one girl was reportedly so severe that it came to the attention of the school headmistress Eva Szalony, who made a complaint to police.She said the allegations were  a complete shock  and that the school is now investigating why the girls had suffered for so long without reporting the abuse.She said that the male pupils had all come to Austria as unaccompanied minors from Syria and Afghanistan and she believed them to be happy and grateful for being allowed to live in Austria and attend school, adding that  they were integrating themselves very well .Police have now confirmed they are investigating allegations of sexual assault, grievous bodily harm and threats.The allegations go back to last November, and involve verbal abuse and suggestive comments as well as physical violence in which the girls say they were groped and fondled.The attacks got more serious as time went by. The 14-year-old said that she was often hit by a 15-year-old from Afghanistan, including an incident where she was hit so badly from behind that she smashed her head onto the desk.She was attacked again on Wednesday by the same boy, who smashed her against a locker so hard that the police were called. They took the victim and the accused to the station. After hearing of her ordeal, police then expanded the investigation.Local education officials in Salzburg have said the incidents are being dealt with very seriously and that it will appoint a coordinator to oversee all school-age asylum seekers and their teachers. Via: Pamela Gellar ",0
21112,MUSLIM ASSIMILATION UPDATE: Migrants Arrested For STONING Transgender Women In GERMANY,"This is a story is for anyone who thinks these Muslim migrants are going to change their stone-age tactics because they are living at the expense of taxpayers in another country. Three young men from North Africa were arrested on Saturday in the western German city of Dortmund for stoning two transgender women.According to a report on Friday on television station SAT1.NRW, the men attacked Yasmine und Elisa, two transgender women, near the city s main train station. Within seconds we were tossed around and they took stones from a gravel bed on the corner and threw them at us,  said Elisa.A police car appeared at the train station as the stoning attack unfolded and arrested the men.The German media as a general rule do not disclose the last names of victims to protect their privacy. The three men are between 16 and 18 years-old and are known to the authorities from theft and assault arrests.Dortmund police official Kim-Ben Freigang said the suspects told the police that  such persons must be stoned. Yasmine installed a security camera at the residence where she lives with Elisa after the attacks.  That was barbaric what they did. They are barbarians,  Yasmine said.She added that she could not believe that such an act of shamelessness occurred.  In 2016, in Germany, with stoning!  According to the SATI.NRW report, Yasmine said it was the first time in 30 years she felt unsafe as a transgender woman.According to Yasmine and Elisa, the three young men propositioned them, but after they realized that Yasmine and Elisa are transgender women, they attacked them with stones.Stoning people to death is a penalty used in nine Muslim-majority countries. In November, a criminal court in Iran s northern province of Gilan sentenced a woman to be executed by stoning for alleged complicity in the murder of her husband, Arash Babaieepour Tabrizinejad. Via: Jerusalem Post",0
21113,NOT TO BE MISSED! The Brilliant Daniel Hannan On Socialism Versus Liberty: “Hitler was a socialist” [Video],Wish we could clone this guy   we love Daniel Hannan! We couldn t have said it better! ,0
21114,UFC Fighter And Former U.S. Special Forces Sniper Offered FBI Protection After ISIS Makes “Credible Threats” Against Him…His Response Is PRICELESS [VIDEO],"This hero s response to the threat of Islamic terror reminds us why we fight so hard to keep the Left from taking our 2nd Amendment Right away UFC fighter and ex-Green Beret Tim Kennedy has been questioned by the FBI after receiving threats from ISIS, Kennedy claimed on social media on Wednesday. Just spoke to the FBI regarding some recent credible threats towards me by #ISIS,  Kennedy wrote in a post to his official Facebook page. [The FBI] were not overly thrilled with my response    Let those cowards come,  the mixed martial art competitor wrote. In an interview with Daily Mail Online, Kennedy, 36, said he receives several threats every day from what he calls  online bullies. They do what they always do. But they barked up the wrong tree this time,  said Kennedy, who is ranked number six in the Ultimate Fighting Championship s middleweight class.  Are you gonna threat a Special Forces sniper? Tell him you re gonna kill him? Watch Tim Kennedy s awesome response to Tucker Carlson about the threats he s received from ISIS. This should be on a loop and played on every American TV and radio show:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>This morning on Fox and Friends. Fun interview. Tucker had no idea what to say.Posted by Tim Kennedy on Saturday, 16 January 2016Kennedy said most of the threats he receives are sent through social media. He claimed some of the more recent threats were noticed by the FBI and that the agency called him up to warn him the threats could be credible. When someone from an account overseas send American military celebrities pictures of beheaded bodies, saying they are going to kill you, the FBI takes notice,  Kennedy said. According to Kennedy, the FBI offered him  extra uniformed presence  and to post squad cars outside his Texas residency. But the FBI s help is  not necessary,  Kennedy said. These guys kill women, unarmed journalists, and kids. They don t go after people like me. I spent 12 years looking for people like this. They re gutless cowards. Kennedy, who operates the self-defense company Sheepdog and works as a Special Forces weapons sergeant, said the call from FBI will not make him take extra precautions. I have two guns on me right now. If they come after me, my family or my friends, it s going to be the worst and last mistake they ever made. Via: UK Daily Mail",0
21115,NEW YORK CITY VALUES? “Masturbation Stations” Sets Up For Men To “Relieve Stress” Midday,"You ve got to be kidding! New York c mon! We just don t see this lasting for long. It s a perfect little  mini home  for one of the homeless people in NYC. Looking so forward to the exit of Mayor DeBlasio On Tuesday, Hot Octopuss erected what it called a  GuyFi  booth on 28th Street and 5th Avenue in New York City, where men could, in theory, go to  relieve stress. The company simply put a cloth over a phone booth in what amounted to a marketing gimmick. Inside was a chair and a laptop.Hot Octopuss was inspired by a Time Out survey, which concluded that 39% of the New York men it questioned admitted to masturbating while at work. A more expansive Glamour survey of 1,000 men in 2012 suggested 31% of its readers have done so.SEE ALSO: VR porn is here and it s scary how realistic it isHot Octopuss created the booth so men can  take this habit out of the office and into a more suitable environment designed to give the busy Manhattan man the privacy, and the high-speed Internet connection, he deserves. We may be insinuating that these booths could be used in whichever way anyone would like to  self soothe,  a representative tells Mashable,  but the brand is not actively encouraging people to masturbate in public as that is an illegal offense. The company claims approximately 100 men used the booth on its inaugural day.Read more: Gateway Pundit",0
21116,CHILLING Democrat Sponsored GUN “SEIZURE” Bill Is Introduced In GA,"If GA residents are paying attention, these six Democrats will be looking for a job in the private sector after the next election. Americans need to understand the effort to dismantle and ultimately destroy the 2nd Amendment happens at the Federal, State and local level. These Leftists are like a dog-on-a-bone when it comes to gun control. Democrats are seizing the opportunity to take our rights while they still have a friend in the White House advocating on their behalf The drip drip drip of communism: If the [political] opposition disarms, well and good. If it refuses to disarm, we shall disarm it ourselves. Josef StalinSix Democrats in Georgia s state House of Representatives unveiled a bill on Jan. 11 that would  require seizure  of  certain weaponry and ammunition  that is deemed as contraband, effectively banning  assault weapons  and  large-capacity magazines. HB 731, which is sponsored by Mary Margaret Oliver, Carolyn Hugley, Pat Gardiner, Stacey Abrams, Dar shun Kendrick and Dee Dawkins-Haigler, would amend current law to  prohibit the possession, sale, transport, distribution or use of certain assault weapons, large capacity magazines, armor-piercing bullets, and incendiary .50 caliber bullets. The text of the bill goes on to say that certain weapons would be required to be seized by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, with increased penalties for use and possession of machine guns, among other related regulations.Information posted to sponsor Oliver s website clearly notes that HB 731, which was introduced on the first day of the 2016 session, would  ban assault weapons and high-capacity magazines. In the same statement, the Democratic representative made her stance on the sale of certain guns more than clear. Georgia needs debate about these weapons which are only used for rapidly killing people,  the statement read.  Assault weapons are not necessary for deer hunting. The text of HB 731 proclaims that the sale, possession or distribution of  any assault weapon  will come at a profound cost. No person shall possess, distribute, transport, transfer, or sell any assault weapon,  it reads.  Any person who distributes, transports, or imports an assault weapon into this state shall be guilty of a felony and, upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by imprisonment for not less than two nor more than ten years. The proposed bill goes on for almost two pages, explaining and specifically naming the types of guns that are included in the sponsors  definition of an  assault weapon.  Here s just a portion of that section of the bill:The proposed measure also defines a  large-capacity magazine  to be  any firearm magazine, belt, drum, feed strip, or similar device that has the capacity of, or can be readily restored or converted to accept, more than ten rounds of ammunition. The text gets very specific when it comes to how large-capacity magazines will be handled under the law, if, indeed, HB 731 is passed, detailing the imposed punishments for those who still have them in their possession after Jan. 1, 2017. Any person who possesses a large capacity magazine on or after January 1, 2017, that was obtained by such person prior to July 1, 2016, shall be fined not more than $100.00 for a first offense and shall be guilty of a felony for any subsequent offense,  it reads.  Any person who possesses a large capacity magazine on or after January 1, 2017, that was obtained by such person on or after July 1, 2016, shall be guilty of a felony. Those who do possess either an assault weapon or a large-capacity magazine, as defined in the text of the bill, on July 1, 2016, will need to either modify the weapon to magazine to  render it permanently inoperable or such that it is no longer an assault weapon or large capacity magazine  or give the firearm over to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation to be destroyed; gun owners will have an Oct. 31, 2016 deadline to do so.Read the text of HB 731 here.  Via: The Blaze",0
21117,"MEET CLASSY “F*ck the police, F*ck the NRA, F*ck the law” Professor Who Met With Obama After Speech","What a nice role model for young Americans who hope to someday grow up to be a Saul Alinsky radical just like Barack Hussein Obama, aka Barry Sotoero. Don t you think America is owed an explanation as to why this scumbag was able to meet with Obama following his speech a couple days ago in Omaha? A University of Nebraska-Omaha university professor who used a December 28 Facebook tirade to say  F**k the law,   F**k police,  and  F**k the NRA  was allowed to meet President Obama after his January 13 speech in Omaha.The professor s name is Amanda Gailey. She is also the director of Nebraskans Against Gun Violence.Here is Gailey s Facebook rant in it s entirety:F**k the society that has allowed itself to become so saturated in guns that it s plausible a child might have one at a park. F**k the laws that allow toy makers to make toys that look like real guns and that allow gun makers to make guns that look like toys. F**k racists who think black children look like adults. F**k a legal and police system that allows grown white men to pose with sniper rifles on a university campus or in a grocery store and allows insurrectionists to train guns on government agents with no consequences but sounds the alarms when a black child is carrying a toy gun. F**k police officers who undertook a job that carries inherent risk but think any perceived threat to them whatsoever justifies instantaneous lethal force. F**k police officers who pull up as close as possible to an alleged threat so that they can execute the person as quickly as possible without assessing the situation first. F**k prosecutors who can indict a ham sandwich but can t indict a cop who executed a child. And f**k the NRA for greasing this machine every fucking day with the blood of American children.On January 14 weeks after the original post was put up Gailey put up another post in which she attempted to explain that her criticism of police was limited to  bad-apple officers,  not good ones. And she was specifically outraged by the fact that the no charges were filed against officers who shot 195 pound, 12-year-old Tamir Rice after a 911 dispatcher told officers  a young man [was] playing with a weapon and pointing it at people outside of a local recreation center. Gailey wrote:I did write a Facebook post that expressed my outrage at the police shooting of a 12-year-old child and the failure to indict the bad-apple police officers involved. My criticism of the police was limited to those officers who engage in that kind of policing, which I believe is clear in my post. I did not malign the police in general, nor did I want to, because I respect the many good officers who serve our communities and have even helped me in the past. I know that most police officers are doing hard work in hard conditions, and they are in the front lines of a society saturated in guns, facing threats that police in our peer nations do not. They are key players in our struggle for safe and fair communities.This is Gailey s explanation for  F**k the police  as well as  F**k the society,   F**k the laws,  and  F**k the NRA,  among other things.  Via: Breitbart NewsHere is a screen shot of her Facebook rant: ",0
21118,GERMAN CARNIVAL CANCELLED Over Fears Of Muslim Refugee Sex Attacks,"The citizens of Rheinberg, Germany can thank the mind-numbingly short-sighted progressives, who thought a country with open borders was a good idea In Rheinberg, in the Wesel district, for the first time a carnival procession has been cancelled with reference to the refugee situation. The Shrove Tuesday procession in the Orsoy district will not take place. A spokesman for the city of Rheinberg made reference to the New Year s Eve attacks in Cologne: it cannot be excluded that refugees would visit the procession and through, for example, excessive alcohol consumption, scenes like those in Cologne would occur.In Orsoy, where around 3000 people live, there is a central accommodation institution for the state of North Rhine Westphalia in a former hospital. 200 refugees live there; at the start of February another 300 will come.This situation contains a  potential for danger , said the city spokesman. Most refugees are not familiar with carnival processions; in addition, many North Africans live in Orsoy. According to initial information, the perpetrators in Cologne were also mainly North Africans. 650 criminal complaints have now been filed there. Via: rp online",0
21119,"THEY KNEW! Federal Government Knew Flint, MI Water Was POISONED, Kept It Hidden…10 Have Already Died","This story is for anyone who believes the government is capable of basic addition. Even though this news is out there for everyone to see, the Left continues to use this crisis as an opportunity to try to pin the gross negligence of the EPA on the Republican Governor of Michigan. Flint, MI is a Democrat ruled, crime ridden, poverty stricken hell-hole. Stay tuned for the  environmental injustice  narrative Obama will soon be pushing. He s just waiting for the right time to demand federal funds be funneled into Democrat ruled, failing cities across America you know, to prevent further environmental crises. We all know #BlackLivesMatter would have already been there if someone was able to pin this on the rich, white Republican Governor of MI The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency s top Midwest official said her department knew as early as April about the lack of corrosion controls in Flint s water supply   a situation that likely put residents at risk for lead contamination   but said her hands were tied in bringing the information to the public.Starting with inquiries made in February, the federal agency battled Michigan s Department of Environmental Quality behind the scenes for at least six months over whether Flint needed to use chemical treatments to keep lead lines and plumbing connections from leaching into drinking water. The EPA did not publicize its concern that Flint residents  health was jeopardized by the state s insistence that such controls were not required by law.Instead of moving quickly to verify the concerns or take preventative measures, federal officials opted to prod the DEQ to act, EPA Region 5 Administrator Susan Hedman told The Detroit News this week. Hedman said she sought a legal opinion on whether the EPA could force action, but it wasn t completed until November.The state didn t agree to apply corrosion controls until late July and didn t publicly concede until October that it erroneously applied the federal Lead and Copper Rule overseeing water quality.An EPA water expert, Miguel Del Toral, identified potential problems with Flint s drinking water in February, confirmed the suspicions in April and summarized the looming problem in a June internal memo. The state decided in October to change Flint s drinking water source from the corrosive Flint River back to the Detroit water system.Critics have charged Hedman with attempting to keep the memo s information in-house and downplaying its significance.As soon as the lack of corrosion controls became apparent, state and federal officials should have acted to protect the public, said Virginia Tech researcher Marc Edwards, whose water analysis in 2015 helped uncover Flint s lead contamination. At that point, you do not just have smoke, you have a three-alarm fire and should respond immediately,  said Edwards, who, along with the American Civil Liberties Union of Michigan, has obtained dozens of key documents related to Flint s crisis through public record requests.  There was no sense of urgency at any of the relevant agencies, with the obvious exception of Miguel Del Toral, and he was silenced and discredited. About five months after being alerted to the lack of corrosion controls, a researcher at Hurley Medical Center in Flint began in August detecting high levels of lead in the bloodwork of city children. Lead poisoning can cause learning disabilities and, at high levels, may lead to seizures, coma and death, according to the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.Hedman defended her agency s handling of the Flint water situation, saying her water quality staff repeatedly worked to convince the DEQ that corrosion controls were needed   to no avail. Let s be clear, the recommendation to DEQ (regarding the need for corrosion controls) occurred at higher and higher levels during this time period,  Hedman said in a Detroit News interview.  And the answer kept coming back from DEQ that  no, we are not going to make a decision until after we see more testing results.   Michigan Governor Rick Snyder announced yesterday that 10 people have died from Legionnaire s disease in Flint, Mich. Eighty-seven cases of Legionnaire s disease have been found in and around Flint in the past 18 months.Flint s long-running water problems with drinking water have shaken Michigan s government, leading to last month s resignation of DEQ Director Dan Wyant and last week s state declaration of an emergency in the city. An independent task force appointed by Gov. Rick Snyder to review the situation placed the bulk of the blame for Flint s crisis on the DEQ.The federal government s actions are worth exploring, said Chris Kolb, co-chairman of the task force. We have made a request to speak with a number of EPA employees,  said Kolb, president of the Michigan Environmental Council and a former Democratic state representative.Flint s water crisis gained a national profile in the past week, as President Barack Obama s chief of staff said Sunday the White House is  very concerned  and is monitoring the situation  very closely.  Former Obama Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, a Democratic presidential hopeful, called on the administration Tuesday to  step up  with assistance for Flint as well as do an  expedited review  of the city s water infrastructure.DEQ-EPA battleDEQ and EPA staffers were at loggerheads over dueling interpretations of the Lead and Copper Rule   a 25-year-old regulation designed to protect drinking water from metals contamination. The interpretation of the rule proved to be crucial after the city   under Snyder-appointed emergency managers   switched from Lake Huron water provided by the Detroit system to Flint River water as a cost-saving move in the spring of 2014.Following the switch, DEQ officials argued water testing, including two six-month periods of sampling, needed to be completed before making a decision on the need for corrosion controls. EPA officials, according to Hedman, wanted the controls implemented immediately out of concern for public health.If they knew Flint s lack of corrosion measures would likely result in lead reaching the drinking water   by June, testing would show it had   why didn t EPA officials inform the public when the DEQ failed to act?Hedman said federal law clearly lays out the state and federal responsibilities in overseeing safe drinking water. The EPA s role is to establish treatment standards and monitoring techniques, and provide technical assistance, she said. The state acts as the primary regulator of water operations. It is important to understand the clear roles here,  Hedman said.  Communication about lead in drinking water and the health impacts associated with that, that s the role of DHHS, the county health department and the drinking water utility. In addition, EPA officials argue that there wasn t sufficient early evidence for any sweeping steps to be taken.Hedman said the EPA talked with its legal counsel about its authority to compel action   a question that wouldn t be straightened out for months. In the interim, she said her agency urged Michigan to have its Department of Health and Human Services provide information on precautions for residents.EPA s lack of urgencyBut critics such as Edwards contend Hedman acted with no urgency, even behind the scenes. A week after the June 24 memo was circulated, an email exchange between Hedman and then-Flint Mayor Dayne Walling showed no sense of alarm over the threat to public health and more concern about procedure. The preliminary draft report should not have been released outside the agency,  Hedman wrote in the July 1 email.  When the report has been revised and fully vetted by EPA management, the findings and recommendations will be shared with the city and DEQ will be responsible for following up with the city. The revised and vetted memo was released four months later   in November. Edwards has described Del Toral s original memo as  100 percent accurate  in its assessment of the looming problem.Flint s drinking water ills led to the resignations last month of both Wyant and DEQ spokesman Brad Wurfel. It also caused the October reassignment of Liane Shekter Smith, then chief of DEQ s Office of Drinking Water and Municipal Assistance. The crisis prompted Snyder to switch Flint back over to the Detroit water system in mid-October until a new regional water authority using Lake Huron as its source is completed later this year.Despite all of the moves, officials warn that unfiltered Flint water is still not safe to drink.There has been no fallout for federal environmental officials. There s been a failure at all levels to accurately assess the scale of the public health crisis in Flint, and that problem is ongoing,  said state Senate Minority Leader Jim Ananich, D-Flint.  However, the EPA s Miguel Del Toral did excellent work in trying to expose this disaster. Anyone who read his memo and failed to act should be held accountable to the fullest extent of the law. Congressman Dan Kildee, D-Flint Township, stressed that the lion s share of responsibility for Flint s situation lies with the state DEQ.Yet he has questions about how the Lead and Copper Rule   ostensibly a safeguard for the public   may have contributed to EPA s response. If changes are necessary, he wants them made. There is a legitimate concern about EPA s performance in terms of alerting the public,  Kildee said.  And frankly, as a member of Congress, I want to know when there s the potential of a health crisis in my district.   Via: The Detroit News",0
21120,BOOM! Danish Government Considers Seizing Migrant’s Valuables To Pay For Benefits,"Is the European gravy train finally coming to an end?The Danish parliament is considering a bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their benefits.The leftists are very upset about this commonsense legislation. Daily Sabah reported:A controversial Danish bill to seize migrants  valuables to pay for their stay in asylum centers looks set to pass in parliament after the government on Tuesday secured a parliamentary majority.Parliament was set to begin a series of debates on the bill yesterday, ahead of a vote on Jan. 26. Faced with a storm of criticism, Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen, whose right-wing Venstre party is behind the plan, called it  the most misunderstood bill in Denmark s history. His minority government and its right-wing allies, the far-right Danish People s Party (DPP), the Liberal Alliance and the Conservative People s Party, reached an agreement on the bill on Tuesday with the opposition Social Democrats, meaning it is now supported by a majority of parties in parliament.The amended bill would allow Danish authorities to seize migrants  cash exceeding 10,000 kroner ($1,450), as well as any individual items valued at more than 10,000 kroner.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21121,IS GOP ESTABLISHMENT Responsible For Pro-Amnesty Spanish Version Of Nikki Haley’s GOP Response To Obama’s SOTU? [Video],"This is a very big development. We all knew the GOP establishment has been pandering to pro-amnesty corporations and the Chamber of Commerce, but this is a new low, even for the GOP establishment There is a bigger controversy about to break wide-open that s potentially far more significant than Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell approving Nikki Haley s non-subtle attack on GOP frontrunner Donald Trump. That bigger controversy is the Spanish version of the GOP State of the Union rebuttal containing an  amnesty pledge .As this is written, Governor Nikki Haley is trying to get out ahead of the building expose . Haley just gave a DC press conference claiming she does not support  amnesty ; however, against her earlier admission of Speaker Ryan and Leader McConnell approving her script   the Spanish version must have held similar approvals.Governor Haley gave the English version, Miami Representative and party-insider Mario Diaz-Barlat delivered it in Spanish.ENGLISH:SPANISH:Here s a (paragraph by paragraph) comparison as translated by the Miami Herald (emphasis mine):  English (Via Haley): No one who is willing to work hard, abide by our laws, and love our traditions should ever feel unwelcome in this country.Spanish (Via Diaz-Barlat): No one who is willing to work hard, abide by our laws, and love the United States should ever feel unwelcome in this country. It s not who we are.  English: At the same time, that does not mean we just flat out open our borders. We can t do that. We cannot continue to allow immigrants to come here illegally. And in this age of terrorism, we must not let in refugees whose intentions cannot be determined.Spanish: At the same time, it s obvious that our immigration system needs to be reformed. The current system puts our national security at risk and is an obstacle for our economy.  English: We must fix our broken immigration system. That means stopping illegal immigration. And it means welcoming properly vetted legal immigrants, regardless of their race or religion. Just like we have for centuries.Spanish: It s essential that we find a legislative solution to protect our nation, defend our borders, offer a permanent and human solution to those who live in the shadows, respect the rule of law, modernize the visa system and push the economy forward.  English: I have no doubt that if we act with proper focus, we can protect our borders, our sovereignty and our citizens, all while remaining true to America s noblest legacies.Spanish: I have no doubt that if we work together, we can achieve this and continue to be faithful to the noblest legacies of the United States.It is important to remember the backdrop to this current dual narrative (one the GOPe leadership want to say publicly and one they wish to keep hidden).Back in June 2014 Speaker John Boehner was only two days away from calling up the vote on the Senate  gang-of-eight  amnesty bill, when House Majority Leader Eric Cantor was defeated in the Virginia Primary.Mario Diaz Balart along with Paul Ryan and Luis V. Gutierrez were in secret negotiations throughout the spring/summer of 2014 planning the pathway for comprehensive immigration reform. John Boehner asked Kevin McCarthy to  whip the house  and identify if they had votes for passage:[ ] On Tuesday June 10th Speaker Boehner, Eric Cantor (Majority Leader) and Kevin McCarthy (Majority Whip) had lunch together discussing timing the vote Thursday night or Friday Morning.However, later that same night the results from the 2014 Virginia primary showed an unknown conservative outsider, Dave Brat, had defeated (primaried) Eric Cantor. At 7:00pm Tuesday night the first word went out that Cantor had lost.~ Full Back StorySo this hidden narrative within the 2016 Republican State of the Union Rebuttal should come as no surprise. Comprehensive Immigration Reform is the GOPe agenda they continue to hide from the electorate.Via: Conservative Treehouse",0
21122,THIS INTERNATIONAL COMPANY Is Luring Refugees And Illegals To America…Do You Buy Meat From Them?,"Are you tired of supporting companies who are couldn t care less about the future of this nation? Are you tired of giving jobs to people who break laws to enter our country or who are being vetted by the UN and coming here through a State Department sponsored program on our dime? Then take a stand and STOP supporting them! When I saw the article at the Wall Street Journal this morning that gushes about how wonderful it is that the International Rescue Committee is giving out loans to refugees to start businesses, but goes on to talk about the industries in need of cheap immigrant labor, I wanted to scream.Four meat giants are changing the face of rural America, Cargill is one of those. It is all about cheap labor! It is all about money!Meet globalist and CEO of Cargill, David MacLennan, in Davos. One of the key players in changing rural towns in America by working with the US State Department and refugee contractors to bring in large numbers of Somali workers.Today we posted about how Amarillo, TX is under enormous social and economic tension. It is Cargill that was originally responsible for overloading (with the help of UN/US State Department refugee resettlement contractors) that city.Last week it was Cargill caving to CAIR demands in a dispute about prayer break times at their plant in Ft. Morgan, CO.One of the most important features of this new blog  American Resistance 2016! is to showcase the enemy. I want those responsible for mass migration to America to become household names! Here is a list of the products you will find on Cargill s website: Swift Pork productsList of Beef productsList of Chicken productsList of additional FOOD productsHere is a map showing Cargill s facilities across North America:And, for your work in Election 2016, I want you all to identify which of your elected officials are in the pockets of BIG MEAT! and expose them!Refugee resettlement is not about  humanitarianism!  It is about globalists and greedy industries wanting to improve their bottom lines the social and economic condition of your towns and cities be damned! Via: Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
21123,"OBAMA GIVES UN Authority To Vet 9,000 “Refugees” From Latin America To U.S.","As Obama begins his campaign for UN General Secretary on the US taxpayer s dime, keep a close eye on the many responsibilities of our federal government he ll be ceding to a corrupt body of human rights violators and political whores. Remember when people used to laugh at Americans who talked about a  one world order?   It s not so funny anymore, is it? The Obama administration is turning to the United Nations to help screen migrants fleeing violence in Central America, senior administration officials said Tuesday, and to help set up processing centers in several Latin American countries in the hopes of stemming a flood of families crossing the southern border illegally.Designed to head off migrants from three violence-torn countries in the region before they start traveling to the United States, the new refugee resettlement program will be announced by Secretary of State John Kerry on Wednesday in Washington. Under the plan, the United Nations refugee agency will work with the United States to set up processing centers in several nearby countries, where migrants would be temporarily out of danger.As it does in other places, the United Nations will determine if the migrants could be eligible for refugee status. The administration officials said thousands   perhaps as many as 9,000   migrants each year from the three countries, El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras, could eventually settle in the United States. But some refugees would also be sent to other countries in the hemisphere, officials said.For entire story: NYT",0
21124,DID IRAN RELEASE This Footage Of Captured U.S. Sailor Apologizing To Humiliate America?,"And what about the female sailor in the headscarf? What was that all about? Do all the female hostages of Iranian Revolutionary Guard have to wear headscarfs so as not to offend them? This whole capture of the Navy boats and the hostage taking of our U.S. Sailors just wreaks of something that s been in the workings and was not as spontaneous as Obama s spokes liar would have us believe Iranian state-controlled news outlet Tasnim released video Wednesday afternoon that shows a U.S. sailor apologizing for purportedly infringing upon Tehran s sovereignty.Pictures published by #Iran state TV from the moment #US marine were arrested. pic.twitter.com/bcEKaJGPb9  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016Pictures published by #Iran state TV from the moment #US marine were arrested. pic.twitter.com/YQakdKmqi3  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016On Tuesday, Iran seized two U.S. naval boats, arguing they illegally entered Iran s territorial waters. The Pentagon said they encountered mechanical troubles, forcing their boats to go off course.First footage from the moment when #US sailors were captured by #Iran's #IRGC. #Marines pic.twitter.com/7BeJLlGfNn  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016Part 2: First footage from the moment when #US sailors were captured by #Iran's #IRGC.#marines pic.twitter.com/vFyto44oGD  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016Footage of #US marines having Iranian #food while they were held in #Iran.#marines#navy#Pentagon pic.twitter.com/mtk2J0Yef9  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016 It was a mistake, it was our fault, and we apologize for our mistake,  an unidentified sailor told the Iranian interviewer, who then asked him if his GPS system penetrated Iran.  I believe so,  he responded.#Iran state TV showed a footage in which the commander of #US sailors made an apology.#navy#Pentagon pic.twitter.com/VCdjEZiY54  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016In another segment of the interview, the sailor held by the Iranians is asked,  How was the Iranian behavior with you?  He responds,  The Iranian behavior was fantastic while we were here. We thank you very much for your hospitality and your assistance. Did you have special problem  with us, the interviewer asked.  We have no problem, sir,  the U.S. sailor responded.Video: One of #US sailors says Iranians behavior with them was ""fantastic"" & they had no problem. #Iran pic.twitter.com/vgVlrkzdvh  Abas Aslani (@AbasAslani) January 13, 2016What do you think? Does anyone else believe this was a test run for something more serious?Via: Breitbart News",0
21125,MIGRANTS BRUTALLY GANG RAPE 3 YR OLD BOY At Asylum Center In Norway,"The world is stunned by the number of women and children who are being raped by Muslim  refugees  in Europe. Obama just announced today, that he would  aggressively defend  plans to accept  refugees  from Muslim majority nations. He even went so far as to say he would actually increase the number of refugees the US accepts overall this year A three-year-old migrant has allegedly been raped by multiple people at an asylum centre in the Norwegian city of Stavanger.Police are investigating the incident amid claims the boy was abused in the shared common area of the asylum centre, possibly within view of many people. We have no suspects yet,  police superintendent Bj rn K re Dahl told local paper Stavanger Aftenblad.  We are investigating the case as if the worst thing has happened and that we are talking about the rape of a child. He did not rule out that there may be several perpetrators:  We will investigate further to find out what happened. If it is what we fear   a rape   then this is very serious. But we do not know for certain yet. The Local reports the boy has been taken to a rape crisis centre along with his mother and is now at the children s ward in Stavanger Hospital. He has been questioned by authorities along with several others. We also had crime technicians on the site. Material was sent to the Norwegian Institute of Public Health for analysis. There, they will look for DNA among other things,  Mr Dahl added. We had many people at work, both sanitation workers and security guards, but nobody saw anything. But we immediately took the case to the police, as is the routine, and they came out. We have had a good dialogue with them throughout. A spokesman for the asylum centre said they received a phone call about the incident last Wednesday, but did not want to go into details about the conversation. We had many people at work, both sanitation workers and security guards, but nobody saw anything. But we immediately took the case to the police, as is the routine, and they came out. We have had a good dialogue with them throughout,  the spokesman added.There are around 800 migrants at the asylum centre, including men, women and children. The boy was reportedly at the centre with his family. Via: Breitbart London",0
21126,BREAKING: “Al Jazeera America” Shuts Down,"Some good news for today! Al Jazeera is dead, gone, kaput Remember Al Jazeera bought Al Gore s Current TV:Al Gore said Al-Jazeera shared Current TV s mission  to give voice to those who are not typically heard; to speak truth to power; to provide independent and diverse points of view; and to tell the stories that no one else is telling. AMERICANS AREN T BUYING IT Al Jazeera America s brass decided suddenly Wednesday to shut down the network, concluding that the three-year-old cable-news channel simply did not have a sustainable business model.According to Politico, employees were told of the decision at a meeting in its Manhattan offices on Wednesday afternoon. Broadcasting will cease April 30.The American arm of the Qatar-based news network had been having a hard time attracting an audience, While the operations were independent, most Americans were first exposed to the name  al Jazeera  during the Iraq war, when the Arabic branch published stories that seemed sympathetic to Islamist insurgents. A series of sex-discrimination suits and, most recently, a widely criticized report on doping in pro sports, also damaged the company.The Intercept has this to say about Al Jazeera:AJAM has been losing staggering sums of money from the start. That has become increasingly untenable as the network s owner and funder, the government of Qatar, is now economically struggling due to low oil prices.Was Al Jazeera America s downfall due to it trying to be inoffensive and too American?Via: WT",0
21127,OBAMA READY TO DO BATTLE With America: Will “aggressively defend” Bringing Muslim Refugees To U.S.,"Thanks to the funding our GOP majority Congress approved at the end of the year, Obama plans to actually increase the number of refugees (Muslims) he will bring to the US. To hell with our national security. It s all about the votes White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough on Wednesday said that the Obama administration is prepared to  aggressively defend  the United States  plans to accept refugees from Syria as some American lawmakers demand that the government apply stricter background checks to refugees from Syria and Iraq.When asked at a Christian Science Monitor breakfast in Washington, D.C. how the administration will address some lawmakers  calls for the government to apply greater scrutiny to certain refugees entering the country, McDonough said that the administration sees the resettlement of Syrian refugees as a priority and also as a policy it will have to defend. My hunch is that it will continue to be controversial, for the reasons the President pointed out in the speech last night,  McDonough said.He said that the administration will continue to make the point that accepting refugees adds  immeasurably to the national interest  and is prepared to put up a fight against those who oppose current policies. We re going to get out there and aggressively defend that,  he said. That will be tough to beat, as it was last year,  McDonough said of the administration s focus on accepting refugees.  And we ll see how it goes. But we won t shy from it. The chief of staff also said that the administration plans to expand the number of refugees the U.S. accepts overall and that he believes the budget passed by Congress allows them to do so.Via: TPM",0
21128,YOU WON’T BELIEVE Why Students In Communist Wisconsin Are No Longer Allowed To Chant “U.S.A.” At Sporting Events [VIDEO],"This is out of control! Is there anything more un-American than telling high school students they aren t allowed to cheer  U.S.A.!  at a sporting event because they may OFFEND someone from another nation?PLEASE CALL the Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association in Stevens Point, WI  Phone (715) 344-8580 Let them know how you feel about their decision to prevent students from chanting  USA!  in the United States Of America!The wussification of Wisconsin has begun.Last month the state s governing body for high school athletics declared that chanting  U-S-A, U-S-A,  is unsportsmanlike behavior.The Wisconsin Interscholastic Athletic Association also directed schools to stop fans from booing, or chanting  Air Ball,   Season s Over,   Fundamentals,   Scoreboard,  and  Over-Rated. Any action directed at opposing teams or their spectators with the intent to taunt, disrespect, distract or entice an unsporting behavior in response is not acceptable sportsmanship,  the WIAA wrote in an email obtained by the Post-Crescent.  Student groups, school administrators and event managers should take immediate steps to correct this unsporting behavior. I should point out that a spokesman for the WIAA told television station WISC that the sportsmanship guidelines are a point of reference and  not a requirement. It s up to each school or district to create their own sportsmanship conduct policies and enforcing them with appropriate consequences,  the spokesman told the television station. Wisconsin s football stadiums, basketball arenas and wrestling mats have become safe spaces for the perpetually-offended generation.Vince Lombardi must be rolling over in his grave.Oh, you should see the 40-page sportsmanship manual complied by the fragile snowflakes at the WIAA.Take, for example, the section that frowns on  booing of any kind. If errors in judgment is (sic) made, all are human and we must accept that. Individuals do the best to execute in a way they ve been trained,  the WIAA wrote.They also took issue with the  Na Na Na Na   Hey Hey Hey Goodbye  song. They called it  taunting and disrespectful. The WIAA found the  U-S-A  chant to be problematic, too   along with  any acronym of derogatory language or innuendo. Their guidelines became national news after a high school basketball player got in trouble for posting a profane message about the sportsmanship rules on her Twitter account.April Gehl, an honor s student and basketball standout at Hilbert High School, suggested the WIAA should (let me put this delicately) eat excrement.Based on national media coverage, her opinion was shared by many. Nevertheless, April was suspended for five games. Her family does not plan on appealing the decision.Paul Ackley is the athletic director at McFarland High School. He told WISC that he supports the recommendations. If a kid gets an answer wrong on the white board, they re not going to start chanting,  You can t do that,  he said.  This is not Division I athletics. This is an extension of the classroom and it s education-based. What in the name of Bear Bryant is going on Wisconsin?Granted, you don t want the children hollering out profanities and running around the gym buck-naked. But, these guidelines are not so much about sportsmanship as they are about political correctness.We re talking about high school basketball. It s not a croquet match. Via: FOX News",0
21129,MAN MAKES VIRAL VIDEO: Demonstrates How Obama Made Himself Cry During Gun Control Speech,"(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Obama Tears Share thisPosted by Dave Sayen on Thursday, January 7, 2016Don t take our word for it, watch Obama s speech on gun control in December, 2012. Pay close attention to the 1:01 mark, where he rubs his left index finger into the corner of his eye (exactly like he did last week) pauses, (like he did last week) puts his head down and pauses a bit longer (waiting for the menthol to work) and then (exactly like last week) he lifts his head and exposes the tears flowing, but only from the eye he put his finger in before tears ever began flowing:This is a character issue. Whether you disagree or agree with his gun control agenda is not the issue here. The point is, if the elected leader of the greatest nation on earth is willing to stand in front of millions and place menthol in his eye in order to make himself cry fake tears, to persuade Americans we need gun control, why should Americans believe ANYTHING he has to say?",0
21130,RUBIO DOUBLES DOWN ON Putting Illegal Aliens Before Americans,"If Rubio isn t smart enough to see that Trump s catapult to the top of the GOP contenders happened the moment he took a strong stand against politicians putting illegal aliens before Americans, then is he really smart enough to run our nation? And maybe even more importantly, if Rubio does recognize the majority of voters across the board want to elect a President who will stop the invasion of illegal aliens into our country, who is he planning to represent if he were to get the nomination?Sen. [score]Marco Rubio[/score] (R-FL) is doubling down on his support for in-state tuition for illegal aliens.On ABC, George Stephanopoulos asked Rubio about his work in the Florida statehouse in which he  co-sponsored legislation to provide in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants.  Stephanopolous asked Rubio directly:  Do you stand behind that position now? Rubio said that he  absolutely  stands behind that legislation:RUBIO: It was a very narrowly drafted bill. You had to have a certain GPA, you had to live in the U.S. a long time, you had to graduate from a Florida high school. It was very narrowly tailored to high-performing students who found themselves in a situation where they were brought here by their parents when they were 5, didn t even speak another language except English and therefore couldn t attend college because they were being charged like they were from out of state. They still had to pay for college but they paid for what people paid when they lived in Florida. They had to be high school graduates of Florida.STEPHANOPOULOS: So you stand behind that?RUBIO: Yes, of a narrowly tailored bill like that, absolutely.In theory, this legislation means that an American student wishing to attend a Florida state university, who is from the neighboring state of Georgia, would have to pay higher tuition costs than an illegal immigrant from El Salvador, who has been living unlawfully in Florida and attending American public schools for the past thirteen years on the taxpayer dime. Illegal aliens are also eligible for generous child tax credits, a benefit protected in the Gang of Eight bill. Indeed, the  taxes  requirement in the Gang of Eight bill would have meant illegal aliens could receive tax payments in the form of free cash from the IRS, since poor illegal aliens have no tax liability.Rubio s plan to discount college tuition for illegal aliens will serve as a further magnet to new illegal immigration, and will also increase competition for college slots and post-college jobs for American youth who are already struggling. Moreover, due to affirmative action policies, these illegal aliens will not have their tuition discounted but their applications given preferential treatment as well.By contrast, front-runner Donald Trump told NBC s Chuck Todd that same day that he opposes Rubio s legislation to give illegal aliens taxpayer-funded tuition discounts.TODD: Senator Rubio sponsored a bill back in Florida (back when he was in the State House) to give in-state tuition for undocumented immigrants. There s a lot of states that allow in-state tuition for the children of undocumented immigrants. I ve not heard your position on that.TRUMP: I m opposed to it.TODD: Totally opposed?TRUMP: They re here. They re not here legally. I m opposed to itTODD: Even kids born to illegal immigrants?It is perhaps interesting to note that Chuck Todd seems a bit confused about U.S. immigration policy illegal alien tuition discounts are for foreign-born youth who are themselves illegal immigrants. Under current policy, the US-born children are automatic birthright citizens, meaning no legislation is required to make them eligible for all the benefits enjoyed by Americans. Indeed, illegal immigrants primarily access welfare programs through their U.S.-born children. As a September 2015 report from the Center for Immigration Studies noted,  analysis shows that legal immigrant households make extensive use of most welfare programs, while illegal immigrant households primarily benefit from food programs and Medicaid through their U.S.-born children. Regardless, Trump made clear in the interview he would ensure that neither illegal alien youth (DREAMers) or birthright citizenship children, would be eligible for such benefits. Trump made clear he would move to eliminate birthright citizenship so that the US-born children of illegal aliens would no longer made automatic citizens. Again, by contrast, Rubio supports birthright citizenship a position which is supported by only 20% of Republicans according to the most recent Rasmussen Reports immigration survey issued on December 27, 2015.Rubio s Sunday endorsement of discount college tuition for the foreign-born illegal alien youth is in keeping with his longstanding support for DREAM amnesty proposals, which have been a passion of Gang of Eight co-member [score]Dick Durbin[/score].While Rubio briefly distanced himself of his support for DREAMer amnesty in 2010 in order to get elected to the U.S. Senate and indeed attacked attacked his opponent [score]Charlie Crist[/score] specifically for his support of the DREAM Act upon arriving in the U.S. Senate, Rubio quickly used his new position of power to begin working on a plan to legalize so-called DREAMers. In 2012, Rubio wrote: They re not in compliance with immigration law, and, thus, not American citizens. But they are culturally as American as anyone else s children Rubio s statement might be news to Laura Wilkerson whose 18-year-old son, Joshua, was gruesomely murdered by his DREAMer classmate. In her Congressional testimony last summer, Wilkerson told lawmakers how her son was,  beaten, strangled, tortured until he died. He was tied up, thrown in a field, and set on fire  [During his trial], we had to hear this kid on the stand muttering about,  In my country   In my country  never to finish that sentence. We listened to him tell us repeatedly that his  killing skills took over .  Wilkerson told lawmakers,  You cannot you cannot stand by and ignore our families   our American families. You re elected by Americans, not any other country. You should be for Americans. Yet Rubio remains so committed to amnesty for illegal immigrants who allegedly entered as minors that he has said he will not immediately revoke President Obama s lawless 2012 executive amnesty for DREAMers. In a Spanish-language interview with Jorge Ramos, Rubio said:  Well, DACA is going to have to end at some point. I wouldn t undo it immediately. The reason is that there are already people who have that permission, who are working, who are studying, and I don t think it would be fair to cancel it suddenly. But I do think it is going to have to end. And, God willing, it s going to end because immigration reform is going to pass. Rejected-Majority Leader [score]Eric Cantor[/score] similarly supported Rubio s efforts to grant amnesty to illegal immigrants. Cantor declared,  One of the great founding principles of our country was that children would not be punished for the mistakes of their parents.  This prompted Cantor s then-primary challenger Rep. [score]Dave Brat[/score] (R-VA) to describe Cantor s declaration as  one of the most radical pro-amnesty statements ever delivered by a sitting representative.  Brat wrote,  In what was billed as a new agenda for the Republican Party, Cantor declared that citizenship for illegals was required by  the great founding principles of our country.  With this remark, Cantor declared his support not only for amnesty now, but amnesty forever. Ken Palinkas, the former head of the nation s immigration caseworkers  Citizenship and Immigration Services has similarly explained how the DREAM Act would represents a promise of  perpetual amnesty :If it is improper to apply immigration law to one specific group of illegal aliens, then why should we expect future illegal aliens in this group to be treated any differently?Indeed, government reports have documented how the 2014 illegal alien minor surge on our southern border was caused, in large part, by the promise of amnesty for alien youth.As Senator [score]Jeff Session[/score] has written,  It cannot be the policy of the United States that any of the 2 billion people in the world who have yet turn to turn 18 have a right to illegally enter the United States and claim residency. Polling data suggests that in the event Rubio s position on this controversial DREAMer amnesty begins to receive large-scale media coverage  something that has not happened yet  it could pose problems for him in New Hamspshire, where he is currently in second place. As The Hill reported in 2014,  More people in New England oppose illegal immigration compared to the rest of the country  Nearly 80 percent of people in that region said illegal immigrants threaten U.S. beliefs and customs,  according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll.New Hampshire also voted for Pat Buchanan in 1996 who, like Trump, is opposed to both the cheaper foreign labor and cheap foreign imports Senator Rubio has sought to import.Via: Breitbart News",0
21131,BREAKING: OBAMA JUST RELEASED GITMO Prisoner Who Said He Would “Kill Americans” If He Was Released [VIDEO],"// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Gitmo detainee, who said he would kill Americans if he was released, has just been freed Posted by Fox & Friends on Tuesday, 12 January 2016Representative Louie Gohmert (R-TX) eviscerates Obama and his regime for the release of this terrorist:",0
21132,MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD AFFILIATE INVITED To Obama’s State Of The Union…Will This Terror Group Also Be Invited?,"So in an effort to reach out to Muslims living in America, we need to invite groups that are tied to terrorists? Why stop at groups like CAIR? Why not invite ISIS? Perhaps we missed it, but we haven t seen the list of prominent Christian leaders invited to Obama s SOTU, who will represent the worldwide mass persecution of Christians As many as 25 House Democrats are expected to have Muslim guests during Tuesday night s State of the Union speech. It s in response to a call from Democratic National Committee chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Minnesota Rep. Keith Ellison, the first Muslim voted into Congress, to counter an  alarming rise in hateful rhetoric against Muslim Americans and people of the Islamic faith worldwide. The gesture might not generate much more than a shrug, except that in at least two cases, Democrats invited officials from a group the FBI formally avoids due to historic ties to a Hamas support network.Delray Beach Rep. Alcee Hastings invited Nezar Hamze, regional operations director for the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) in Florida. And San Jose, Cal. Rep. Zoe Lofgren invited Sameena Usman, a 10-year veteran government relations official with CAIR s San Francisco chapter, the Investigative Project on Terrorism has learned.CAIR officials routinely accuse federal law enforcement of entrapping otherwise innocent and peaceful Muslims in order to gin up terrorism prosecutions. Hamze s colleagues in CAIR-Florida are helping a family sue the FBI over the 2013 fatal shooting of a terror suspect who attacked agents after extensive questioning. Usman s office published a notorious poster urging Muslims to  Build a Wall of Resistance [and] Don t Talk to the FBI.  For its part, the FBI cut off contact with CAIR, except in investigations, in 2008 based on evidence its agents uncovered which placed CAIR in a Hamas-support network in the United States. Until it can be shown that those connections no longer exist, an FBI official explained in 2009, CAIR is not  an appropriate liaison partner. In addition, several CAIR officials have compared Israel to ISIS.Calls to press contacts in Lofgren and Hastings  offices were not returned Monday.Last month, the IPT provided exclusive details from eyewitness accounts about CAIR s creation, including an account of how a co-founder sought approval from the Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood for CAIR s bylaws, and how Executive Director Nihad Awad s move to Washington was  in order to represent Hamas. Hastings and Lofgren either failed to check out their guests  employer or they don t care. These connections have nothing to do with the faith of CAIR officials. But the organization has a record that elected officials stubbornly insist should be ignored. Unfortunately, this is part of a pattern of outreach House Democrats seek out with the wrong people. Last month, CAIR-Florida s Hassan Shibly was invited to the White House for a discussion about religious discrimination. Then, as with the State of the Union speech, no one from the new Muslim Reform Movement   which issued a declaration clearly rejecting  interpretations of Islam that call for any violence, social injustice and politicized Islam  and standing for  peace, human rights and secular governance.  Via: Family Security Matters ",0
21133,MASS NYE SEXUAL ASSAULTS IN EUROPE EXPLAINED: [Video] Just An Innocent Rape Game Played By Muslims In Arab Nations,"This is possibly the most disturbing video we have ever posted on our website. This is an example of the  rape game  called  Taharrush  German authorities now admit the Muslim migrants brought the  Taharrush  rape game to Europe and showcased it New Year s Eve. Sexual attacks on Western women were reported in Cologne, Berlin, Hamburg, Bielefeld, Frankfurt, D sseldorf and Stuttgart, Germany. Taharrush attacks were also reported in Sweden, Finland, Austria and Switzerland on New Year s Eve.Welcome to the New Europe. Speisa reported:After the NYE mass assaults against women in several European cities, the German Federal Criminal Police Office, BKA, now say that the Arab  rape game  Taharrush has established itself in Europe.In addition to the events in Cologne, police in Berlin, Hamburg, Bielefeld, Frankfurt, D sseldorf and Stuttgart have reported of similar incidents. In addition, police in Vienna and Salzburg in Austria and Zurich in Switzerland have raised the alarm about similar mass assaults against women by newly arrived Arab migrants. Also Sweden and Finland experienced the same on New Year s Eve.  The attacks range from sexual molestation to rape, says head of BKA, Holger M nch.The  rape game  Taharrush is about a large group of Arab men surrounding their victim, usually a Western woman or a woman wearing Western-style clothing, and then the women are subjected to sexual abuse.They surround the victim in circles. The men in the inner circle are the ones who physically abuse the woman, the next circle are the spectators, while the mission of the third circle is to distract and divert attention to what s going on.If there is enough men, the woman is dragged along by the mob, while the men take turns ripping her clothes off, grope her, and inserting fingers in her various body orifices.In December a Muslim migrant in Germany bragged on video about participating in a gangrape of a virgin in Germany:https://youtu.be/-3MvinY66r0Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21134,Delusional Obama On How Divided America Has Become: At least it’s not a Civil War [Video],It turns out we re not as divided as people make us out to be Really? ,0
21135,HUNGARIANS FIND SHOCKING VIDEOS On Phones Left Behind By Muslim Migrants,"If you were to believe Barack Hussein Obama, Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders, the Democrats and RINO s in Congress, the only videos you should find on these poor persecuted migrants phones would be of tearful good-byes to families in their beloved home land. Not so fast You only have to watch this one video  to know, these aren t your usual  persecuted  migrants invading Europe.Just watch this video, and you ll see what we mean:https://youtu.be/silF8UT4mTE",0
21136,ISIS ANIMAL EXECUTES MOM In Front Of Hundreds: Claims She Asked Him To Do The Unthinkable [VIDEO],"Proving what we already knew, loyalty to radical Islam first, female family members dead last literally.AN ISLAMIC State (ISIS) jihadi has executed his own mother before a baying crowd after she urged him to flee the terror organization.The rights group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently (RBSS) said 20-year-old Ali Saqr killed his 45-year-old mother Leena Al-Qasem for abandoning Islam.The postal worker was executed outside the post office where she worked in the ISIS-held city of Raqqa as hundreds looked on.It is believed she was shot with the Syrian Network for Human Rights reporting that her actual crime was  communicating with a third party .The brutal regime regularly carries out public executions with images of people being beheaded, shot and burnt posted online.RBSS posted a picture of a man it claimed was Ali Saqir and an initial Tweet saying his mother was 35-years-old was later changed to say she was 45.The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights also confirmed the killing saying they had been able to document it.The group said its activists were able to verify that the woman, from the city of al-Tabaqa, was sentenced to death under the pretext of  inciting her son to leave the Islamic State  with a view to fleeing from Raqqa.She reportedly told her son that the coalition would  kill all members of the organisation  and he had to leave with her.However, her son, a member of the murderous regime wich is also known as Daesh, reported his mother to ISIS leaders for apostasy and later carried out the savage killing.The news emerged after it was revealed that well-respected journalist, Ruqia Hassan, was also executed by ISIS for writing about life in the beleaguered city of Raqqa.The 30-year-old was accused of being a spy and was executed.Via: UK Express ",0
21137,GA TOWN MANDATES GUN OWNERSHIP: Here’s What Happened To The Crime Rate…,"The results of this town s gun ownership mandate shows what happens when there are armed civilians out there In 1982, the little town of Kennesaw, Georgia passed an ordinance that every able bodied family must own a gun. Here is the text of the ordinance:(a) In order to provide for the emergency management of the city, and further in order to provide for and protect the safety, security and general welfare of the city and its inhabitants, every head of household residing in the city limits is required to maintain a firearm, together with ammunition therefore.(b)Exempt from the effect of this section are those heads of households who suffer a physical or mental disability which would prohibit them from using such a firearm. Further exempt from the effect of this section are those heads of households who are paupers or who conscientiously oppose maintaining firearms as a result of beliefs or religious doctrine, or persons convicted of a felony.An amendment to the gun ownership law grants exceptions to convicted felons, conscientious objectors and those who cannot afford a gun.In 2007, there was a follow up, showing the effects of the law on crime and the city. The liberals of course warned that Kennesaw would become the Wild West. Like all liberal predictions, this one belongs in the sewer. (Make sure you flush twice, it s a long ways to DNC HQ) In the 25 years that the law had been in place as of 2007 not one murder or defensive shooting took place. The first murder finally did occur in 2014, 32 years into the ordinance. The population soared from 5,242 to 28,189. The year prior to the passage of the ordinance, the city had a crime rate of (4,332 per 100,000). That was higher than the national average of (3,899 per 100,000). As of 2007, the crime rate had dropped to (2,268 per 100,000). The current crime rate for Kennesaw has dropped to (1,760 Per 100,000)In fact, Family Circle Magazine ranked Kennesaw as one of the ten best cities for families to live in. Kennesaw came in at Number 5. Kennesaw is far from being the one exception to the rule.The DOJ released a report that covered the years 1993 to 2011, a period in which gun ownership soared. What did they find? In 1993 there were 18,253 gun deaths. In 2011 there were just 11,101. Even more startling is that non fatal shootings dropped by 69%!!What about the liberal propaganda that gun shows are the case of most gun shootings because there are no background checks? The DOJ found that gun felons in federal prisons got just 2% of their guns from gun shows. 10 percent said they purchased their gun from a retail shop or pawnshop, 37 percent obtained it from family or friends, and another 40 percent obtained it from an illegal source.Concealed carriers also assisted in dropping crime rates during the years of the Obama caliphate. The number of concealed carry permits in 2007 was 4.6 million and has now soared to 12.8 million. That number is actually much higher since 8 states now do not require a concealed carry permit. During this same period, gun deaths dropped from 5.6 million to 4.2 million per 100,000.Harvard studied gun policies around the world and found to their astonishment that more guns mean less crime.One last item. What about the vaunted Gun free Zones? Are they working? Yes, but only for mass murderers. Since the 1950s, all but two mass shootings took place in gun free zones.Via: The PC Graveyard",0
21138,46 Yr Old Millionaire Muslim In Court For Raping Teen: “I fell on her and penetrated her by accident’,"It was just an accident A millionaire property developer accused of raping a teenager while she slept claims he accidentally penetrated her when he fell on top of her, a court has heard.Southwark Crown Court has told Ehsan Abdulaziz allegedly forced himself on the 18-year-old on the sofa of his Maida Vale flat.The 46-year-old met his alleged victim in the Cirque le Soir nightclub in London, where she had been with a friend he had known for several months.He offered both women a lift home in his Aston Martin in August last year, before inviting them into his flat and taking the woman he knew into the bedroom for sex, the court heard.The next thing the alleged victim claims to remember is waking up early in the morning with Abdulazziz on top of her, forcing himself inside her. She woke up with the defendant kissing her and his penis in her vagina,  Prosecutor Jonathan Davies told the court, The Times reports. She said:  What are you doing?  and he said  It s fine , indicating that her friend was asleep. She got up to find her friend, tried to wake her but couldn t, she then tried to get out of the flat as quickly as she could. Via:UK Independent",0
21139,Hillary Clinton’s Anti-Israel E-mails Raise Questions About Influence On Foreign Policy,"Hillary Clinton s new e-mail release exposes her relationship to some very anti-Israel people. Sydney Blumenthal is a very close friend of the Clintons and exchanges quite a few e-mails with Clinton that are disturbing. Did he have much influence of foreign policy and the inner workings of the State Department. While Clinton claims Blumenthal was a minor character, the e-mails reveal a different story entirely:As Hillary Clinton s email scandals goes  nuclear  with more and more classified material coming to light (including some described as  explosive ), one disturbing trend is coming to light: Hillary s deep contempt for the state of Israel in general, and Prime Minister Netanyahu in particular.When the State Department released more than 5000 pages of Clinton s emails from her private server on New Year s Eve, it included correspondence with her one-time advisor Sidney Blumenthal. The communications revealed an exchange regarding Israel, and Blumenthal cited the work of his son, journalist Max Blumenthal, a self-described  anti-Zionist  known for his radical anti-Israel views.According to the Times of Israel,  In March 2010, Blumenthal plugged his son s work   this time, playing up links between evangelical Pastor John Hagee and Netanyahu   in the context of an article (written by a different writer) discussing a controversial Pentagon briefing on U.S. relations with Israel and the Arab world.   The briefing had dealt with the lack of progress in resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, and American concerns over a growing perception among Arab leaders that the US was incapable of standing up to Israel. The senior Blumenthal sent several articles written by his son and referenced the younger man s plans to move to Israel for several months to write a book.  He tracks a lot of things that do not appear in the mainstream press,  he wrote to Hillary.Just in time for the 2016 election, hear Hillary Clinton say she would NOT run for president, in  Hillary Unhinged  by Thomas KuiperHillary then took the articles in question and instructed a staffer to print five copies  without the heading from Sid.  She noted the articles came from Max Blumenthal s book  Goliath: Life and Loathing in Greater Israel,  a widely criticized and rabidly anti-Semitic volume that castigated Israeli policies. The Nation s media editor Eric Alterman referred to it as the  I Hate Israel handbook  and wrote Blumenthal s  case against the Jewish state is so carelessly constructed, it will likely alienate anyone but the most fanatical anti-Zionist extremists, and hence do nothing to advance the interests of the occupation s victims. According to the Times of Israel,  Blumenthal also sent Clinton a piece by leftist Israeli Uri Avnery, who also analyzed the Pentagon briefing by leveling a damning critique against Netanyahu. Clinton asked Blumenthal, in response, how she should use this material in an upcoming talk she was supposed to have with the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC). Blumenthal speculated on Netanyahu s psychological makeup by suggesting his actions were motivated by a desperate attempt to live up to his father s expectations.In an email sent immediately after the May 2010 Israeli raid on the Gaza-bound Turkish ship Mavi Maramara in which nine activists were killed, Blumenthal referred to the operation as  Bibi s Entebbe in reverse.  Noting that Netanyahu s brother Yoni was  heroically killed  in the 1976 hostage rescue mission, he said the brothers  father Benzion  adored  Yoni, while the younger Benjamin has always lived in his brother s shadow.  Bibi desperately seeks his father s approbation and can never equal his dead brother (he) has never measured up,  Blumenthal suggested.The senior Blumenthal continued to push his son s anti-Israel views on Hillary. As noted by the Times of Israel,  In 2012, Blumenthal sent his son s article in al-Akhbar,  The Bibi Connection,  to Clinton, who then relayed it onward. The article emphasized Netanyahu s intent to campaign against Obama s reelection in 2012, arguing that  Netanyahu s shadow campaign is intended to be a factor in defeating Obama and electing a Republican in his place.    The article reflected upon Netanyahu s ties to prominent Republicans such as Newt Gingrich, as well as the prime minister s right-wing pedigree. It noted that when his father, Benzion Netanyahu,  returned to Israel to launch a political career, the elder Netanyahu was rejected by Menachem Begin, the (then-)Likud Party leader, who, as right wing as he was, considered him dangerously extreme. Hillary offered a  terse  response on some of Sidney Blumenthal s policy suggestions regarding Israel, upon which he backed off. However,  Blumenthal could not keep Netanyahu out of his semi-retraction, hinting at missed peace opportunities by the Israeli leader:  Of course, if Bibi were to have engaged Syria in negotiations taking its previous gestures seriously   he wrote, before changing the subject without concluding the hypothetical. The email dump revealed Blumenthal was not the only one commenting on Middle East policy. Foreign-policy analyst Anne-Marie Slaughter, formerly the State Department s director of policy planning, wrote to Clinton the  time was right  for the U.S. to recognize Palestine during the emerging of the Arab Spring. It would allow you and POTUS to have accomplished the goal POTUS laid out at UNGA last year and would make it much harder for Syrians, Iranians, even Saudis to use this issue to divert domestic opposition, strengthening the seismic shift across the region to create fault-lines around reform/no reform instead of Arabs/US-Israel,  wrote Slaughter.The Times of Israel notes,  The emails also indicate the existence of a lengthy correspondence over attempts to reconcile Israel and Turkey following the events of the 2010 Gaza flotilla, but the emails are so heavily redacted as to expunge any clue as to what was actually discussed.   Another series details attempts in 2010 to broker direct negotiations between Israel and the Palestinian Authority, with significant input from the parties involved in the Arab Peace Initiative. Learn more about the Hillary Clinton Investigative Justice Project, conceived by two veteran investigative journalists who plan to take their findings to state attorneys general in jurisdictions in which the nonprofit, tax-exempt Clinton Family Foundation does businessClinton s hostility toward Israel is well documented.Read more: wnd",0
21140,"Which States Are Americans Are Moving From, Where Are They Moving To…And Why?","Not everyone is moving for the same reason, but one thing is clear by these results Americans are sick of high taxes and an overburdensome state government and their moving on to more resident friendly states A low cost of living, no sales tax, and beautiful scenery (oh, naked bike rides, more strip clubs per capita than any other US city, and legalized weed) means Oregon is the  top moving destination  for Americans for the third year running, according to United Van Lines, with 69% of moves inbound. But, which states are Americans leaving in droves?Americans continue to pack up and head West and South, according to new data from United Van Lines.Oregon is the most popular moving destination of 2015 with 69 percent of moves to and from the state being inbound. The state has continued to climb the ranks, increasing inbound migration by 10 percent over the past six years. New to the 2015 top inbound list is another Pacific West state, Washington, which came in at No. 10 with 56 percent inbound moves.Moving In   The top inbound states of 2015 were:Oregon South Carolina Vermont Idaho North Carolina Florida Nevada District of Columbia Texas WashingtonThe Northeast continues to experience a moving deficit with New Jersey (67 percent outbound) and New York (65 percent) making the list of top outbound states for the fourth consecutive year. Two other states in the region   Connecticut (63 percent) and Massachusetts (57 percent)   also joined the top outbound list this year. The exception to this trend is Vermont (62 percent inbound), which moved up two spots on the list of top inbound states to No. 3.Moving Out   The top outbound states for 2015 were:New Jersey New York Illinois Connecticut Ohio Kansas Massachusetts West Virginia Mississippi MarylandSimply put, Americans are moving from heavily-regulated, bureaucratic, high cost-of-living states to more affordable states.This year s data from United Van Lines  Via: Zero Hedge",0
21141,How Did An Illegal Immigrant Who Said She Wanted To Eat “White Invaders” Become A Lawyer In U.S.?,"The new progressive American dream: An Undocumented, Unafraid, Unapologetic, Queer, Unashamed  illegal immigrant, or lawbreaker who practices defending legal cases in our US courtrooms..She s in the United State illegally.She helped cause the immigration crisis happening right now that some are calling an invasion.And now, she s a lawyer.Prerna Lal, a radical leftist and self-described  Undocumented, Unafraid, Unapologetic, Queer, Unashamed  illegal immigrant who once talked about killing, roasting and eating  white invaders  bragged on her Twitter account that she s now officially an attorney here in the United States.Lal proves that in Obama s America, not only are there are no legal consequences for being a loud and proud illegal immigrant. Lal seems completely unconcerned about hopping back and forth across our borders at will. In another post on her Twitter page, Lal talks about going  back home  to her native Fiji.Lal also is one of the people responsible for the current massive influx of children and asulym seekers overwhelming our nation s borders.As reported on Breitbart News in September 2013, Ms. Lal is a respected, published immigration reform activist. She s a prominent  Dreamer  activist one of the young illegal aliens brought to the United States by their parents who are leading the fight for comprehensive immigration reform.Lal is one of the co-founders of the DreamActivist.org site that Breitbart News has reported gave illegal immigrants a lesson in how to lie about their immigration status. That tactic has commonplace now.  Via: The brilliant Lee Stranahan ",0
21142,STUDENTS SENT HOME From School For Wearing Traditional Swiss Clothing Considered “racist”,"You certainly don t want to get caught showing pride for your nation  Kinda reminds us of the kids who got sent home from school for wearing an American flag on their shirts because they offended the Mexican immigrant students Ten pupils at a secondary school in Gossau turned up for their lessons wearing an edelweiss shirt on Friday.A teacher was very unhappy at the sight of this typically Swiss clothing; he asked them to go and put something else on.According to the  SonntagsZeitung , the teacher considered that this manner of dress conveyed  racist and xenophobic  ideas. The ten pupils decided to come to school wearing peasant shirts and to sing patriotic songs to show their  pride in being Swiss .Tensions with classmates of Balkan origin are said to be at the origin of this initiative, reports the German-speaking weekly. The school s headmaster is trying to calm things down. Patrick Perenzin points out that peasant shirts do not violate any institutional dress code and that they are not forbidden. But he adds that, in his view, the ten pupils behaved badly. When worn by one pupil, this clothing is not insulting. But when ten pupils decide to wear it at the same time, they are trying to  send a message , says the headmaster. Via: 20min.com",0
21143,Taxpayer Funded Left-Wing Church Organization Will BREAK LAW To Hide ILLEGAL ALIENS (2016 Democrat Voters) From Authorities,"This isn t just any church organization, this is a  church organization  that takes in $45 MILLION in taxpayer funds every year! Why do we give them so much money? Because they re bringing MOSTLY MUSLIM refugees into our country where they ll get housing, food, clothing, education and spending money with MORE of  OUR tax dollars. They ll also be fast-tracked to citizenship. What s the end goal? The fundamental transformation of America Ohio  peace and justice  groups getting ready to break the law and hide aliens from Obama illegal alien raids, click here.The recent Obama Administration order to round up illegal aliens (a tiny number!) and deport them is simply a ploy to fire up the No Borders movement, the Democrat base, in this all important election year.Church World Service will be hiding illegal aliens!Here is a story about the hard Left Church World Service, a federal refugee resettlement contractor, which uses $45 million of your dollars every year to change America by changing the people, is setting up hiding places throughout America where illegal aliens can be placed out of the reach of federal ICE agents.There should be a law, if you break federal immigration law, you lose your federal funding (come on wimps in Congress!).They want to resurrect the glory days (as they saw them) where churches broke the law and helped Central Americans get into America and then hid them until they could be spread out to towns across the US. It was called The Sanctuary Movement.***It is so apparent that this deportation order is part of a Democrat strategy, most likely cooked up in the White House, because (have you noticed!) no one blasts Obama personally (as they would if this were George Bush or Donald Trump).Religious groups and activists vowed Wednesday to offer refuge to illegal immigrants who are the targets of ongoing federal raids meant to combat a new wave of border-crossing from Central America.The announcement recalled the sanctuary movement of the 1980s that provided safe haven to several thousand people fleeing civil wars in El Salvador and Guatemala, with churches in Los Angeles, Chicago and other cities sometimes filled with people seeking asylum in the United States.At the start of the year, the Obama administration launched a large-scale effort targeting those who have already been ordered to leave the country. About 120 adults and children have been apprehended in raids in several states.Central American illegal aliens are NOT refugees. They do not fit the long-understood definition that a refugee or asylum seeker must prove they would be persecuted if they returned to their home country.Escaping poverty or run-of-the-mill crime is not persecution, but these NO Borders activists have been for years attempting to blur the definition. And, that is mostly because when someone is defined as a refugee all welfare goodies flow their way and they can then bring in the family they left behind. (Of course the WaPo isn t going to explain any of that to its readers!).The effort, which is expected to include several hundred more apprehensions, has drawn sharp criticism from those who advocate for undocumented immigrants. They argue that Central Americans who are entering the country illegally should be offered the same protections extended to Syrian refugees.Via: Refugee Resettlement WatchHere is the list of churches affiliated with the radical Church World Services group:Member CommunionsAfrican Methodist Episcopal Church African Methodist Episcopal Zion Church Alliance of Baptists American Baptist Churches USA Armenian Church of America (including Diocese of California) Christian Church (Disciples of Christ) Christian Methodist Episcopal Church Church of the Brethren Community of Christ The Coptic Orthodox Church in North America Ecumenical Catholic Communion The Episcopal Church Evangelical Lutheran Church in America Friends United Meeting Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of America Hungarian Reformed Church in America International Council of Community Churches Korean Presbyterian Church in America Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church Mar Thoma Church Moravian Church in America National Baptist Convention of America National Baptist Convention, U.S.A., Inc. National Missionary Baptist Convention of America Orthodox Church in America Patriarchal Parishes of the Russian Orthodox Church in the U.S.A. Philadelphia Yearly Meeting of the Religious Society of Friends Polish National Catholic Church of America Presbyterian Church (USA) Progressive National Baptist Convention, Inc. Reformed Church in America Serbian Orthodox Church in the U.S.A. and Canada The Swedenborgian Church Syrian Orthodox Church of Antioch Ukrainian Orthodox Church in America United Church of Christ The United Methodist Church",0
21144,"BREAKING: Muslim Shot Dead In Paris After Rushing Police HQ With Knife, Was Living In German Refugee Shelter","But of course Oh the humanity The attacker was wearing a fake explosives vest and shouted  Allah Akbar    God is Great   during the terrifying incident before he was shot dead.German police revealed they had raided an apartment at an asylum centre in the western city of Recklinghausen claiming it had been occupied by the attacker.Officers said they were acting on  concrete evidence  obtained from French security authorities.They said the results of the search are still being evaluated with their French counterparts and there is no evidence of further possible attacks being planned.Police said they would not release any further information at the moment to avoid jeopardising the ongoing investigation.French investigators are still trying to determine the true identity of the man   originally identified as Sallah Ali   who was carrying a butcher knife as he tried to storm the station last Thursday.Paris prosecutor Francois Molins confirmed the attacker was carrying a piece of paper that pledged allegiance to the leader of evil ISIS   also known as Daesh   and said  his act is linked to the deaths in Syria He also had a phone with a German SIM card, the prosecutor said.He said:  A mobile phone and a piece of paper, on which appear the Daesh flag and a clear written claim in Arabic, were found on the individual. Alexis Mukenge, who saw the shooting from inside another building, told the network iTele that police told the man,  Stop. Move back.  Mukenge said officers fired twice and the man immediately dropped to the ground.A police official said Ali  shouted  Allahu Akbar  and had wires protruding from his clothes. That s why the police officer opened fire. The chilling attack occurred on the one-year anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo massacre where 12 people were killed at the satirical newspaper s office by jihadi gunmen. Via: Express UK",0
21145,THE CASE AGAINST SEAN PENN: Why Do Americans Who Love Their Country Still Support Him? [VIDEO],"From claiming any American who speaks out against Hugo Chavez should be jailed, to a photo op and interview with one of the most brutal Mexican drug lords in history. Sean Penn has openly supported Cuba s brutal dictator Fidel Castro, and made known his radical opposition to capitalism by supporting the former occupy movement (now the #BlackLivesMatter terrorist group). Despite the fact that he was a gun owner, Penn came out one year ago against the Second Amendment.The journalistic coup of the two-time Oscar winner secretly interviewing El Chapo   and posing for a handshake pic with the world s once-most-wanted drug lord  is only the latest surreal saga in Penn s personal life. Since the early 2000 s, Spicoli has staked himself as one of the politically active stars in America   whether or not anyone likes it.Scores of people however, have called for Sean Penn to be arrested for meeting the world s most wanted drug lord El Chapo while he was on the run and not turning him in to the authorities. Twitter users demanded Penn be questioned by investigators as to why he met with the violent cartel leader and did not help the military track him down.The double Oscar-winning actor and Mexican actress Kate del Castillo   who brokered the meeting with the self-confessed biggest drug trafficker in the world   are now under investigation in Mexico.His secret meeting with the notorious drug lord, is just one of many activist stunts by leftist actor Sean Penn.Penn s previous diplomatic doozies have led to eye-rolling Oscar jokes, dubious friendships with foreign leaders and accusations of hiring a PR team to show off his odd brand of good will.Here is Penn in a repulsive attempt to paint brutal dictators, Hugo Chavez and Fidel Castro as leaders we should respect. Penn says,  the demonization of these people is a myth :Here s a short look at Penn s past political antics.As America s violent response to the 9/11 attacks started escalating in 2002, Penn spent $56,000 to publish an open letter in the Washington Post urging President Bush to ease up on Middle East involvement. You lead, it seems, through a blood-lined sense of entitlement,  Penn wrote to the president.Many others in Hollywood may have found Penn sentiments sensible   but some of his specific recommendations, not so much.Among his peacetime prescriptions for the prez:  I beg you Mr. President, listen to Gershwin, read chapters of Stegner, of Saroyan. But at least one world leader apparently agreed with Penn s prose: Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, who used Penn s letter to trash Bush during some of his own speeches, according to The Telegraph.The Washington Post apparently wasn t a big enough forum for Penn s Bush bashing.Here s an excerpt from an interview with Piers Morgan where Penn explains his support for a second term for Barack Obama in a completely incoherent manner:Penn pulled off one major upset at the 2004 Oscars by nabbing the Best Actor statue for  Mystic River,  beating out Bill Murray in  Lost in Translation  as the expected winner.But the second shock came as soon as Penn opened his mouth following a standing ovation. If there s one thing that actors know   other than that there were no WMD s   it s that there is no such thing as best in acting,  he said at the start of his speech, earning some scattered claps and cheers before beginning his long-winded thank yous.More than a decade later, his ill-timed political jab hasn t fared much better: The film site Next Movie cited Penn s speech as one of the worst in Oscar history.At first, Penn defensively denied rumors that he was close with the Venezuelan president, who reportedly took an interest in Penn thanks to his anti-Bush newspaper ads. You don t know that I have a friendship with Hugo Ch vez, you just read it in some piece,  he told the Telegraph in 2007.Watch here at the 1:12 mark, where Penn talks about imposing a jail sentence on anyone who speaks out against Chavez:But over the years, Penn opened up about his Chavez love as many others accused the president of running his country as dictator. Penn admitted a relationship and told Bill Maher that American journalists who slam Chavez should be imprisoned.Penn sealed the deal upon Chavez s death from cancer in 2013, calling the president a  friend  in a statement and adding:  Today the United States lost a friend it never knew it had. For entire story: NYDailyNews",0
21146,KING OBAMA Plans To Finish Term Traveling Around The World,"There are so many reasons for this little coward to leave America and travel abroad for the duration of his term. Does he have knowledge of an imminent attack on America and wants to be overseas when it happens? Is he using taxpayer money to travel around the world campaigning for UN Secretary General? Perhaps he wants to be on the other side of the world when criminal proceedings against Hillary heat up? Plotting against America for seven straight years can be exhausting. Maybe he just needs a break? Or perhaps it s just as simple as wanting to hit some international golf courses on our dime. Whatever his reasons, we can be sure that the American taxpayer will once again, be stuck with a hefty bill as this fraud travels across the globe contributing to  the greatest danger our nation faces  as he spews dreaded CO2 into the environment.While Obama s scorched-earth policies continue to ravage America and beyond, the president will be busy touring the world for much of the duration of his term.The purpose is to  seal his foreign policy legacy,  according to Politico.Obama is planning to travel the globe to seal his foreign policy legacy https://t.co/iUK6SvPv8O | Getty pic.twitter.com/iwe5Zub5te  POLITICO (@politico) December 29, 2015Hold onto your hats folks, it could be a bumpy ride.According to Politico:Obama has asked aides to set a busy international travel schedule for him in his final year, with  half a dozen  trips already in the works and more potentially coming together. The travel will be aimed at cementing a foreign policy legacy he hopes will include the Trans-Pacific Partnership, increased attention to Asia, an opening of Latin America, progress against the Islamic State and significant global movement on climate change.Air Force One will tack on a lot of miles courtesy of American taxpayers, and no doubt, folks stuck at home trying to make enough money to pay increased healthcare premiums (if they re lucky enough to have a job) will be treated to countless photo-ops of the president here, there, and everywhere.All this and more wasn t lost on those who didn t appreciate the  news  of Obama s  legacy  Via: BPRWe d love to know why you think Obama will spend the duration of his term overseas .",0
21147,"Dear Liberal, Why I’m So Hostile…And How “Your political beliefs are a threat to liberty – not just for me, but for my three boys”","WOW! This is a powerful, must read letter that should be shared with every American Lately, I must admit that my hostility towards your political ilk has ramped up, pretty dramatically. No, it s not because we, at this point in my life, have a half-black president in the White House, and I m some closet racist who is becoming increasingly frustrated at the prospects of the White Man s power slipping through my fingers. I know that you ve accused our side of such nonsense, and the thought keeps you warm at night, but I can assure you that it is a comfortable fiction of which you should probably divest yourself.Now before I waste too much of your time, let s establish who I m talking to. If you believe that we live in an evil, imperialist nation from its founding, and you believe that it should be  fundamentally transformed , lend me your ears. If you believe that the free market is the source of the vast majority of society s ills and wish to have more government intervention into it, I m talking to you. If you believe that health care is a basic human right and that government should provide it to everyone, you re the guy I m screaming at. If you think minorities cannot possibly survive in this inherently racist country without handouts and government mandated diversity quotas, you re my guy. If you believe that rich people are that way because they ve exploited their workers and acquired wealth on the backs of the poor, keep reading. Pretty much, if you trust government more than your fellow American, this post is for you.First of all, let me say that we probably agree on more things than you think. Even between Tea Party Patriots and Occupy Wall-Streeters, I ve observed a common hatred of the insidious alliance between big business and big government. As Representative Paul Ryan (R-WI) so correctly noted, government should never be in the business of picking winners and losers in corporate America, and no person, organization, union, or corporation should have their own key to the back door of our government.Second, contrary to popular belief, conservatives really are concerned with the plight of the poor in this nation. You accuse us of being uncompassionate, hateful, racist, and greedy, but studies have shown that when it comes to charitable giving, conservatives are at least (if not more, depending on the study you read) as generous as liberals in caring for the poor. The difference between us is not in our attitude towards the problem   it s our attitude towards the solution. We believe that the government does practically nothing well (since without competition or a profit motive there is no incentive to do well) and has made the plight of the poor far worse than it would have ever been had government never gotten involved. For a stark example of this, look no farther than the condition of the black family in America since the  War on Poverty  began. You believe that more government is the answer, and that if we only throw more money at the problem, the problem will go away. We believe, as Reagan so aptly stated,Government is not the solution to our problems; government is the problem.Third, as people who might actually have to avail ourselves of a doctor s services at some point in our lives, we are just as concerned with the condition of America s healthcare system as you are. While we believe that America has the world s most capable physicians, has the world s most innovative pharmaceutical industry, and is on the cutting edge of medical technology, we also understand that the delivery system is far from perfect. However, unlike you, we see a grave danger in turning the administration of that delivery system over to the same entity that is responsible for giving us the United States Postal Service. There are private sector solutions that should certainly be explored before we kill the system, altogether, by giving it to the government to run.Now that we ve touched on a couple of points of common ground, allow me to explain my aggressiveness towards your efforts to implement your progressive agenda. First, let s talk about the word  progressive , since you now seem to prefer that word to  liberal . In order to label something as progressive or regressive, one must have some idea as to what constitutes progress. What is the ideal towards which you are striving? An idea is considered progressive if it moves us closer to the ideal and regressive if it moves us further away. So, what is your ideal society?Though I can t begin to discern the thoughts of every liberal who may read this, nor can I assume that every liberal has the same notion of an ideal society, in my arguments with liberals over the years, I couldn t help but notice the influence that FDR s Second Bill of Rights has had in shaping the beliefs of the modern liberal with regards to domestic policy. The rights that FDR cited are: The right to a useful and remunerative job in the industries or shops or farms or mines of the nation; The right to earn enough to provide adequate food and clothing and recreation; The right of every farmer to raise and sell his products at a return which will give him and his family a decent living; The right of every businessman, large and small, to trade in an atmosphere of freedom from unfair competition and domination by monopolies at home or abroad; The right of every family to a decent home; The right to adequate medical care and the opportunity to achieve and enjoy good health; The right to adequate protection from the economic fears of old age, sickness, accident, and unemployment; The right to a good education.At this point, you re probably screaming,  Right on!! , and who can blame you? What sane person in the world doesn t want everyone to be gainfully employed, adequately fed, smartly clothed, appropriately sheltered, and properly educated? These are the goals of every moral society on the planet, however we cannot ignore the fundamental question of,  At what cost? I m not sure whether FDR was a shallow thinker or simply a shrewd, Machiavellian politician, but the fact that he framed each of these ideals as a human right should be troubling to every freedom-loving person in America. After all, what does it mean for something to be a human right? Doesn t it mean that it s something to which you are entitled simply by virtue of your being human? Let s think about some of the basic rights that the real Bill of Rights delineates: freedom of speech, freedom of religion, freedom to petition the government, freedom to bear arms, freedom from illegal search and seizure, etc.If you re moderately intelligent and intellectually honest, you ll quickly see what separates the rights laid out in the real Bill of Rights from those laid out in FDR s misguided list   none of the rights listed above require the time, treasure, or talents of another human being.Your right to speak requires nothing from anyone else. Your right to practice your religion requires nothing from any of your fellow citizens. Your right to bear arms means that you are allowed to possess weapons to defend yourself and your family, but it makes no demand that a weapon be provided to you by anyone. A true human right is one that you possess, even if you re the only person on the entire planet   and it is unconditional.FDR s list is no  Bill of Rights . It s a list of demands. If I have a right to a job, doesn t that mean that one must be provided to me? If I have a right to adequate food, clothing, and recreation, doesn t that mean that I am entitled to those things, and someone should provide them to me? If I have an inherent right to a decent home, once again, doesn t that mean it should be provided to me, regardless of my ability to afford one or build one for myself?You might protest that FDR only meant that we have the right to pursue those things, but that s not what he said, and why would he? If we live in a free society, our right to pursue those things is self-evident, is it not? Besides, if he only believed in our right to pursue those things, he would not have felt the need to implement the New Deal.You may be getting anxious, now, wondering what FDR s Second Bill of Rights has to do with my antipathy towards your political philosophy. It s quite simple   your political beliefs are a threat to liberty   not just for me, but for my three boys and their children as well. I care much less about the America that I m living in at this very moment than I do about the one that I m leaving Nathaniel, Charlie, and Jackson.How does your political bent threaten my and my sons personal liberty, you ask? In your irrational attempt to classify things such as clothing, shelter, health care, employment, and income as basic human rights, you are placing a demand upon my time, my treasure, and my talents. If you believe that you have a right to health care, and you are successful in persuading enough shallow thinkers to think as you do, then it will place a demand upon me to provide it to you. If you believe that you have a right to a job, and more than half of America agrees with you, as a business owner, I am obligated to provide one to you, even if it means making my business less profitable.The fact is, you can rail against my conservatism all you wish. You can make fun of my Tea Party gatherings, and you can ridicule patriots in tri-corner hats until you wet yourself from mirth, but one thing is for certain: my political philosophy will NEVER be a threat to your freedom. If you feel a burning responsibility to the poor, conservatism will never prevent you from working 80 hours per week and donating all of your income to charity. If you feel a strong sense of pity for a family who cannot afford health insurance, my political philosophy will never prevent you from purchasing health insurance for this family or raising money to do so, if you cannot afford it, personally. If you are moved with compassion for a family who is homeless, a conservative will never use the police power of government to prevent you from taking that family in to your own home or mobilizing your community to build one for them.However, you cannot say the same for liberalism. If I choose not to give to the poor for whatever reason, you won t simply try to persuade me on the merits of the idea   you will seek to use the government as an instrument of plunder to force me to give to the poor. If we are walking down the street together and we spot a homeless person, using this logic, you would not simply be content with giving him $20 from your own pocket   you would hold a gun to my head and force me to give him $20, as well.Everything that modern liberalism accomplishes is accomplished at the barrel of a government rifle. You do not trust in the generosity of the American people to provide, through private charity, things such as clothing, food, shelter, and health care, so you empower the government to take from them and spend the money on wasteful, inefficient, and inadequate government entitlement programs. You do not trust in the personal responsibility of the average American to wield firearms in defense of themselves and their families, so you seek to empower the government to criminalize the use and possession of firearms by private citizens. Everytime you empower the government, you lose more of your personal liberty   it s an axiomatic truth.What angers me the most about you is the eagerness with which you allow the incremental enslavement to occur. You are the cliched and proverbial frog in the pot who has actually convinced himself that he s discovered a big, silver jacuzzi. Somehow, you re naive enough to believe that one more degree of heat won t really matter that much.I have the utmost respect for a slave who is continuously seeking a path to freedom. What I cannot stomach is a free man who is continuous seeking a path to servitude by willingly trading his freedom for the false sense of security that government will provide.I am reminded of Samuel Adams  impassioned speech where he stated: If ye love wealth (or security) better than liberty, the tranquillity of servitude than the animating contest of freedom,   go from us in peace. We ask not your counsels or arms. Crouch down and lick the hands which feed you. May your chains sit lightly upon you, and may posterity forget that ye were our countrymen!  Servitude can exist in a free society, but freedom cannot exist in a slave nation. In a free country, you have the liberty to join with others of your political ilk and realize whatever collectivist ideals you can dream up. You can start your own little commune where the sign at the front gate says,  From each according to his ability; to each according to his need , and everyone can work for the mutual benefit of everyone else. In my society, you have the freedom to do that.In your society, I don t have the same freedom. If your collectivism offends me, I am not free to start my own free society within its borders. In order for collectivism to work, everyone must be on board, even those who oppose it   why do you think there was a Berlin Wall?In conclusion, just know that the harder you push to enact your agenda, the more hostile I will become   the harder I will fight you. It s nothing personal, necessarily. If you want to become a slave to an all-powerful central government, be my guest. But if you are planning to take me and my family down with you, as we say down here in the South, I will stomp a mud-hole in your chest and walk it dry.Bring it.Jeremy N. Choateh/t Zero Hedge",0
21148,"OBAMA RAMPS UP Militarization Of EPA, FDA, VA While Obsessing Over Taking Guns From Citizens","Every American should be concerned and should be demanding answers from Washington about why we need to militarize these federal government agencies As the U.S. engages in a national debate over the militarization of the police, federal data shows that government agencies charged with largely administrative roles are spending tens of millions of taxpayer dollars to purchase SWAT and military-style equipment.Since FY 2006, 44 traditionally administrative agencies have spent over $71 million on items like body armor, riot helmets and shields, cannon launchers and police firearms and ammunition, according to federal spending data from watchdog group OpenTheBooks.comThis comes in addition to the $330 million spent on such equipment in that period by traditional law enforcement agencies like the FBI, Secret Service and Drug Enforcement Administration.Some examples of the purchases include:  Nearly $2 million spent by the Department of Veterans Affairs on riot helmets, defender shields, body armor, a  milo return fire cannon system,  armored mobile shields, Kevlar blankets, tactical gear and equipment for crowd control.  Over $300,000 spent by the Food and Drug Administration on  ballistic vests and carriers  in fiscal 2014. Via: Washington Times ",0
21149,Hollywood Lefty Leo DiCaprio Goes Off The Rails On Climate Change Claims [Video],"Leo must be drinking the climate change Kool-Aid:  It is the most existential human crisis that the world has ever known, in my opinion. Fresh from filming The Revenant, DiCaprio and the film s director Alejandro I rritu recounted how they experienced the devastating affects of climate change on location in Argentina in the nine months that it took to make the movie. Yep, he really believes all this bs. This would all be funny except for the fact that DiCaprio is head of a multimillion-dollar environmental lobby group, the Leonardo DiCaprio Foundation, and a producer of documentaries on climate change.DiCaprio just gave $15 million to environmental causes last year.Here he s pictured with the commie head of the UN: ",0
21150,MUSLIM TEENS Stage Fake Terrorist Attack In MN Movie Theater…Guess Who They Blame?,"Oh and as an added bonus, according to one of the Muslim teens, they snuck into the theater as well In addition to faking hate crimes against themselves, Muslims are now resorting to staging fake terrorist attacks to prove how Islamophobic America is. First there was Clock Boy in Texas, then The Muslim Hipsters in Arkansas, and now it s the Muslim Movie Goers in Minnesota. A group of Muslim teens did their best to make movie theater patrons think they were about to launch an attack with some purposely-suspicious actions recently.It turns out the Mall of America isn t just a place for angry black protesters; it s also a great spot for creating a false Islamophobic response. The City Pages reports that on January 1st a group of African Muslim teenagers, possibly from Somalia, went to a movie at the country s largest mall. They were all carrying backpacks and speaking with heavy accents and foreign tongues. They wanted to be noticed.Once the movie began, the 5 or so black Muslims got up and separated, taking seats away from each other. As you can imagine, the rest of the people in the theater thought this was a pretty unusual thing for them to do. In fact, most of the other moviegoers thought these Muslim teens were about to launch a jihad right then and there.Reportedly, as many as 15 movie patrons left the theater and called the police, fearing that radical Islamic inspired bloodshed was eminent. The police and mall security arrived and detained the Muslims. They explained to the officers that they got up and moved away from each other because they didn t want to be tempted to talk to each other during the film, which sounds like a complete load of shit.One of the Muslims, Akram Oromo, took video of the cordial police officers questioning him and his co-conspirators and posted it to his FaceBook page. He also pointed out how racist this intrusion was:Racism well never stop ima let u know that because this white people though this young Muslim teens going to blow up the movie theater because we all have a backpack. More than 15 whites start running from the theater like we about do some stupid shit they called police and moa security but they didn t find anything from usAccording to the video, in addition to freaking people out, Oromo and his friends also snuck into the movie without paying.// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Racism well never stop ? ima let u know that because this white people though this young Muslim teens going to blow up the movie theater because we all have a backpack. More than 15whites start running from the theater like we about do some stupid shit they called police and moa security but they didn t find anything from us #racism #muslims#freedom#AfricanPosted by Akram Oromo on Friday, 1 January 2016Islamic terrorists have struck on US soil recently. Radical Islamic groups have actually called for a hit on the Mall of America. It is not racist or Islamophobic for people to react to obvious Muslims acting in a very suspicious manner. That is called vigilance. Even Muslim apologist Barack Obama has said that Americans should keep their eyes open and report anything that doesn t seem right as a way to combat terrorism.It s my opinion that these Muslim teens did this on purpose with the goal of triggering a police response so they could cry about the unfair treatment they receive in the US. Terrorism is evolving, but so too is hate crime hoaxing. It s really quite simple: go to a public place, do something technically legal yet terribly suspicious, then sit back and reap the liberal media sympathy.Via: DownTrend",0
21151,“HILLARY WILL BE INDICTED”,"The question is who Obama will protect? Will he stand by his  Yes woman,  Attorney General Loretta Lynch, or will he provide cover for Hillary, allowing her to emerge as the successor to his corrupt two terms in office? Our money is on Obama protecting Attorney General Loretta Lynch if Valerie Jarrett has anything to do with it A former U.S. Attorney predicts a Watergate-style showdown in the Department of Justice if Attorney General Loretta Lynch overrules a potential FBI recommendation to indict Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. The [FBI] has so much information about criminal conduct by her and her staff that there is no way that they walk away from this,  Joseph diGenova, formerly the District of Columbia s U.S. Attorney, told Laura Ingraham in a Tuesday radio interview.  They are going to make a recommendation that people be charged and then Loretta Lynch is going to have the decision of a lifetime. I believe that the evidence that the FBI is compiling will be so compelling that, unless [Lynch] agrees to the charges, there will be a massive revolt inside the FBI, which she will not be able to survive as an attorney general. It will be like Watergate. It will be unbelievable. DiGenova is referring to the Watergate scandal s  Saturday Night Massacre  Oct. 20, 1973, when President Richard Nixon sacked Special Prosecutor Archibald Cox and Attorney General Elliot Richardson and Deputy Attorney General William Ruckelshaus resigned in protest. Via: Daily Caller ",0
21152,"MUST WATCH Trump Ad Highlights Hillary’s War On Women: Bill, Monica And Other Perverts Make Guest Appearances","The days of Hillary s past being  off limits  are officially over Bill s escapades and sexual assaults with various women throughout their marriage will all be coming out in this election. Stories about how Hillary threatened victims of Bill s sexual assaults are beginning to emerge. Hillary s closest friend, ally and top aide Huma Mahmood Abedin is also an enabler of a perverted husband, former Democrat NY Congressman Anthony Weiner, who thanks to Andrew Breitbart, was caught sexting several women during his term as a NY Congressman while his wife, Huma was pregnant with their first child. Birds of a feather Enjoy his latest Instagram ad here:Hillary and her friends!A video posted by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Jan 7, 2016 at 9:19am PSTHere s Trump s tweet announcing his new Instagram ad:Hillary and her friends! https://t.co/q45tTapqMI  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 7, 2016",0
21153,"HILLARY LANDS COVETED Taxpayer Funded, Planned Parenthood Endorsement","Sadly, this will be the only reason many women will vote for her. Hillary s crimes will suddenly become a distant memory to many female (and some male) voters. Because when it comes to defending a woman s right to kill her baby, every criminal act Hillary s ever committed takes a backseat There are many on the GOP side thankfully, who are still defending the lives of the most vulnerable among us:Planned Parenthood, the national women s health organization that Hillary Clinton often mentions on the campaign trial, will endorse the 2016 candidate for president on Sunday in New Hampshire.This will be the first time the group, which has been mired in controversy since a series of videos by anti-abortion activists were released in 2015, will endorse in a presidential primary. As a lifelong Planned Parenthood supporter, I m honored to have the endorsement of the Planned Parenthood Action Fund,  Clinton said in response to the endorsement.  There has never been a more important election when it comes to women s health and reproductive rights   and Planned Parenthood s patients, providers, and advocates across the country are a crucial line of defense against the dangerous agenda being advanced by every Republican candidate for president. The group will make the endorsement official at what they are billing as their election kickoff event in Manchester, New Hampshire on Sunday. The group plans to spend at least $20 million in this election cycle, according to a press release.The endorsement was somewhat of a forgone conclusion. Clinton regularly mentions Planned Parenthood on the campaign trail    I will defend a woman s right to choose,  she says   a line that draws applause from Democratic crowds. In Congress and on the campaign trail, Republicans that claim they just hate big government are only too happy to have government step in when it comes to women s bodies and heath,  Clinton said at the New Hampshire Democratic Party s Jefferson-Jackson Dinner in 2015.  It is wrong, and we are not going to stand for it. Planned Parenthood s endorsement, which was first reported by CBS, is sure to draw scorn from Republican presidential candidates, many of whom regularly pledge to defund the group is elected president.In accepting the endorsement, Clinton said the United States needs  a president who has what it takes to stop Republicans from defunding Planned Parenthood and taking away a woman s right to basic health care. If I m elected,  she added,  I will be that president. This is the second national women s health group to back Clinton. NARAL Pro-Choice America PAC endorsed Clinton earlier this week, their president stating that Clinton  has what it takes to fight Republican attacks on women s reproductive rights, and has the vision and experience to ensure women and families thrive. Via: CNN",0
21154,[VIDEO] DINESH D’SOUZA Warned Us About What The World Would Look Like If We Gave Obama Another Term In “2016: Obama’s America”…Was He Correct?,"Dinesh made some frightening predictions in his blockbuster movie,  2016: Obama s America.  Was he correct in his predictions? ",0
21155,BOMBSHELL: More Women Threatened By Hillary Are Ready To Come Forward With Sexual Assault Accusations Against Her Perverted Husband [VIDEO],"The Clinton Crime Syndicate may find a few bumps in the road, as they attempt to claw their way back into he White House.  Women who have been intimidated and silenced by the Clinton Crime Syndicate in the past, have recently been inspired by other women who are bravely speaking out against this serial pervert and the woman who has enabled Bill s war against women for decades Since returning to the campaign trail as an advocate for Hillary, Bill Clinton has been harried by renewed interest in his past sexual misconduct as well as Hillary s alleged role in intimidating his victims into silence.Roger Stone, author of the New York Times bestselling  The Clinton s War On Women , claims that he has personal knowledge of previously unknown victims who are preparing to come forward with accusations against the former president. I identified 24 women who ve been assaulted by Bill Clinton,  Stone said on The Sean Hannity Show.  Now some of these women are still terrified. Some of them have had IRS audits. Some of them have had their families threatened. But others have come forward. Are you saying there s women whose names we don t know that are mentioned in your book or not mentioned in your book that are going to come forward and start telling those stories?  Sean asked. Yes, I think it s very probable,  Stone responded.  Not all of them because some of them are still terrified, their families have been threatened, their lives have been threatened. Are we talking about affairs, or are we talking about assaults?  asked Hannity. We re talking about assaults,  declared Stone.  I don t want to get out ahead of myself but I think as Broaddrick, and [Kathleen] Willey, and Jones speak out, other women are encouraged who have been assaulted, who have been threatened by Hillary are encouraged by the courage of those three women. Listen to Roger Stone s bombshell revelation along with author Ed Klein on The Sean Hannity Show:Via: Hannity Show",0
21156,BREAKING: Man Rushes To Paris Police Station Doors With Knife Screaming “Allahu Akbar”…Was He Another “Muslim Clock Boy?”,"It doesn t appear the man rushing to doors of a Paris police station with a knife, screaming  Allahu Akbar  wearing a fake suicide vest will garner a visit to France s President Francois Hollande s office. While France has made the decision to take a hard-line on Muslim terrorists, Obama and his Attorney General, Loretta Lynch have taken a hard-line against any American who uses language that they consider  hate speech  against Muslims. The idea that the  Muslim Clock Boy  (a term that we coined) was able to take a fake bomb to school and become an overnight celebrity, as our  victim of the month  in America tells us all we need to know about how seriously the Left has taken the threat of terrorism in America. Paris police shot dead on Thursday a man wielding a knife after he tried to enter a police station shouting  Allahu Akbar  (God is Great) and wearing what turned out to be a fake suicide belt.The incident took place exactly one year after deadly Islamist militant attacks on the Charlie Hebdo satirical magazine in the French capital and also just minutes after President Francois Hollande had given a speech in an another part of Paris to mark the anniversary. The man may have been wearing something that could be a suicide belt,  Interior Ministry spokesman Pierre-Henry Brandet told BFM TV. Brandet later confirmed to Reuters that the suicide belt was fake.France has been on high alert ever since the shootings last January at the Charlie Hebdo office and at a Jewish supermarket in which 17 people died over three days.Security concerns were further heightened in November, when 130 people were killed in the capital in coordinated shootings and suicide bombings that targeted a music hall, bars and restaurants and a soccer stadium.Islamic State, the militant group that controls swathes of Iraq and Syria, claimed responsibility for the Nov. 13 attacks. Several of the militants involved in those attacks were, like last January s killers, French-born.In Thursday s incident, the man tried to force his way into the police station in the 18th district in northern Paris, an area that Islamic State said it had been planning to hit as part of the November attacks.WIRES PROTRUDING According to our colleagues, he wanted to blow himself up,  an official at the Alternative Police union said.  He shouted Allahu Akbar and had wires protruding from his clothes. That s why the police officer opened fire. Officials said bomb disposal experts were on site.Journalist Anna Polonyi, who could see the outside of the police station from the window of her flat, posted photos on social media that showed what appeared to be a bomb-disposal robot beside the body.She told Reuters that her sister, in the flat with her, had seen the incident happen. She said the police shouted at the man and that he then started running towards them before they shot him.Last year s attacks have boosted the popularity of the far-right National Front party ahead of a presidential election due in 2017.In his speech, Hollande promised to better equip police to prevent further militant attacks.The president also defended draconian security measures implemented since November that his Socialist government had once shunned. Via: Reuters",0
21157,"[VIDEO] BLACK TWO-TIME OBAMA VOTER LASHES OUT: “I got tricked, I got bamboozled. I voted for him twice. I’m voting for Trump”","The tide is turning and the Democrats are losing passionate black voters to Donald Trump. Minorities are watching jobs and benefits  going to foreigners that should be going to Americans first. This kind of rhetoric doesn t bode well for the Democrat party. We taking back America. We taking back America. I stand for him [Trump]. They (illegal aliens and refugees)  We don t got no jobs.We got babies too. I got a little girl. I can t hardly support her. No,no, no. But the foreigners driving around in new cars. They ve got the jobs. Obama has failed us. It s time for someone to make a stand. Obama has let me down. I voted for him twice and he broke my heart. We need Donald Trump. Obama has failed. He let us down. We don t have nobody fighting for us. We gotta fight for Obama I mean for Donald Trump not no damn Obama.  I m sick of him [Obama]. I got tricked. I got bamboozled twice. Not gonna do it to me anymore, because Donald Trump s the man. He s [Trump] gonna take care of our veterans. He s gonna take care of our military. He s gonna take care of our babies. They talk about  black and white?'  That s a lie! We built this country together. I love blacks too. Of course I m with blacks. But I gotta keep it real. I m an American not no terrorist. Obama won t even call them  terrorists.  If you fly a plane into a building. If you blow yourself up and the American people you are a terrorist!  White little babies and black little babies don t have food to eat, but you [Obama] gives away $150 billion! ",0
21158,"[VIDEO] GERMAN MAYOR Blames Victims Of Mass Rape, Sexual Assault By Muslim Migrants For Not Defending Themselves","Because blaming the Muslim migrants who raped and sexually assaulted an untold number of women on New Years Eve would be politically incorrect and certainly not very hospitable A political scandal is developing in Germany as ordinary citizens wake up to the scale of the migrant crime cover-up, and the callous reaction of the mayor of Cologne to mass-sex crime on new year s eve.The Mayor of Cologne has spoken out about the attacks, but her carefully chosen words are unlikely to delight many. Rather than addressing the root causes of the violence   unlimited mass migration and a totally failed system of integration   the newly elected pro-migrant mayor instead blamed the victims of the sexual abuse for having failed to defend themselves against the immigrant attackers.Here is a video of the shocking chaos that took place on New Years Eve:Speaking on live television this afternoon mayor Henriette Reker, who was near-fatally stabbed in the run up to October elections by an anti mass migration campaigner, said in future women would have to be better prepared in her city to deal with migrants.She remarked:  The women and young girls have to be more protected in the future so these things don t happen again. This means, they should go out and have fun, but they need to be better prepared, especially with the Cologne carnival coming up. For this, we will publish online guidelines that these young women can read through to prepare themselves .What form this guidance will take is presently unclear, the mayor could take inspiration from young victim whose modest clothes protected them from the worst consequences of walking at night in areas controlled by migrant men. The woman said:  Fortunately I wore a jacket and trousers. a skirt would probably have been torn away from me .Despite her words of warning towards women in the city they could prepare for more violence against them, she refuted the suggestion there was any link between the attacks and migrants, contradicting her own chief of police.An opposition council member has today sounded the alarm bell on the deteriorating state of control the local government has over the city of Cologne, and in an official letter from the council group has warned those planning to come to the famous Cologne council next month  the city and the police  are unable to guarantee the safety of locals and tourists .Council group leader and lawyer Judith Wolter said in her letter to the people of Cologne today:  I want as a member of the Cologne City Council  to submit a travel warning for the carnival time in Cologne city centre. Especially the area in and around the central station, the cathedral and the adjoining area towards the banks of the Rhine for tourists (and locals) is no longer considered even in normal times as safe. For months, there is in these areas numerous thefts, open drug dealing, robberies and harassment of all kinds  Dozens of women were sexually harassed in public and there was at least one rape. Neither the city nor the police are able to guarantee in the territory described the safety of tourists and locals. Especially for women it must be assumed that a high security risk is here in the evening and night hours. At New Year s Eve there was a legal vacuum and a no-go area for women. With the climax of the Carnival season it is unfortunately expected to be a similar situation .German police have admitted to losing several urban areas to migrant gangs as so-called no-go zones, but this is possibly the first time a public square in the centre of a European city has been acknowledged by officials as having been lost to criminality, and out of the control of police at night.News of the attacks was suppressed for days, with just short reports of isolated incidents in Cologne city centre making it to local outlets on New Year s Day.The Kolnifsche Rundschau described the scene at the railways station as  largely peaceful  and made no effort to describe those who attacked the young women, one of which told press she had  fingers on every orifice  after she was stripped near naked.Only after nearly 100 victims of assault and abuse came forwards to police, and stories of attacks started circulating on social media did the truth of the situation start to slowly emerge, forcing local police to hold a press conference on Monday afternoon.Despite the chief of police admitting the enormous scale of sexual assault and confirming the attackers were of  North African and Arab  origin, much of the mainstream media is still in damage control mode, either trying to shift the focus from migrants, or avoiding the events completely. Via: Breitbart News",0
21159,BEHIND THE CURTAIN: How Obama Plans To Prevent “Certain” Social Security Beneficiaries From Owning Guns,"There is nothing about Obama s executive order gun grab. Barack Hussein Obama has an agenda that, for some reason, no one in America seems to be able to stop. From the video showing fake tears flowing from Obama s left eye, to every false word uttered from his mouth, it is clear he will stop at nothing to fundamentally change America, just as he promised the American voter when he campaigned back in 2007. The White House released a fact-sheet Jan. 4 which previews the executive gun control Obama will unveil Tuesday and one aspect of the new controls is the inclusion of  information from the Social Security Administration in the background check system about beneficiaries who are prohibited from possessing a firearm. On July 18 Breitbart News reported on Obama s push to ban gun-possession for Social Security beneficiaries who are believed incapable of handling their own finances.At that same time, the Los Angeles Times reported that a ban was being put together  outside of public view,  so all the details were not known. But the Times did know that the ban would cover those who are unable to manage their own affairs for a multitude of reasons from  subnormal intelligence or mental illness  to  incompetency,  an unspecified  condition,  or  disease. The ban pertaining to Social Security beneficiaries is now tucked into the  mental health  aspects of Obama s executive gun control.According to the White House executive order preview:Current law prohibits individuals from buying a gun if, because of a mental health issue, they are either a danger to themselves or others or are unable to manage their own affairs. The Social Security Administration (SSA) has indicated that it will begin the rulemaking process to ensure that appropriate information in its records is reported to NICS. The reporting that SSA, in consultation with the Department of Justice, is expected to require will cover appropriate records of the approximately 75,000 people each year who have a documented mental health issue, receive disability benefits, and are unable to manage those benefits because of their mental impairment, or who have been found by a state or federal court to be legally incompetent. The rulemaking will also provide a mechanism for people to seek relief from the federal prohibition on possessing a firearm for reasons related to mental health.Again, the push for a ban on gun possession for certain Social Security beneficiaries was already in the works during the summer, but it is also incorporated into the  mental health  aspect of Obama s executive gun control.And this means that information on beneficiaries who meet the criteria of mental impairment demonstrated in part by an inability to manage their own benefits will be added to the National Instant Criminal Background System (NICS) so that the beneficiaries cannot buy a gun. Via: Breitbart News",0
21160,CHER ATTACKS TRUMP: Compares Bill Clinton’s Infidelities To Trump’s 3 Marriages…Forgets One Important Fact,"Really Cher? We re not excusing infidelity, but it should be pointed out that Donald Trump, who fell in love with Marla Maples, ended up marrying her. How many twisted affairs that Bill had during his marriage to Hillary had a happy ending for the women involved? Did Bill have multiple affairs with women because he loved them, or simply because he s a pervert who clearly has no respect for the sanctity of marriage? We all make mistakes, and comparing a single affair that Trump had, to a serial philanderer is simply not a fair comparison.TRUMP CANT THROW ONE STONE AT PRES CLINTON, REGARDING CHEATING. TRUMP HUMILIATED BOTH HIS WIVES IN HEADLINES 4WKS,BECAUSE OF HIS CHEATING  Cher (@cher) January 5, 2016Marla Maples and her true feelings about Donald Trump:And then there s the our former President, convicted liar and serial pervert, Bill Clinton: SAID THIS B4,BUT MUST REITERATE,IF THERES PRES TRUMP2016,U CAN THANK THE MEDIA NEWS SOURCES HAVE HANDED HIM WIN ON A SILVER PLATTER,4FREE  Cher (@cher) December 30, 2015Honestly Think Pathological Side Of Trump Has Always Existed..However,This Campaign has opened Pandora s Box.He s Lowest Common Denominator  Cher (@cher) December 29, 2015By way of comparison,(aside from the famous White House affair with teenager and intern, Monica Lewinsky) here s the list of accusations against serial pervert, Bill Clinton:Juanita Broaddrick (AR)- rapeEileen Wellstone (Oxford)   rapeElizabeth Ward Gracen   rape   quid pro quo, post incident intimidationRegina Hopper Blakely    forced himself on her, biting, bruising her Kathleen Willey (WH)   sexual assault, intimidations, threatsSandra Allen James (DC)   sexual assault22 Year Old 1972 (Yale)   sexual assaultKathy Bradshaw (AK)   sexual assaultCristy Zercher   unwelcomed sexual advance, intimidationsPaula Jones (AR)   unwelcomed sexual advance, exposure, bordering on sexual assaultCarolyn Moffet -unwelcomed sexual advance, exposure, bordering on sexual assault1974 student at University of Arkansas   unwelcomed physical contact1978-1980   seven complaints per Arkansas state troopersMonica Lewinsky   quid pro quo, post incident character assaultGennifer Flowers   quid pro quo, post incident character assaultDolly Kyle Browning   post incident character assaultSally Perdue   post incident threatsBetty Dalton   rebuffed his advances, married to one of his supportersDenise Reeder   apologetic note scanned",0
21161,BREAKING: Iran Publicly Humiliates Obama…Unveils Second Underground Missile Capable Of Carrying Nuclear Warhead,"A clear violation of Obama s lopsided  deal  with Iran Hey Barry do you still think Iran wants to be our friend? What was the rush for America to cave to Iran while totally ignoring their nuclear ambitions?  Iran unveiled a new underground missile depot on Tuesday with state television showing Emad precision-guided missiles in store which the United States says can take a nuclear warhead and violate a 2010 U.N. Security Council resolution.The defiant move to publicize Iran s missile program seemed certain to irk the United States as it plans to dismantle nearly all sanctions on Iran under a breakthrough nuclear agreement.Tasnim news agency and state television video said the underground facility, situated in mountains and run by Iran s Revolutionary Guards, was inaugurated by the speaker of parliament, Ali Larijani. Release of one-minute video followed footage of another underground missile depot last October.The United States says the Emad, which Iran tested in October, would be capable of carrying a nuclear warhead and U.S. officials say Washington will respond to the Emad tests with fresh sanctions against Iranian individuals and businesses linked to the program.Iran s boasting about its missile capabilities are a challenge for U.S. President Barack Obama s administration as the United States and European Union plan to dismantle nearly all international sanctions against Tehran under the nuclear deal reached in July. Via: Reuters ",0
21162,YOU BE THE JUDGE: WATCH…Did Obama Put Something In His Eye To Make It Look Like He Was Crying?,"Are you kidding me? When is the last time you saw anyone cry out of only one eye? He clearly rubs his left eye with his finger (insert solution to make eyes water) then pauses (not for effect, but to wait for the solution to work), then voila instant tears pour out of ONLY one eye Following Obama s phony tears, he launched directly into attack mode of the Republican majority Congress (who have already proven they re not on our team) and the gun lobby. All of us need to demand a Congress brave enough to stand up to the gun lobbies lies. WATCH HERE You be the judge:Go HERE to see another staged event where Obama was the lead actor during his Obamacare pep rally.",0
21163,CROCODILE TEARS: Watch Obama Use Phony Outrage To Gain Sympathy For Gun Control,"Following Obama s phony tears, he launched directly into attack mode of the Republican majority Congress (who have already proven their not on our team) and the gun lobby. All of us need to demand a Congress brave enough to stand up to the gun lobbies lies. Every time I think about those kids it gets me mad,  he said, as he bowed his head for ultimate effect, and then boom as though he never shed a tear, the attack against Republicans and gun lobbies began.Where was his outrage when Kate Steinle was killed by an illegal alien in a Sanctuary City? Where was his outrage when cops were being killed as a result of his war against cops? Obama s selective outrage and faux tears aren t fooling anyone who s paying attention This isn t the first time Obama used a fake dramatic scene to promote his agenda. Remember this phony scene? Obama was in the middle of his speech promoting socialized medicine, but somehow was able to see a woman behind him about to pass out. Watch him save her just in the nick of time. ",0
21164,"SAUDI BILLIONAIRE Who Used Sharia Law To Make Fortune, Donates $10 MILLION To Yale University To Build Islamic Law Center","Because every American Ivy League school needs an Islamic Law Center Saleh Abdullah Kamel, a Saudi banker who is now worth billions of dollars thanks to his success with Sharia-compliant financing, has donated $10 million to Yale University as part of a successful effort to build an Islamic Law Center at the Ivy League school. Mr. Kamel s extraordinary generosity will open up exciting new opportunities for Yale Law School and for the entire university, said Yale President Peter Salovey.  The Abdullah S. Kamel Center for the Study of Islamic Law and Civilization will enhance research opportunities for our students and other scholars and enable us to disseminate knowledge and insights for the benefit of scholars and leaders all over the world. Professor Anthony Kronman, a new co-director of the Islamic Law Center, said of the school s new addition: The contemporary challenges of Islamic law are broadly relevant to political events throughout the entire Islamic world and those are developments that are watched by a much larger audience of people who in many cases have not much knowledge at all of the history and traditions of Islamic law. It s the responsibility of universities to teach and instruct and that obligation applies with particular force where an issue or a subject tends to be viewed in an incomplete or inadequate or even caricatured way. There the responsibility to teach and enlighten is even stronger,  he added.Noticeably left out of the press release is the fact that Mr. Kamel s Dallah Al Baraka Group, for which he is the Chief Executive, has been investigated by U.S. officials for bankrolling al-Qaeda s operations worldwide.Moreover, the bank was founded by former al-Qaeda chief Osama Bin Laden along with a group of Sudanese jihadists, the State Department has alleged, according to the Wall Street Journal.And in the 1998 New York City trials of al-Qaeda members, witnesses testified that Mr. Kamel s bank had previously transferred hundreds-of-thousands of dollars to al-Qaeda to help them buy an airplane, the report stated.Additionally, Kamel s father s name appears on the  Golden Chain,  a list of alleged al-Qaeda funders that was confiscated by Bosnian authorities after raiding an al-Qaeda front group in 2002.The new Yale Islamic Center becomes the latest of many Saudi-funded influence operations on American university campuses throughout the continental United States. Some more notable Saudi-funded campus outfits include the $20 million Prince Alwaleed Islamic Studies Program at Harvard University and the $20 million Prince Alwaleed bin Talal Center for Muslim-Christian Understanding at Georgetown University. More Saudi-backed Professorships and Islamic Centers have made their way to Columbia University, Rice University, the University of Arkansas, University of California in Los Angeles, the University of California/Berkeley, and countless other institutions.Via: Breitbart News",0
21165,PRICELESS: Watch Bill Clinton’s Awkward Response When Asked If His Perverted Past Is “Fair Game”,"Let s be honest when it comes to the Clinton clan, is there really any criminal or morally corrupt act they ve committed that the media doesn t consider  off limits? I think there s always a temptation to take the election away from people, so I m just gonna give it to them.  -Bill Clinton s utterly incoherent answer to question about his perverted past posed to him by ABC s Cecilia Vega..@ABC Exclusive: Bill Clinton responds to Trump's claim that his past is fair game in interview with @CeciliaVegaABChttps://t.co/4ARzemKcRY  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) January 4, 2016",0
21166,WATCH: CNN HOST GETS SCHOOLED By Guest After Comparing Oregon Protesters To #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists,"Facts are funny things Ever wonder why the Left is so opposed to using them in an argument?CNN law enforcement analyst Art Rodericktold explained to CNN host Brian Stelter, armed protesters in Oregon who took over a federal building to protest a tyrannical federal government, were not being surrounded by federal agents because:  They re not destroying property, they re not looting. ",0
21167,GERMAN RESIDENTS FIGHT BACK: Anti-Islamic Song With No Words Knocks Adele Off Top Spot,"Apparently these Germans are not interested in becoming another Sweden A wordless anti-Islamist hymn knocked chart-buster Adele off the top of the charts in Germany.A wordless hymn by the anti-Islamic group Pegida called  Together we re strong  has knocked pop diva Adele off the top of the Amazon singles chart.The song has been available to buy on Amazon since December 21st and has been among the top 100 best selling singles for four days.German media picked up on the songs emerging success on Tuesday when it was still at number 26 in the chart. Die Welt reported that despite widespread ridicule, the hymn, which contains no words, was selling well.Since then it has leaped up to overtake Adele s hit single  Hello. It has also jumped above successful German recording artists Robin Schulz and Sido, who have been knocked down to places three and four, respectively.On YouTube the hymn has also clocked up over 100,000 views so far. However, most of the commentaries underneath ridicule it for its banality.A PEGIDA activist put video of the German anti-Islamist protester to the hymn by Peggy Sounds,  Germainsam Sind Wir Stark.   Via: Local h/t Gateway Pundit",0
21168,UAW BULLIES Print Names Of Non-Members In Right-To-Work State [VIDEO],"This should come as no surprise to anyone who has watched these thugs in action. There is no line the union bosses won t cross to keep the unions dues flowing .The list, obtained by the 7 Investigators, is creating a stir among current and ex-union members in southeast Michigan.The Warren chapter of the UAW, Local 412, appears to publicly shame those opting out of the union   listing 43 workers who,  choose not to pay their fair share. Paying members are encouraged to virtually shun them, the union saying,  do not share any tools, knowledge or support for any of these employees. Here s a little sample (video below) of MI union workers and how they bully and harass anyone who tries to prevent them from forcing workers from joining. This video was taken in Lansing, MI prior to the passage of the Right-To-Work legislation. Leisa and I (Patty) were present at this event when these bullies spent days walking around threatening anyone who opposed them. They knocked over our podium and cut down banners on the stairs leading up to the State Capitol that we reserved. Male union members physically and verbally assaulted us and even went so far as to cut down the tent that AFP rented with several people inside, including a disabled woman with an oxygen tank. Critics say the union is,  Trying to use co-workers to peer pressure [them] to pay the union,  says Vincent Vernuccio with the Mackinac Center for Public Policy.  We ve seen other locals use it. Its just simply intimidation and bullying. Local 412 has a different take on this. They say its simply informational.In the letter, the chapter claims the list is to make sure those ex-members are barred from events and other benefits.The president of Local 412 didn t answer our calls for comment.One of those ex-members singled out in bold by the union is Robert Patchett. In an interview with 7 Action News, he said he feels like he has a  target on my back. He says a number of union workers have visited his office inquiring about him since the December list came out and he fears what that may mean. Via: WXYZ",0
21169,If Your Biological Plumbing Doesn’t Match Sign On Door You’ll Have To Use Another Bathroom If This Bill Passes,"PC is killing our country. This is called fighting back While counterculture crackpots are working themselves into a lather over the prospect that, in some places, men who think that they re women can go tinkle in the same restroom where a 6-year-old girl is pulling down her panties, one state legislator has decided that it might be time to push back.Indiana State Sen. Jim Tomes, who probably accepts basic biology and believes that people born with a penis are male, proposed a bill that would make it a Class A misdemeanor for trannies to use a bathroom that doesn t correspond to their birth gender.Last week, Tomes uttered the following line that s sure to ignite tempers among the social justice mob:  If you were born a man, then you are obliged to use the males  restroom. What s next? A hereditary monarchy?Anyone convicted of a Class A misdemeanor could face a year in prison and as much as a $5,000 fine.It should be noted, though, that the language in the legislation makes exceptions for janitors, first aid providers, and parents accompanying children under the age of 8.The bill does, however, cover schools. So if it passes and Little Boy Twinkletoes decides that he needs to use the girls  locker room after gym class, then he s facing charges.Indiana saw some action in the culture war last year when the state passed a religious freedom law. That law was widely opposed by American liberals, who hate religious freedom.Via: DownTrend",0
21170,ANDREW BREITBART Warned Us The Occupy Wall Street Movement Would Morph Into An Orchestrated Race War [VIDEO]," No One Listened We had many chances to expose this freak show when it started, but Americans allowed the Left to bully us into submission for fear of being labeled a  racist It s important to understand this  movement  comprised of domestic terrorists and their motives. Please read this story to the end.Here is Andrew Breitbart s warning to Americans just before he died:Why is Breitbart News so on top of the Black Lives Matter movement?Easy. We saw it coming.Not everyone liked what we saw either. In August 2012, the magazine American Conservative did an article on the film Occupy Unmasked. That film was directed by Breitbart News Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon and featured people like Andrew Breitbart, Brandon Darby, and myself exposing the Occupy Wall Street movement for what it was   a socialist, Obama-inspired activist movement. We pointed out that Occupy was the latest incarnation of the far-left, anti-American protest movements that dates back to the 1960s  Students for a Democratic Society and Black Panthers. We also said that the next step in the evolution of Occupy Wall Street would be race-based.Breitbart News has given #BlackLivesMatter more detailed, deep, and honest coverage than any other media outlet on the planet in 2015, and for good reason. From covering every major protest they did to exposing the cop killer that the group worships to revealing the secret funder behind the movement to Milo Yiannopoulos s complete shredding of activist Shaun King, Breitbart News has been the go-to source for original reporting on Black Lives Matter.American Conservative took the film to task for using the term  race war  to describe what we saw as the next phase of the Occupy movement. Remember, Occupy Unmasked came out about a year before three self-described queer black women started Black Lives Matter in July 2013. In 2012, Anita MonCrief was mocked by American Conservative when she defended her use of the term  race war  in Occupy Unmasked by saying:But seriously, that s why you have Barack Obama out there saying if he had a son, he would look like Trayvon Martin.   they want black people running around in hoodies protesting in the streets. That s what he s looking for.   He wants us divided, and he wants us to fight in the streets, so they can basically keep us down.MonCrief said this two years before the hoodie-wearing thugs burned down Ferguson, before they looted and set fire to Baltimore, before they shut down Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% at NetRoots nation, and before they shut down Chicago s  Magnificent Mile  on the busiest shopping day of the year.Anita Moncrief is an amazing patriot who doesn t get enough credit for exposing the truth about the Left. Watch her shocking testimony of how she became a conservative warrior here:The assertion that Occupy Wall Street would morph into Black Lives Matter wasn t a lucky guess. MonCrief, Darby, and I are all former leftists with professional organizational experience. Anita was a whistleblower who worked for ACORN, Darby was a cofounder of Common Ground in New Orleans, and I did work for MoveOn.org and Brave New Films. Because we understand the tactics and the players, it was clear to us that the Occupy movement and its focus on class had failed to resonate with a large enough segment of the American people. We knew that the logical next step was to head back to the 1960s  playbook of trying to tear down America by creating as deep a racial rift as possible.With Barack Obama in the White House and Eric Holder running the Department of Justice, the stage was set for the next iteration of the Occupy Wall Street movement. Black Lives Matter was the new Occupy.We also saw that community organizers were working on developing a new movement based on young black people in the wake of George Zimmerman s not guilty verdict in the Trayvon Martin shooting case. As I wrote at Breitbart News in July 2013, the takeover of the Florida statehouse by the group Dream Defenders was a  magnet for young people. The long-term goal is straightforward and explicit: the 2014 vote. Once in the Capitol, the Dream Defenders are giving the enthusiastic participants organizer training, right in the governor s office. With two generations of educators, media, and legal experts all schooled in New Left political correctness by America s leading universities, the Black Lives Matter movement has been essentially immune to criticism. The result has left universities, businesses, and police departments defenseless   intellectually and physically   against Black Lives Matter.There s been a practical cost as well. We ve seen businesses burned to the ground in Ferguson and Baltimore. We ve seen other businesses shut down at the Mall of America and on Chicago s  Magnificent Mile.  We ve seen the murder rate spike in cities across the country as a result of the  Ferguson Effect  that has caused police officers to pull back from enforcing the law in the face of unrelenting hostility and scrutiny.We ve seen universities from coast-to-coast bullied into staff firings and policy changes that were meant to only aid black students. These college uprisings have been accompanied by a fierce hatred of free speech; and when combined with the bold aggressiveness of multicultural and feminist Social Justice Warriors, they ve created an educational environment that is openly hostile to white students and faculty.With the next presidential election only 11 months away, conservatives and Republicans would be making a huge mistake to ignore the Black Lives Matter movement.At the close of 2015, the pot is getting ready to boil over. The decision not to prosecute Cleveland police officers in the shooting death of 12-year-old Tamir Rice, the ongoing anger in Minneapolis over the death of Jamar Clark, and two recent Chicago police shootings all create an atmosphere where even angier protests are in the works.Already, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel and his Democrat machine regard Black Lives Matter activists as an existential threat.The engine that drives the anger is the mainstream media, which has done nothing to seriously vet the Black Lives Matter movement. Much of the anger is caused by the inaccurate reporting that consistently vilifies the police and leaves out key details about the shooting victims. This has led to fables such as  Hands Up, Don t Shoot,  which have continued to be amplified and repeated by Black Lives Matter protesters long after they have been debunked.In fact, one of the key characteristics of the Black Lives Matter movement and the mainstream media s reporting on it is a naked antipathy for facts. Both in real life and on social media like Twitter, leading Black Lives Matter activists are known for shutting down the speech of dissenting opinions and literally blocking anyone who disagrees with them.The result has been a hermetically sealed activist movement that is angry and ignorant, with a hairtrigger temper and a long list of grievances that have no factual basis. Worse, their set of crazed demands have been granted time and again by officials who are too scared to speak out for fear of being branded racists.Like spoiled children, none of this appeasement has done anything to quell the protesters  fury. Every time that politicians or university administrators have given into the outrageous, entitled Black Lives Matter mob, they ve learned that feeding that monster has only given it more power to make more demands.In the face of all this feckless kowtowing, no wonder the blunt and in-your-face style of billionaire Donald Trump has hit home for so many Americans. Trump   like Ronald Reagan in the 1960s   seems to be one of the few people in public life willing to tell Black Lives Matter protesters to sit down, shut up, and stop taking the loser road of self-victimization.This is one of the reasons that Donald Trump, more than any other political candidate on the scene right now, has incurred so much of the wrath and anger of Black Lives Matter. They are keenly aware that he simply will not play their game. The other current frontrunner for the Republican nomination is Texas Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)97% , who has already demonstrated that he is no cupcake either. Should either Cruz or Trump be the nominee, expect Black Lives Matter s army to take to the streets and try to shut them down at every opportunity.For that reason, the current political season is set to be even more divisive than either of the last two election cycles, which had already set a very high bar for vitriol.As the newest incarnation of the activist Left, Black Lives Matter will not back down or rest until it is either stopped by somone gutsy enough to call them out or until it gets what it wants: a bloody revolution leading to a socialist/anarchist America.The one thing the left has not counted on, however, is a dogged, active conservative media culture that can bring real information straight to the American people without being filtered by Black Lives Matter s journalism school comrades. We re not about to let Black Lives Matter or any leftist revolutionary movement destroy America without making sure they re fully revealed for what they are. Via: Breitbart News",0
21171,"Serial Plagiarist Does Victory Dance Over White People Dying, Trump Can’t Save You!","White people the only lives that DON T matter. Imagine the outrage if he were taking a victory lap over a study showing Muslims dying in increasing numbers Citing a study that shows Middle American whites are dying in increasing numbers, like a twisted and bitter eugenicist, serial-plagiarist Fareed Zakaria doesn t even attempt to contain his glee. By painting those who are supposedly dying as useless, drug-addicted ragers, he paints a picture of a weak, angry, and ultimately stupid ethnic group getting what it deserves.If this were any other group, Zakaria would not be using the pages of the Washington Post for a victory dance. Instead, he would be launching an emotional blackmail campaign to cure this  epidemic  with hundreds of billions of federal dollars. Like most of the elite media, though, Zakaria despises Middle America, so he joyously assumes the study is accurate and bloodlessly screams  Told You So! The headline says it all:  America s Self-Destructive Whites,  and naturally the opening paragraph contains the words  Donald  and  Trump. Why is Middle America killing itself? The fact itself is probably the most important social science finding in years. It is already reshaping American politics. The Post s Jeff Guo notes that the people who make up this cohort are  largely responsible for Donald Trump s lead in the race for the Republican nomination for president. What does this  epidemic  mean to Zakaria?That it s time for compassion?Time for government action?Time for understanding?No. It means  more rage  from creepy Middle America:The key question is why, and exploring it provides answers that suggest that the rage dominating U.S. politics will only get worse.Zakaria hints that the study s numbers are a tad shaky, but that doesn t stop him from doing a happy dance around the fact that Middle America s Got It Coming .The main causes of death are as striking as the fact itself: suicide, alcoholism, and overdoses of prescription and illegal drugs.  People seem to be killing themselves, slowly or quickly,  Deaton told me. These circumstances are usually caused by stress, depression and despair.Middle America s a Bunch of Wussies .A conventional explanation for this middle-class stress and anxiety is that globalization and technological change have placed increasing pressures on the average worker in industrialized nations. But the trend is absent in any other Western country   it s an exclusively American phenomenon. And the United States is actually relatively insulated from the pressures of globalization, having a vast, self-contained internal market.Stupid Middle America Should Stop Voting Against the Welfare State Deaton speculated to me that perhaps Europe s more generous welfare state might ease some of the fears associated with the rapid change.Middle America s Spoiled By White Privilege [O]ther groups might not expect that their income, standard of living and social status are destined to steadily improve. They don t have the same confidence that if they work hard, they will surely get ahead. In fact, Rouse said that after hundreds of years of slavery, segregation and racism, blacks have developed ways to cope with disappointment and the unfairness of life[.]They do not assume that the system is set up for them. They try hard and hope to succeed, but they do not expect it as the norm.Donald Trump Can t Save You!Mwuh, huh, huh, huh Donald Trump has promised that he will change this and make them win again. But he can t. No one can. And deep down, they know it. Via: Breitbart News",0
21172,#BlackLivesMatter Terrorists Disrupt Chicago Diners In Lame Attempt To Gain Sympathy,We re thinking it s having the opposite effect. Maybe it s time for a food fight  The Black Lives Matter terrorist began harassing unsuspecting patrons this morning at Dove s Diner on Wicker Road in Chicago.https://twitter.com/ZachStafford/status/682994134395793410h/t Gateway Pundit,0
21173,"THE NEW SWEDEN: Rapes, Riots, Severed Heads, Freeloading Foreigners And Shocking Acquittals","The consequences of throwing out the welcome mat for people who have no intention of obeying your rules or living in a world with morals or values  Some 30 Muslim men thought that the woman was in violation of Islamic sharia law, by being in Sweden unaccompanied by a man. They thought that she should therefore be raped and her teenage son killed.  Two Swedish citizens were convicted by a Gothenburg Court of joining an Islamist terror group in Syria and murdering two captives. Video evidence showed one victim being beheaded.  Every night when I have gone to bed, I have seen a head hanging in the air.    Court Chairman Ralf G. Larsson.  Sometime during the night, the victim was awakened by the Iraqi as he raped her. The woman managed to break free and locate a train attendant. At first, the woman did not want to call the police.  She felt sorry for him [the rapist]   and was afraid he would be deported back to Iraq. One week after Sweden raised its terror alert level to the highest ever, the police raised another alarm   saying their weapons are simply not good enough to prevent a potential terror attack.November 4: The Swedish Immigration Service sent out a press release, saying that it had hired close to a thousand additional employees since June. The Immigration Service now has over 7,000 employees, including hourly workers and consultants   double the 3,350 employees who worked there in 2012. Most of the new recruits work with the legal processing of asylum applications, but the units dealing with receiving migrants and filing their initial applications have also expanded considerably. As if the record influx of migrants this autumn were not crushing enough, the Immigration Service also had trouble retaining its staff. Employees complain about being badly treated: they are always expected to be on call, and possibly even work Christmas Eve.November 4: Bobel Barqasho, a 31-year-old Syrian, was sentenced by Sweden s Supreme Court to 14 years in prison. Before his case reached the Supreme Court, Barqasho had been sentenced by a lower court to 9 years in prison, then acquitted by the Court of Appeals. In February 2013, Barqasho threw his wife off a sixth-floor balcony. Against all odds, the woman survived the 13-meter (about 43 feet) fall, but was badly injured. When she woke up after five weeks in a coma, her head was held together by a helmet, her face felt loose, and her teeth were gone. In the Court of Appeals, the defense managed to plant reasonable doubt about the man s guilt by claiming the woman was depressed and had jumped of her own free will] so the Court of Appeals set him free. By the time the Supreme Court pronounced its sentence of 14 years, Barqasho had disappeared. He is now being sought by Interpol.November 6: The Gr nkulla School in Alvesta closed after reports of a rape at the facility spread on social media. A Somali boy had apparently been sexually harassing a 12-year-old girl for some time. On October 17, he allegedly took his attentions a step farther, pulled the girl behind a bush and raped her. The girl s father had been unsuccessful in trying to get the school to address the problem earlier, but even after the reported rape, the school s management did not act. The boy was allowed to continue going to the school   just on a schedule different from the girl s. Her distraught parents told the news website Fria Tider:  We are being spat on because we are Swedish.  In protest against the school s management, many parents, viewing the school as having sided with the perpetrator, moved their children to other schools.November 9: Social commentator and whistleblower Merit Wager revealed on her blog that administrators at the Immigration Service had all been ordered to  accept the claim that an applicant is a child, if he does not look as if he is over 40.  A staggering 32,180  unaccompanied refugee children  had arrived during 2015 by December 1   since then another 1,130 have come   and the government finally decided to take action.If its proposition is approved by Parliament, everyone who looks adult-aged will be forced to go through a medical age-determination procedure. One of the reasons Sweden stopped doing these in the first place, was that pediatricians refused to take part in them. They said the procedures were  unreliable. November 10: A 28-year-old Iraqi man was prosecuted for raping a woman on a night train between Finland and Sweden. The man had originally planned to seek asylum in Finland, but had found the living conditions there too harsh. He had therefore taken a train back to Sweden. In a couchette (sleeping car where men and women are together), the rapist and two other asylum seekers met one of the many Swedish women whose hearts go out to  new arrivals.  The woman bought sandwiches for the men; they drank vodka. When two of the men started groping the woman, she told them to stop, yet chose to lie down and go to sleep. Sometime during the night, she was awakened by the Iraqi as he raped her. The woman managed to break free and locate a train attendant. To the attendant s surprise, the woman did not immediately want to press charges. The court documents state:  The train attendant asked if he should call the police. At first, the woman did not want him to do so, because she did not want to put N.N., an asylum seeker, in a tough spot. She felt sorry for him  and was afraid he would be deported back to Iraq. The man was given a sentence of one year in prison, payment of 85,000 kronor (about $10,000) in damages, and deportation   but will be allowed to come back to Sweden after five years.November 10: An Algerian and a Syrian asylum seeker were indicted for raping a Swedish woman in Str ngn s. The men, 39-year-old from Algeria and 31-year-old from Syria, met the woman in a bar one night in August. When the woman left, one of the men followed her, pulled her to the ground, and assaulted her. Afterwards, the woman kept walking, and ran into two other men   the Syrian and another unidentified man   and was raped again. The Syrian reportedly also spit her in face and said,  I m going to f k you, little Swedish girl.  The men, who lived at the same asylum house, denied knowing each other when questioned by the police.The verdict was announced on December 1. Rapist number one was sentenced to 2.5 years in prison, 117,000 kronor (about $14,000) in damages, and deportation to Algeria. Rapist number two was convicted of aggravated rape and sentenced to four years in prison. He cannot be deported, however, because  there are currently hindrances towards enforcing deportations to Syria.  He was also ordered to pay the woman 167,000 kronor (about $20,000) in damages.November 13: A trial began against eight Eritrean men, between the ages of 19 and 26, who according to the District Court,  crudely and ruthlessly  gang-raped a 45-year-old woman. She had been waiting in a stairwell for a friend when the men invited her into an apartment. Inside, she was thrown on the floor, held down, beaten and brutally raped. When questioned by the police, she said,  It felt as if there were hands and fingers everyplace. Fingers penetrated me, vaginally, anally. It hurt very much. I could feel the fingernails.  She said she could also hear the Eritreans laughing and speaking in their own language while they raped her.  They seemed to be enjoying themselves,  she said.When two of the men started fighting over who should rape her next, she tried to flee, but one of the men hit her over the head; she fell unconscious. After coming to, she escaped out a window and was able to reach a neighbor.The District Court of Falun established that several men had taken part in the attack, but the District Attorney was unable to prove who had done what. Therefore, only one man was convicted of aggravated rape, and sentenced to five years in prison. The others were sentenced to only 10 months in prison for helping to conceal a serious criminal offense. After serving their time, the men will be allowed to stay in Sweden.November 14: The Swedish Security Service, S po, warned again of Muslim terrorists hiding among migrants. The number of individuals listed as potential security threats has tripled this year, and includes several hundred who may be ready to carry out  Paris-style  attacks.As the Immigration Service has a huge backlog in trying to register all 150,000 asylum seekers who have come to Sweden so far in 2015, there are probably also many migrants that would be considered potential security threats.November 14: Sweden s Foreign Minister, Margot Wallstr m, made yet another strange statement with diplomatic consequences. The day after the Paris attacks, in an interview with Swedish Public Television, Wallstr m was asked,  How worried are you about the radicalization of young people in Sweden who choose to fight for ISIS?  Wallstr m replied: Yes, of course we have a reason to be worried not only here in Sweden but around the world, because there are so many who are being radicalized. Here again, you come back to situations like that in the Middle East, where not least the Palestinians see that there isn t any future for us [the Palestinians], we either have to accept a desperate situation or resort to violence. Two days later, the Swedish ambassador to Israel, Carl Magnus Nesser, was called to a meeting at the Israeli Foreign Ministry. Its spokesman, Emmanuel Nahshon, later told Reuters,  The Swedish Foreign Minister s statements are appallingly impudent  [She] demonstrates genuine hostility when she points to a connection of any kind between the terror attacks in Paris and the complex situation between Israel and the Palestinians. In a formal statement, the Swedish Foreign Ministry denied that Margot Wallstr m s remark had connected the Paris attacks with the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A Swedish Conservative (Moderaterna) Member of Parliament, Hanif Bali, sarcastically tweeted that it seemed the Foreign Minister is suffering from an  obvious case of Israel-Tourette s. November 18: The Authority for Civil Protection and Contingency Planning (MSB) warned that the asylum situation was not only  very strained,  but that things keep getting worse   and that in some parts of Sweden, the authorities can only function until the end of December. Meanwhile, the Immigration Service calculated that another 13,000 beds are needed in so-called evacuation accommodations.  The problem cannot be fully solved even if the Armed Forces help provide more housing or if the MSB could arrange more tent accommodations,  the authority wrote.The massive influx of asylum seekers has also led to native Swedes  being crowded out of the health care and social services systems,  according to the MSB.  It [the MSB] is so busy handling unaccompanied children and asylum seekers, that there simply is not enough time to tend to the everyday functions, such as healthcare and social services,  said Alexandra Nordlander, Chief of Operative Analysis at the MSB, to the daily tabloid, Aftonbladet.November 19: A fire broke out at Lundsbrunn Spa, a few weeks after plans were announced to convert the historic building into the biggest asylum-seekers  home in Sweden. According to the police, the fire was not an arson, but started in a wood-pellet stove.Many hotels and spas have transforming themselves into asylum-seekers  housing, in order to profit from lucrative deals offered by the Immigration Service. Lundsbrunn Spa, near a mineral spring, dates back to 1890; in 1817, a hospital was established on the grounds. The nearby village is home to fewer than 1,000 people, so when Lundsbrunn Spa decided to accept an offer from the Immigration Service, the village faced a doubling of its population. The owners of Lundsbrunn wrote on the Spa s website that they see the transformation from spa to asylum-seekers  home as a temporary measure.November 20: Norwegian businessman Petter Stordalen, the billionaire owner of Nordic Choice Hotels, announced that the chain s many properties in Scandinavia and the Baltic states would no longer serve their guests sausage and bacon for breakfast. The breakfast buffet of the Nordic Choice s Clarion Hotel Post in Gothenburg was named earlier this year the best hotel breakfast in the world by the British newspaper, The Mirror. But apparently, this award did not matter.The cause for the hotel s decision was cited as  health reasons.  The internet, however, was soon abuzz with speculation that the real reason was adaptation to Islamic dietary laws (halal). One week later, Stordalen backtracked. The reaction from hotel guests had been too strong. Many people vented their anger over the withheld bacon on Stordalen s Facebook page. Stordalen commented:  The guests have spoken. Comfort Hotels are bringing back bacon. November 23: Hassan Mostafa Al-Mandlawi, 32, and Al Amin Sultan, 30, were indicted in the Gothenburg Municipal Court, suspected of having traveled to Syria in 2013 and murdering at least two people there. The charge was terrorist crimes, (alternatively crimes against international law) and murder. Chief Prosecutor Agnetha Hilding Qvarnstr m, of the National Unit for Security Cases, said:  The act [was] committed with the intent to harm the state of Syria and intimidate the people, thus the classification: terrorist crimes. The hard part is to clarify fully whether these men have been part of an armed group, and acted within the frames of the armed conflict, or not. The accused men came to Sweden, one from Iraq and one from Syria, as children, but grew up in Sweden and are Swedish citizens. They traveled to Syria in 2013, and joined one of the many Islamist terror groups there. According to the prosecution, they murdered two captured workers in an industrial area of Aleppo by slitting their throats. The prosecutor wrote that,  Al-Mandlawi and Sultan have both expressed delight at the deeds. During the trial, films of the executions were shown, but both men still denied having committed the crimes. Those present in court agreed that the films were among the most disturbing ever displayed in a Swedish court. First, they show a man having his throat slit, the blood gushing before he dies. Then, the other victim s head is severed from his body, and the killer holds up the severed head to loud cheers from the others. The court s chairman, Ralf G. Larsson, told the news agency, TT:  Every night when I have gone to bed, I have seen a head hanging in the air. The verdict was announced December 14: Both men were convicted of terrorist crimes and sentenced to life in prison. The verdict will be appealed, the defense lawyers said.Via: Gatestone Institute",0
21174,"2 KILLED, 15 WOUNDED IN CHICAGO SHOOTINGS New Years Day, While #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists Take Fight To Evil Cops","Killing each other is okay, it s when a cop kills in the line of duty. That s where the Black Lives Matter protesters draw the line Two men were killed and at least 15 others were wounded in Chicago shootings on New Year s Day.The first shooting of 2016 left one person injured early New Year s Day in the South Chicago neighborhood.The 34-year-old woman was inside a residence at 12:05 a.m. Friday in the 8000 block of South Paxton when a bullet came through the window and grazed her hand, police said. She was taken to Advocate Trinity Hospital in good condition police said. They shot this thing around. It came through my house, it injured my sister. And this is ridiculous,  says Bianca Fisher.  It doesn t make any sense. Neighbors say it s frightening. I understand it was a minor incident, so I m grateful for that, but we don t want any shootings at all. It s a New Year s custom that should be done away with,  a neighbor said.A little over two hours after the first shooting came the first murder. Police say the victim is 24-year-old Deandre Holiday, gang member who had been arguing with another man inside a bar when it spilled out into the street. The other man pulled a gun and shot him in the chest, then fled, police said.The most recent nonfatal shooting left a man critically wounded at 6:40 a.m. in the South Side Back of the Yards neighborhood.A man, thought to be in his 30s, was shot in the chest in the 1900 block of West Garfield, police said. He traveled to 55th Street and Artesian before he was taken to Stroger Hospital in critical condition. 20 minutes earlier, another man was shot in the same neighborhood, according to police.The 29-year-old man was shot in the shoulder at 6:20 a.m. in the 5400 block of South Winchester, police said. He was also taken to Stroger, but his condition was not immediately known.About two hours earlier, a man was shot in the West Garfield Park neighborhood.The 26-year-old man was shot in the leg at 4:30 a.m. in the 600 block of South Kostner Avenue, police said. He took himself to Rush University Medical Center, where he was listed in good condition. About two hours earlier, three men were shot in the Greater Grand Crossing neighborhood on the South Side.The men   ages 26, 20, and 22,   were standing near a gas station just before 3 a.m. in the 7500 block of South State when someone approached them and opened fire, police said.The 26-year-old was shot in the leg; the 20-year-old was shot in the back, and the 22-year-old was shot in the arm, police said. They took themselves to St. Bernard Hospital, where their conditions were stabilized.Less than an hour earlier, two men were shot in the Washington Heights neighborhood on the Far South Side.The two 24-year-old men were shot about 2 a.m. in the 9800 block of South Beverly, police said. One man was shot in the right hand and the other was shot in the back, police said. Both were taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn.At 12:49 a.m., man was critically wounded in a shooting in the South Side Burnside neighborhood.A 38-year-old man was having an argument with someone he knew at a party at 12:49 a.m. in the 9200 block of South Drexel Avenue when that person pulled out a gun and shot him in the chest and back, police said. He was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn in critical condition.Two hours before, a man was wounded in a shooting in the West Englewood neighborhood on the South Side.At 10:15 p.m., the 18-year-old man was shot in the right hand while standing on the corner in the 7000 block of South Laflin Street, police said. He took himself to Holy Cross Hospital in good condition, police said.A 30-year-old man was shot Thursday night in the Washington Park neighborhood on the South Side.He was shot in the left leg in the 6200 block of South Martin Luther King Drive at 8:15 p.m., police said. He took himself to University of Chicago Medical Center, but his condition was not immediately available.A man was shot Thursday evening in the Englewood neighborhood on the South Side.At 4:48 p.m., the 28-year-old man pulled into a drive way in the 7200 block of South Aberdeen Street when he heard shots and felt pain, police said. He was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn with a gunshot wound to the leg, where his condition was stabilized.The first shooting of the holiday weekend happened just after 3 p.m. Thursday in the Austin Neighborhood on the West Side.A 24-year-old man and a 26-year-old woman were arguing with a third person in the 1000 block of North Lorel when the person pulled out a gun and fired shots, police said.The two victims took themselves to West Suburban Medical Center in Oak Park, police said. The man was shot in the leg and his condition was stabilized at West Suburban. The woman was shot in the abdomen and transferred to Stroger Hospital in serious condition.Police said the shooting may have happened during an attempted robbery. The man is a documented gang member.2015 CRIME STATS RELEASEDHours before the city s first reported murder, the Chicago Police Department released new crime numbers for 2015. The statistics show there were more than 50 more homicides last year than in 2014. Via: ABC7",0
21175,DISGRACEFUL: US Air Force Can No Longer Afford 21-Gun Salute At Vet Funerals…Plenty Of Funds For Muslim Immigrants,"We can t afford to give our US Veterans a proper funeral, but we ve got money to burn when it comes to bringing Muslim refugees to the US from countries who hate us. On average, each Middle Eastern refugee resettled in the United States costs an estimated $64,370 in the first five years, or $257,481 per household. When a veteran or member of the armed forces dies, he or she is entitled to a ceremony that includes the presentation of a U.S. flag to a family member and a bugler blowing Taps. Most of the time, there is a three-volley rifle salute if requested by family members. But now, if the deceased served in the Air Force, the three-volley salute is not an option because the Air Force can no longer support riflemen for funeral services for veteran retirees.Seven member services for retirees included six members to serve as pall-bearers, a six member flag-folding detail, and a three riflemen to fire the salute. Veteran s funerals now only receive the services of two-member teams, who provide a flag-folding ceremony, the playing of taps, and the presentation of the flag to the next of kin. To me, without the 21-gun salute, it just does not make it complete a proper military burial,  veteran Wayne Wakeman told Honolulu s KHON 2 News.  I think because of sequestration or the lack of funds or whatever excuse they re giving, that they had to hit the veterans. Wakeman is correct in supposing the cut is due to sequestration, the 2013 automatic federal spending cuts required by the Budget Control Act of 2011.Rose Richeson, from the Secretary of the Air Force s Public Affairs Press Desk, told We Are The Mighty the policy of restricting the funeral honor is an Air Force-wide requirement. The requirement is consistent with DoD policy which require a minimum of two personnel,  Richeson said.  Any number of personnel above two that is provided in support of military funeral honors is based on local resources available.  Via: FOX News",0
21176,HOUSE DEMOCRATS MAKE STUNNING Move To Implement Sharia Law In America,"While US citizens are outraged over the removal of Christ from pretty much every aspect of our lives, including Christmas, Democrat members of Congress are working fast and furiously to implement America s first Sharia Law...If they get their way  They will be stripping us of our basic rights, and we need to be prepared for their TERRIFYING hope and get Americans aware of what is happening!On December 17, Democrat Congressmen quietly sponsored House Resolution 569, a resolution that asks lawmakers to condemn  violence, bigotry, and hateful rhetoric towards Muslims in the United States.  The resolution specifically mentions Muslims, no other religious groups, and will serve as a test by which further criminalizing of  Islamophobia  may be introduced.Democrats have shamelessly lumped together  hate speech  with  violence  in an effort to compare criticism of Islam to physically harming Muslims. H. Res. 569 threatens to restrict our right to even report facts that tarnish Islam s reputation, a law that all Sharia-governed countries already have in place.According to Congress.gov, the resolution reads: Now, therefore, be it resolved, that the House of Representatives denounces in the strongest terms the increase of hate speech, intimidation, violence, vandalism, arson, and other hate crimes targeted against mosques, Muslims, or those perceived to be Muslim; urges local and Federal law enforcement authorities to work to prevent hate crimes; and to prosecute to the fullest extent of the law those perpetrators of hate crimes Muslims are slaughtering innocent people more than any other religious groups combined, all while refusing as a whole to condemn this barbaric Islamic terrorism, yet we are working to ensure these silent, consenting  moderates  have special protection   protection that they have never allowed religious minorities in their own countries.In another passage, Democrats laughably purport that Muslims have contributed to the fabric of American society, but we re assuming they don t mean terrorist attacks on U.S. soil, countless frivolous CAIR lawsuits, whitewashed Islamic education in public schools, or whining about pork products and a lack of taxpayer-funded prayer rooms. Whereas this Muslim community is recognized as having made innumerable contributions to the cultural and economic fabric and well-being of United States society  Still, the bill is purposefully vague in that it mentions prosecuting the perpetrators of  hate speech,  yet gives no definition for what it considers hate speech. Of course, we who have spoken out about the intolerant fundamentals of Islam understand that this means uttering anything critical of Islam or its followers, regardless of facts or relevance to the Quran.In conclusion, the bill ridiculously compares criticizing Islam as a violation of Muslims   civil rights,  as if disagreeing or even openly mocking someone s beliefs is unconstitutional. Our forefathers had exactly political and religious mockery in mind when they penned our amendments, having experience the violation of limited speech and worship by their own King George III.Indeed, free speech was never intended to defend inoffensive speech, because inoffensive speech needs no protection. Freedom of speech is solely for the offensive, meant to prevent those who would limit it because of their opposing beliefs. Via: RWN",0
21177,"IS A REVOLUTION COMING? Former Congressman Throws Down Gauntlet On Obama’s Executive Gun Grab: “It’s War, Defy His Executive Actions”","Spoken like a true American Former Congressman Joe Walsh tweeted on Thursday,  On Monday, Obama, on his own, to go after guns. It s war. Defy his executive actions. Time for Civil disobedience. Walsh, who is now a radio host on AM 560 The Answer in Chicago linked to a CNN article that announced that President Obama is expected to take new executive action on guns in order to expand background checks on firearm sales.On Monday, Obama, on his own, to go after guns. It's war. Defy his executive actions. Time for Civil disobedience. https://t.co/DasTdwv9EQ  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) December 31, 2015The Obama administration s  imminent  announcement comes ahead of the January 12th State of the Union address. Obama s executive actions would further his unilateral steps of gun control.Via: Daily Callerh/t Weasel Zippers",0
21178,EVERY U.S. CITIZEN TAKEN HOSTAGE IN IRAN To Be Awarded Millions…With A Catch…Iran’s Not Paying…YOU Are!,"Just another slap in the face to US citizens. Our government arranges massive payments to hostages taken by the terrorist nation of Iran, as they walk away unscathed .A fund of over $1 billion has been created for the U.S. embassy personnel taken hostage by Iran after the 1979 Islamic Revolution, but it is the U.S. taxpayer, not Iran, who will be paying for it.The new fund, known as the  United States Victims of State Sponsors of Terrorism Fund,  was an addition to the omnibus bill put forward by Congress and signed into law by President Barack Obama Dec. 28. As much as $4.4 million could go to each of the 52 Americans held by Iran, with another $600,000 going to each spouse and child of the victims. The provision authorizes $1.025 billion from the Department of the Treasury to be used to pay for the new fund. Additionally, the legislation includes a 25 percent cap on any attorney s fees, which could lead to as much as $250 million total going to lawyers of the various victims involved.The victims were taken hostage during Iran s Islamic Revolution led by former Supreme Leader Ayatollah Khomeini. Hundreds of student protesters stormed the U.S. embassy in Tehran taking 52 U.S. personnel hostage for 444 days. Several months after the takeover, former President Jimmy Carter authorized Operation Eagle Claw, a rescue attempt by U.S. special operations forces which would later fail. The hostages would eventually be released after a lengthy negotiation process the day of President Ronald Reagan s inauguration in January, 1981. Victims of the embassy attack have been seeking compensation for their captivity for some time, but have been prevented from taking legal action against Iran. The 1981 Algiers Accords, the agreement which secured the release of the hostages, had a provision barring the victims from suing the Iranian government.  Iran is not paying the money, but it s as close as you can get,  says Thomas Lankford, an attorney for one of the victims, speaking to The Washington Post. Lankford refers to a clause in the new law which mandates that any money collected from the BNP Paribas scandal will be used for the new fund and the various 9/11 victim funds. The U.S. levied a fine of $9 billion on the French bank in June 2014 for its evasion of sanctions against countries like Iran, Cuba and North Korea.The staggering amount of compensation being paid to the victims is remarkably higher than the $262,000 suggested by the George W. Bush administration in 2003.  Some may be surprised that a fiscally conservative Republican-controlled Congress would authorize payments of more than $250 million from the U.S. Treasury to private attorneys, even on behalf of victims of terrorism deserving compensation,  writes attorney John Bellinger in the Lawfare blog. Via: Daily Caller ",0
21179,"FBI POSTS $5,000 REWARD For Person Who Committed “Hate Crime” With Bacon? [VIDEO]","Americans were warned by Attorney General, Loretta Lynch to not offend Muslims or they would pay a heavy price. Did anyone think she, or her boss were kidding? Barack Obama offends Christian Americans on a regular basis when will the FBI place a bounty on his head? The FBI is offering a $5,000 reward for information that helps them find the person who put raw bacon on the door handles of a Las Vegas mosque.The FBI said in a statement Wednesday that agents are trying to find the man seen in a surveillance video putting the meat on the entrances of the Masjid-e-Tawheed mosque. Authorities call it a desecration of the Islamic worship center.The Quran, the holy book of Islam, prohibits Muslims from eating pork, and pigs have been used to taunt or offend Muslims.Both the FBI and Las Vegas police say they re investigating the case as a possible hate crime.Las Vegas police spokesman Larry Hadfield said the bacon was wrapped on the door knobs, and was also found on the ground and fences.Officials at the mosque couldn t immediately be reached for comment.The FBI said the incident happened about 3:15 a.m. Dec. 27. The culprit is described as a white man wearing a dark blue hat, jacket and black-framed glasses. He had black or dark brown hair with long, thin sideburns.The site west of the Las Vegas Strip wasn t damaged, and no one was hurt. The mosque was empty at the time, and the case was reported by members who came to worship later that morning.Several threatening incidents at mosques have been reported in recent weeks. A Molotov cocktail went off at an Islamic center in Tracy, California, days ago, and a severed pig s head was found outside a Philadelphia worship site earlier this month. Via: APThe vandalism, which is being called a hate crime, has left the Las Vegas Muslim community on edge, according to KSNV. ",0
21180,HOLLYWEIRD LIB SUSAN SARANDON Compares Muslim Refugees To Jesus’ Family,"There are two small problems with your analogy Susan  Jesus was NOT a Muslim and Joseph traveled to Bethlehem with Mary. For anyone who s not paying attention there don t appear to be many female refugees accompanying male Muslim  refugees  to Greece.Susan Sarandon spent the Christmas holiday on the Greek island of Lesbos assisting international organizations with the mounting Syrian refugee crisis   a crisis, she says, that recalls the travails of Joseph and Mary on their way to the Inn in Bethlehem.In a column for the Huffington Post and RYOT, the 69-year-old Oscar-winning actress described meeting a 16-year-old girl who had apparently given birth shortly before arriving on the island. I smile and approach her, but without a translator, our conversation is basic-friendly,  Sarandon wrote of her experience.  She takes the bundle next to her and opens it to me. Inside is a perfect, rosy, newborn. The actress continues:She is beaming, so proud. How did this young girl, just having given birth, manage that trip at sea? How did she do all that walking? Where did she give birth?Wasn t Mary just a kid too when she and Joseph took to the road? So far, there is no manger for this Syrian baby, no room at the inn.Sarandon s short column is part of a new collaborative series with the Huffington Post and the  virtual reality  network RYOT called The Crossing, which will see the actress host a series of reports  chronicling the refugee crisis as it unfolds in Greece. The actress also criticized the political discourse surrounding the refugee crisis in the United States:  It seemed like people who had the loudest voices were the most xenophobic and un-American,  she said.Sarandon isn t the only actor to have visited the Greek island to assist international aid efforts for refugees; Homeland star Mandy Patinkin recently spent time there assisting the International Rescue Committee after wrapping production on the fifth season of the hit Showtime drama. Via: Breitbart News",0
21181,BREAKING: New CA Law Will Allow Cops To Confiscate Legally Owned Guns,"The drip drip drip of communism in the leftist state of California A new California law scheduled to take effect Friday will allow the police to seize private, legally-owned weapons for up to three weeks without charges or allowing the citizen to contest the seizure.AB1014 was passed last year in the wake of 2014 s Isla Vista shooting, where teenager Elliot Rodger went on a rampage near the campus of the University of California, Santa Barbara, killing six people along with himself.Rodger s parents had reported him to the police prior to the shooting, concerned about his mental health and rants he posted online. But after meeting with Rodger, police decided he wasn t a criminal risk, and consequently didn t search his apartment, where he was stockpiling weapons and ammunition.The new law is intended to stop such a situation from re-occurring. Under the law, a judge has the power to grant a restraining order telling police to seize a person s guns, based solely on accounts from family members or police that the person is poses an imminent danger to others. The restraining order can be granted without the affected person knowing it exists or being allowed time to contest it.Under the law, the factors a judge can consider in granting the restraining order include not only threats of violence, but also prior felony arrests (even without a conviction), evidence of alcohol abuse, and even the simple act of recently purchasing a gun or ammunition.Once granted, police can use the restraining order to confiscate all of a person s guns and ammunition, and the person is also barred from buying or possessing guns and ammo for the duration of the order. A full court hearing must then be heard within three weeks. At that hearing, a judge will be able to extend the restraining order for an entire year. The law gives us a vehicle to cause the person to surrender their weapons, to have a time out, if you will,  Los Angeles Police Department Assistant Chief Michael Moore told Southern California Public Radio.  It allows further examination of the person s mental state. The law expands on California gun laws that are already some of the country s toughest. Police already have the power to seize a person s guns if a licensed therapist informs them that the person s mental state makes them a danger to themselves or others. Via: Daily Caller ",0
21182,U.S. MOSQUE LINKED TO TERRORIST GROUP Received $2.7 MILLION In Federal Funding,"It s interesting to note the terrorist organization linked to this mosque (and funded with our taxpayer dollars), is same terror group Obama and the Democrats supported during the Arab Spring uprising in Egypt A Kansas City mosque owned by an Islamic umbrella organization with deep ties to the U.S. arm of the Muslim Brotherhood has received millions of dollars in federal grants over the past several years, according to a federal spending database.The Islamic Center of Greater Kansas City has received $2,739,891 from the Department of Agriculture since 2010, a Daily Caller analysis has found. The money largely went to the mosque s Crescent Clinic to provide services through the Women, Infant and Children nutrition program, known as WIC.The most recent federal payment   in the amount of $327,436   was handed out Oct. 1. Property records show the mosque is owned by the North American Islamic Trust (NAIT), which acts as a financial holding company for Islamic organizations. It offers sharia-compliant financial products to Muslim investors, operates Islamic schools and owns more than 300 other mosques throughout the U.S.Founded in 1973 as an offshoot of the Muslim Brotherhood-backed Muslim Students Association, NAIT s most controversial connection is to the 2007 and 2008 Holy Land Foundation terror financing cases. Along with other Muslim Brotherhood-linked organizations like the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA) and the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), NAIT was named a co-conspirator in the federal case but was not indicted.At the Holy Land Foundation trial, evidence was presented that ISNA diverted funds from the accounts it held with NAIT to institutions linked to Hamas and to Mousa Abu Marzook, a senior Hamas leader.Federal prosecutors introduced evidence in the case that  established that ISNA and NAIT were among those organizations created by the U.S.-Muslim Brotherhood.  Hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of checks drawn from ISNA s account and deposited in the Holy Land Foundation s account with NAIT were made payable to  the Palestinian Mujahadeen,  which is the original name for Hamas  military wing.While Hamas was designated as a foreign terrorist organization by the U.S. government in 1997 and is considered the Palestinian branch of the Muslim Brotherhood, the larger Muslim Brotherhood is not itself designated as a terrorist group.And while the Obama administration has largely remained agnostic towards the organization, the British government released a scathing report earlier this month noting that the Muslim Brotherhood remains supportive of Hamas and that much of its ideology and many of its tactics  are contrary to our values and have been contrary to our national interests and our national security. Via: Daily Caller",0
21183,SYRIAN DROPS TRUTH BOMB: Germany Asked “Refugees” [On Internet] To Come…”None of us had to flee…we didn’t want to go to the army…easier to get a good job and earn money in Europe”,"This is what happens when you have government leaders who represent their own self interests, putting job opportunities and national security for its citizens dead last. Sound familiar?A well-known Iranian born writer, Ramin Peymani explains in a Huffington Post- Germany article,  Der Syrer   eine Fl chtlingsgeschichte  ( The Syrians, A Refugee Story ), that, while living in Germany, he met up with the Syrian refugee in the checkout line at a local grocery store.Being Iranian, Peymani could speak fluently with the  refugee,  who freely admitted that he, and all the others claiming to be refugees, were not fleeing war, but had merely come in search of jobs and money.The Syrian told Peymani that his mother lived in America, that that his sister was still in Syria. Did you escape with your mother? Why your sister has not come?  Peymani asked. No, I did not flee. None of us had to flee,  the Syrian freely admitted. The Assad regime is cruel and unjust, but you can live in Syria, if you just don t mess with it. Peymani then asked if the Syrian had then fled from the Islamic State terrorists. The Syrian s answer in this regard was revealing as well: I come from Damascus, like most of us [refugees] do that I ve met in the camp. There is no IS [in Damascus]; it is in other regions, for example, towards Iraq. Peymani then asked him the logical next question:  Are you saying that most Syrians do not flee from war and persecution? The Syrian answered:  Yes. My friends and I went because we didn t want to go to the army. And because it is easier to get a good job and earn money in Europe. Peymani then wanted to know why so many Syrians had come so suddenly.  Why now are so many coming? Is it because the Assad regime has become worse? The Syrian replied:  No. He [Assad] has been in power many years already. The regime is cruel and can kill opponents, but my family and I have not been touched, and none of my friends either. So why had they all now come to Europe, Peymani asked, to which the Syrian replied: In the summer we saw on the Internet that Germany wanted people to live there. We were invited to come here. And it was said that the state would take care of us and we would be given jobs. But I cannot find one Peymani also asked him what route he had followed to Germany. I lived in Turkey for some time after my mother had emigrated to the United States to be with relatives. But I could not get a visa for the USA, even though my mother has a green card. Peymani asked him if he had  fled  to Turkey  because of the war in Syria? Laughing, the Syrian replied:  No (laughs). My friends and I are here because we thought we d find work. We did not like Turkey. He was then asked if his  story is typical of the people who leave Syria? The Syrian replied:  I think most go for the same reason as I did. All men of my age, who want to just live better elsewhere. ",0
21184,"NOT KIDDING: Call A Transexual “He” If He Wants To Be Called “She” In Communist NYC…Pay Staggering $250,000 Fine","The LGBT mafia has never been more threatening or powerful Did you call a transsexual person  he  or  she  when they preferred to be called  zhe?  According to a newly updated anti-discrimination law in New York City, you could be fined an eye-watering $250,000.In the latest, astonishing act of draconian political correctness, the NYC Commission on Human Rights have updated a law on  Discrimination on the Basis of Gender Identity or Expression  to threaten staggering financial penalties against property owners who  misgender  employees or tenants.Incidents that are deemed  wilful and malicious  will see property owners face up to $250,000 in fines, while standard violations of the law will result in a $125,000 fine. For small business owners, these sums are crippling.It s not as simple as referring to transmen  he  or transwomen as  she,  either. The legislation makes it clear that if an individual desires, property owners will have to make use of  zhe,   hir  and any other preferred pronoun. From the updated legislation:The NYCHRL requires employers and covered entities to use an individual s preferred name, pronoun and title (e.g., Ms./Mrs.) regardless of the individual s sex assigned at birth, anatomy, gender, medical history, appearance, or the sex indicated on the individual s identification. Most individuals and many transgender people use female or male pronouns and titles.Some transgender and gender non-conforming people prefer to use pronouns other than he/him/his or she/her/hers, such as they/them/theirs or ze/hirOther violations of the law include refusing to allow individuals to use single-sex facilities such as bathrooms that are  consistent with their gender identity,  failing to provide employee health benefits for  gender-affirming care  and  imposing different uniforms or grooming standards based on sex or gender. Examples of such illegal behaviour include:  requiring female bartenders to wear makeup,   Permitting only individuals who identify as women to wear jewellery or requiring only individuals who identify as male to have short hair,  and  permitting female but not male residents at a drug treatment facility to wear wigs and high heels. In other words, if a bar owner prevents male bartenders from wearing lipstick and heels, they ll be breaking the law. They ve now got a choice between potentially scaring off customers, and paying hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines. Regardless of the establishment s client le or aesthetic, every property owner will be forced to conform to the same standard.This is the latest in what Spiked Online editor-in-chief Brendan O Neill calls  The Crisis of Character  in the west, in which identities become grounded in subjective interpretation rather than objective reality. The state is now forcing society to recognise the subjective identities of individuals, regardless of how absurd or surreal they may seem. In New York City, recognising someone s identity is no longer a matter of case-by-case common sense and courtesy. It s zir way or the highway.",0
21185,BOOM! It’s Payback Time For Gun-Grabbing Gov: GOP Works To Strip Him Of Armed Protection Detail,"Do you think our Gun Grabber In Chief should be next?Virginia state senator Bill Carrico (R-Dist. 40) is responding to Governor Terry McAuliffe s (D) relentless gun control push by introducing a budget amendment to remove funding for McAuliffe s protection detail.Carrico said,  If he s so afraid of guns, then I m not going to surround him with armed state policemen. McAuliffe has pushed numerous gun controls as governor and, in August, infamously pushed for expanding background checks after Virginia reporter Alison Parker had been shot on air. McAuliffe made the push for expanded background checks before the gunman who killed Parker had been caught and, therefore, before he had any knowledge of how the gunman acquired his gun. As it turned out, gunman Vester Lee Flanagan acquired his gun via a background check.Moreover, on October 15, McAuliffe issued an executive order banning the open carry of firearms in state buildings used by the Virginia executive branch and calling for enforcement to ensure that the only people  in the business  of selling guns in Virginia are those with a Federal Firearm License (FFL).Senator Carrico is responding to these things and more by trying to be sure McAuliffe does not have to be around guns at all if they bother him so much. According to the Bristol Herald Courier, Carrico said he will address this matter when the General Assembly convenes in January, saying:A lot of the governor s power is deferred to the General Assembly at that point and I ll be getting with my colleagues to circumvent everything this governor has done on this point. I have a budget amendment that I m looking at to take away his executive protection unit. If he s so afraid of guns, then I m not going to surround him with armed state policemen. Via: Breitbart News",0
21186,SOMALI PIRATE POSING AS A “REFUGEE” Found Covered In Blood After Stabbing Roommate 19 Times In German Government Funded Housing,"Apparently free housing, food and spending money wasn t enough for this murderous thug posing as a helpless refugee A Somali pirate who was in jail in France for seven years has been jailed for another eleven years in Germany after murdering a fellow African while pretending to be an  asylum seeker  in a Berlin invader camp.The astonishing story of the 35-year-old African invader has been revealed in the Potsdam, Berlin-based M rkische Allgemeine newspaper.The Somali who has still not been named, apparently by court order provided an astonishing story which dramatically illustrated how hordes of fraudsters have taken advantage of deluded European liberals to invade and parasite off Europe.He entered Germany in May this year and joined in the general rush to claim asylum, the M rkische Allgemeine reported.The German liberals immediately gave him housing, food, and welfare money. He received an apartment which he shared with another African  asylum seeker  from Somalia in a building on the Potsdamer Strasse in Teltow (Potsdam-Mittelmark).He fell out with his flatmate, a 21-year-old, and in a murderous frenzy, stabbed him nineteen times, cutting his carotid artery. The 35-year-old fled the scene, but was easily spotted on the streets a few blocks away not only because of his skin color, but also because he was drenched in his murder victim s blood.The Potsdam regional court found him guilty of the latest murder and rejected his plea of manslaughter, saying that the nature of the victim s wounds showed clear premeditation. He was sentenced to eleven-and-half-years in jail.During the court proceedings, his pretrial statements to the police were read out, and his incredible story emerged. In these statements, the Somali admitted to the police that he had previously been jailed in France for seven years after being convicted of piracy off the horn of Africa.In addition, he said, he had killed another inmate while in prison in France, and upon his release, he had simply crossed the border into Germany, thrown away his identification papers, and joined the asylum queue in Berlin.The lack of identification papers is also the reason why the court has not ordered his name to be released because they do not know his real name or even his actual age.The court found that he had documents which gave two different birth dates, and he himself had claimed a third, while he had been registered in the German asylum system under three different names.The latter maneuver is an old trick used by Third World swindlers in Europe to triple their welfare benefits, and is a growing problem with the latest wave of incomers.Nonetheless, the Somali s successful exploitation of the  asylum system wrecked only by his murderous behavior serves as a perfect case study in the criminal nature of the Third World invasion and of the stupidity of leftist Europeans in allowing the  asylum  racket to continue. Via: Maz-online and New Observer ",0
21187,SMASHED WINDOWS AND DEATH THREATS: Liberal Couple Reveals Horrific Experience After Opening Up Farm To Muslim “Refugees”,"These  Good Samaritans  bit off a little more than they could chew. Maybe next time they ll think twice about helping people who have no intention of assimilating or becoming part of a community. It s an all about me mentality coming from these people who are supposedly looking for help to escape persecution A white bleeding-heart leftist couple made headlines when they generously opened their home to a group of Muslim refugees allegedly fleeing devout Muslim militants. However, it didn t take long for their liberal policies to backfire in a racist and ironic way   and it s exactly the poetic justice we ve been warning about all along.In July, the headline read  Meet the angels who opened their hearts and home to 143 lost strangers,  and the left was drooling over the couple who followed their socialist values to the letter. Andrew and Rae Wartnaby opened up their 50-acre farmland to over 100 Muslim refugees who were reportedly displaced during  xenophobic attacks,  according to News 24.After escaping Islamic brutality in the Central African Republic, the Muslim migrants traveled to South Africa, where they were again set upon by South African natives in black-on-black attacks. So, the good-natured yet naive white couple welcomed the refugee families to their land, which included Obama s favored  widows and orphans. However, after only a few months of graciously allowing the Muslim migrants to live for free on their property, the loving couple soon found that they would actually be the refugees. The Wartnabys were threatened with slaughter by the same people they were helping escape brutality.The Wartnaby s fed, clothed, and housed 143 migrants for free, but it wasn t enough to keep them from turning on the couple. The New Observer reports that the good Samaritans  tolerance was used by the refugees to chase them from their own farm, which has already been destroyed by the ungrateful migrants.Last week, the Muslims attacked the Wartnabys home in the wee hours of the morning and warned that they would kill Andrew if the pair didn t leave the property. They claimed that the white couple was  not helping them to be relocated back home or to another country,  and that it was the pair s responsibility to provide more money, passports, and transportation. I immediately asked if everyone is okay but they kept shouting that tonight was my night and they will kill me. I haven t slept since then,  Andrew said. When we took everyone in, we said we would try and help, which we have. But they feel like it has been too long and we let them down. I have asked that group to leave my farm, but they refuse to and to be honest, I don t know what is going to happen. All I know is that I don t want to be murdered tonight. The Muslim migrants cut down the fence, smashed the house s windows, and broke down the doors to drive out the Wartnabys at 2 a.m. The dangerous refugees are still in control of the farm, and the couple remains in hiding, fearing for their lives from the very people they were selflessly helping.Much like Europe and North America, South Africa is an attractive, Westernized country that was well-developed with the help of European settlement. Now, the declining nation is being overrun by African migrants seeking to take advantage of the once thriving infrastructure.Hundreds of thousands of migrants have flooded South Africa, and natives have been unsuccessful in chasing off the demanding, dangerous Muslim invaders.Time and time again we desperately warn the left that their own agenda will turn on them, and we see this same immigration policy played out on a smaller scale with the Wartnabys.Muslim migrants are fundamentally different from any other refugees escaping religious brutality and political tyranny. Although they often flee their own ideology s savagery, they bring the same barbarity wherever they go.The Islamic Prophet Muhammad perfectly modeled how to use migration and the generosity of others as a stepping stool by which to overtake them. As a refugee to Medina, the messenger quietly built up his followers before slaughtering, converting, exiling, and subjugating the very tribes that welcomed him to their thriving, tolerant city.The multiculturalism, tolerance, and religious freedom that once prevailed was stripped away by the commands of Allah that require Muslims to fight every ounce of their ability to establish Sharia law and forcibly spread Islam until it is the only religion left. Via: Mad World News",0
21188,"PRIORITIES: #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists Protest Cops In Gun-Free Chicago, While Ignoring 6 Murders, 21People Shot Over Christmas Weekend","The December tally in Chicago (so far) is: December to Date Shot & Killed: 29 Shot & Wounded: 189 Total Shot: 218 Total Homicides: 31Six men were killed and at least 21 other people have been wounded in shootings across Chicago over the holiday weekend. The latest homicide happened early Sunday in the Englewood neighborhood on the South Side.About 2:15 a.m., 29-year-old Tyree White was outside with a 28-year-old woman near West 59th Street and South Wentworth Avenue, when someone walked up and opened fire, according to Chicago Police and the Cook County medical examiner s office. White, of the 200 block of East 121st Place, was shot in the chest and was pronounced dead at the scene less than 30 minutes later, authorities said.A pregnant mother of three was killed by a hit-and-run driver, though the baby survived the tragedy.Karla Y. Leanos had been crossing the street in North Lawndale in the 4200 block of West Ogden around 10 p.m. when she was hit by a 2008 Chrysler traveling westbound at a high rate of speed, according to police and the Cook County medical examiner s office. The vehicle did not initially stop, police said. A woman was shot in the back and taken to Stroger, where her condition was stabilized, police said.Saturday night, a 36-year-old man was fatally shot in the Little Village neighborhood on the Southwest Side, police said.The 36-year-old was sitting outside with other people in the 2800 block of West 21st Place about 9:50 p.m. when a white SUV pulled up and a passenger displayed gang signs and then fired shots, police said.Black lives matter .just not the ones who are killed by other blacks in their own neighborhoods.The man was shot in the chest and mouth and was taken by a friend to Mount Sinai Hospital, where he later died, police said. The medical examiner s office could not immediately confirm the fatality.Less than three hours earlier, a 28-year-old man was found shot to death in the West Garfield Park neighborhood on the West Side.He was found about 7:20 p.m. in the 600 block of South Tripp Avenue with gunshot wounds to the chest and stomach, according to police and the medical examiner s office. He was pronounced dead at the scene. His name was being withheld Sunday morning pending notification of his family.Another man was killed Christmas Day in Englewood. Officers responding to a call of shots fired at 11:36 a.m. Friday in the 700 block of West 71st Street found 20-year-old Angelo Frazier with multiple gunshot wounds to the thigh, authorities said.Frazier was taken to Stroger Hospital, where he was pronounced dead less than an hour later, authorities said. He lived in the 600 block of Sullivan Lane in University Park. About three hours earlier, a 22-year-old man was shot to death outside his West Side Austin neighborhood home.Kylan D. Collier was discovered unresponsive with a gunshot wound to the head about 8:30 a.m. on the stairs of the back porch of his home in the 5500 block of West Monroe, authorities said. He was dead at the scene. The weekend s first fatal shooting happened about 4:50 p.m. Thursday in the Park Manor neighborhood on the South Side.A witness told police that 30-year-old Craig Harris went outside and four males were waiting for him in a gangway in the 7300 block of South Vernon, authorities said. Police said the witness heard gunshots then ran inside to call police.Harris, who lived on the same block as the shooting, was shot in the temple and pronounced dead at the scene, authorities said. The latest nonfatal attack happened early Sunday in the South Side Chicago Lawn neighborhood.A 55-year-old woman went to answer her door in the 6700 block of South Oakley Avenue about 5:30 a.m. when she was shot in the shoulder and abdomen, police said. Two males were seen fleeing the scene. The woman was taken Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn in serious condition, police said. Less than 90 minutes earlier, a man was shot and critically wounded in Englewood. Officers responding to a call of shots fired about 4:15 a.m. found a 25-year-old man in the driver s seat of a vehicle in the 6000 block of South Laflin, police said. He had suffered multiple gunshot wounds to the body and was taken in critical condition to Stroger Hospital.At 2:27 a.m., two people were shot near the Aragon Ballroom in the Uptown neighborhood on the North Side. A 68-year-old man was standing outside in the 1100 block of West Lawrence when he heard gunfire and realized he d been shot in the leg, police said. A 34-year-old woman sitting in her vehicle nearby also heard the shots and then suffered a graze wound to the forehead. They were both taken to Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center, where they were listed in good condition. Police said an unoccupied SUV that had crashed into a building was discovered in the area of the shooting, but it was not immediately clear how the vehicle was connected to the investigation. About 6:15 p.m. Saturday in Austin, a 16-year-old boy was standing outside in the 5200 block of West Adams when two males came out from the alley and shot him in the left leg, police said. He was taken to West Suburban Hospital in Oak Park, where he is listed in good condition.Less than two hours earlier, a man was shot in the Oakland neighborhood on the South Side. The 18-year-old man was shot in the abdomen about 4:30 p.m. in the 3800 block of South Ellis during an attempted robbery, police said. He was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital, where his condition was stabilized. At least 14 other people have been wounded in other shootings since 12:15 p.m. Thursday.Additionally, three people were shot Saturday by Chicago Police. A man and a woman were fatally shot in the West Garfield Park neighborhood just before 5 a.m. and a man was critically wounded in a separate police-involved shooting that afternoon in Washington Heights. Via: NBC Chicago ",0
21189,OOPS! Here’s Proof The Left Used “Schlonged” When Referring To One Of Their Own In 2011 [VIDEO],"I m sure it just slipped the feeble minds of the leftist media If it weren t for double standards, the left would have no standards at all.Take, for example, the current liberal outrage over Schlonggate: Donald Trump s use of the Yiddish word  schlong  to characterize Hillary Clinton s eventual loss to Barack Obama in her 2008 bid for the Democratic presidential nomination.Among the accusations hurled at Trump was that the use of this pejorative for  penis  was misogynistic. One critic with a vivid imagination even posited that it was a racial slur aimed at Obama.But it turns out that the taxpayer-funded NPR allowed that very term to be used four years ago in reference to another female politician, Geraldine Ferraro, to recall an almost identical political defeat.  Talk of the Nation  host Neal Conan used  schlonged,  moreover, in the same breath in which he mentioned Ferraro s untimely death, as noted by PJ Media s Michael Walsh.Here is the transcript.Sad news to report from this past weekend. Geraldine Ferraro died of blood cancer at the age of 75, the three-term congresswoman from Queens, the first woman to run for vice president of the United States in 1984, the first woman on a major party ticket to do so . And Chris Cillizza, that ticket went on to get schlonged at the polls, but that s a historic moment. [Emphasis added]Here s the Reverend Manning s hysterical take on Trump s use of the word  schlonged ",0
21190,UNIV Of WI Chancellor Contacts Police After Noticing Confederate Flag Displayed On Worker’s Truck On Campus,"Is anyone else concerned that the Left was able to turn the display of a Confederate flag by an American into a criminal offense almost overnight? When a contractor s truck at the University of Wisconsin   LaCrosse sported a Confederate flag across its grille in November, one official was quick to condemn the contractor, call for the flag s removal, and   it turns out   even asked for an informal police investigation into the matter. E-mails obtained by the LaCrosse Tea Party show Paula Knudson, Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs at the school, went farther than previously known in her efforts to get the flag removed and the contractor punished.LaCrosse confederate flagUpon learning of the flag s presence on campus, Knudson e-mailed Doug Pearson, the head of Facilities Planning and Management for the school, to ask that the contractor be told the flag needed to go. The contractor quickly and willingly complied and Knudson went on to e-mail the entire UWL campus   students and faculty   to express her regret over the incident and say that she was  personally. . . offended and. . . very sorry for the fear and angst caused by its presence.  [Emphasis added]At the same time, e-mails reveal, Knudson e-mailed pictures of the truck to interim UW-LaCrosse Police Chief Scott McCullough with the subject line  License please?  After reading Knudson s campus-wide missive, McCullough responded to say he read her e-mail to mean that there was no longer any need for police action since the flag had been removed.McCullough also went on to reference another incident with yet another truck that displayed the Confederate flag and urged Knudson to remember that the police cannot run license plate numbers without a valid excuse to investigate the vehicle.  I would like to take a second and make clear that like the last truck with this emblem, I would need to be conducting a police investigation into some violation (I believe it was harassment last time) before I can run this plate,  he wrote. It could be literally only seconds talking with a complainant but it is an important protection to all of us that even the police cannot simply run records checks for no reason,  he went on to say.  Please don t take this as any hesitation on our part to help just that we have very specific rules that we (the police) need to follow. At least two students who were offended by the flag took action on their own and approached the construction site to express their indignation according to an e-mail from facilities chief Pearson.  The job site superintendent was concerned about two students who walked into the job site and confronted the trucker,  Pearson wrote in an e-mail to Knudson that included UWL Chancellor Joe Gow.  The superintendent indicated they [the students] were rude and were baiting the trucker to say something. I can help resolve these issues, but staff and students should not be walking into a job site without proper personal protective equipment. The following day, Chancellor Gow e-mailed Knudson to chide her for how she handled the situation. He urged her to point out  the trucker kindly complied  with the school s request that the flag be removed.  We need to refute the notion that we have somehow  banned  display of the confederate flag, because we don t have the legal authority to do so. And we wouldn t want to stifle free expression no matter how uncomfortable it might make us feel [emphasis added],  Gow concluded.In public statements made after Media Trackers first broke the news of the incident and published a picture of the truck, Gow said the Confederate flag  clearly is a racist symbol,  but acknowledged that UWL would have allowed the trucker to continue to display it had he refused to remove it. Via: EAG News",0
21191,COLLEGE STUDENT SUSPENDED For Saying He Thinks Black Women Are: “not hot”,"Would this student have been suspended for saying he doesn t think blondes are  hot? Did Colorado College violate a student s First Amendment right to free speech when it suspended him for six months for stating online that he doesn t find black women attractive?We may never know, unless the student who was suspended takes legal action, and there has been no report of any such filing.But some free speech advocates would probably urge him to do so.On Nov. 9, an untold number of Colorado College students engaged in a Yik Yaks social media conversation regarding the topic  black lives matter,  according to a report from TheCollegeFix.com.What was supposed to be a serious discussion reportedly turned raunchy and over-the-top, with a number of participants posting distasteful comments.For instance, student Thaddeus Pryor said the conversation included a post describing white males as  dirty hippies  with undersized sexual organs who have sexual relations with relatives.At one point the topic changed to  black women matter,  to which Pryor anonymously replied,  They matter, they re just not hot. The next day several quotes from the online conversation   including Pryor s remark about black women   were reproduced on full-sized banners and hung in the Student Center near a dean s office, TheCollegeFix.com reported.The next thing he knew, Pryor was brought before a disciplinary panel, and learned he had been accused by rumor of being the author of most of the controversial posts in the conversation, the news site reported.Pryor admitted to writing the statement about black women, but denied writing anything else. And there is no way for the college to determine who wrote the other statements that Pryor did not accept responsibility for. Yik Yak is an anonymous social media application on smartphones that restricts posts to those within a geolocated boundary, like a college campus,  according to the Huffington Post.  While student have frequently protested in recent years over racist and offensive posts on the app, colleges have no way to identify who says anything on Yik Yak. College officials quickly moved to suspend Pryor. Senior Associate Dean of Students Rochelle Mason, Dean of Students Mike Edmonds and Assistant Dean of Students Cesar Cervantes decided in less than 24 hours that Pryor should be suspended for 21 months   the exact time it would take him to finish his degree   and prohibited from being on campus. Pryor appealed and his suspension was reduced to six months, but he still claims that college officials neglected his due process rights as defined by college policy, and essentially pronounced him guilty of authoring far more than the one post he accepted responsibility for. Pryor said someone  misled  officials about the number of comments he posted, according to the news site. In a lengthy appeal letter to Edmonds, Pryor said he voluntarily admitted to posting the  not hot  comment despite Mason and Cervantes having  no evidence  other than hearsay that he was involved with the Nov. 9 posts,  TheCollegeFix.com wrote. He said the college violated its own rules   not only by failing to inform him of his alleged violations until he was sentenced, but by incorrectly recording in  sanction papers  that Mason and Cervantes had even informed him of alleged violations of the  Student Code of Conduct. During my hearing, rather than presenting me with my possible violations then investigating my actions and how they may have constituted those violations, I was simply treated as broadly guilty,  Pryor was quoted as saying.Apparently private schools like Colorado College have more legal authority to censor speech than public schools, there remains a question about whether Pryor s rights were violated.A nonprofit called the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education (FIRE) contend that the college violated a statement published in a student guide that says,  all members of the college community have such basic rights as freedom of speech,  the Huffington Post reported. Because Colorado College is a private institution, it generally does not have to grant the same First Amendment free speech rights that a public school would. However, FIRE insists the school s statement about free speech in its college guide creates a  contractual obligation,  according to the Huffington Post. Via: EAG",0
21192,NYT’s Gifts America With Christmas Eve Letter From Black Professor Who Teaches Students Every White Person Is A “Racist” [VIDEO],"It doesn t matter if you have black friends, if you voted for Barack Obama, or even if you re married to a black person  you re still a racist. You can essentially never escape your white privilege and hate for Blacks.  No matter what dreams a Black person may have, the White person is going to take them away from you..In 2015, I conducted a series of 19 interviews with philosophers and public intellectuals on the issue of race. My aim was to engage, in this very public space, with the often unnamed elephant in the room.These discussions helped me, and I hope many of our readers, to better understand how race continues to function in painful ways within our country. That was one part of a gift that I wanted to give to readers of The Stone, the larger philosophical community, and the world.That is how I want to deliver my own message now. Dear White America,I have a weighty request. As you read this letter, I want you to listen with love, a sort of love that demands that you look at parts of yourself that might cause pain and terror, as James Baldwin would say. Did you hear that? You may have missed it. I repeat: I want you to listen with love. Well, at least try.We don t talk much about the urgency of love these days, especially within the public sphere. Much of our discourse these days is about revenge, name calling, hate, and divisiveness. I have yet to hear it from our presidential hopefuls, or our political pundits. I don t mean the Hollywood type of love, but the scary kind, the kind that risks not being reciprocated, the kind that refuses to flee in the face of danger. To make it a bit easier for you, I ve decided to model, as best as I can, what I m asking of you. Let me demonstrate the vulnerability that I wish you to show. As a child of Socrates, James Baldwin and Audre Lorde, let me speak the truth, refuse to err on the side of caution.This letter is a gift for you. Bear in mind, though, that some gifts can be heavy to bear. You don t have to accept it; there is no obligation. I give it freely, believing that many of you will throw the gift back in my face, saying that I wrongly accuse you, that I am too sensitive, that I m a race hustler, and that I blame white people (you) for everything.I have read many of your comments. I have even received some hate mail. In this letter, I ask you to look deep, to look into your souls with silence, to quiet that voice that will speak to you of your white  innocence.  So, as you read this letter, take a deep breath. Make a space for my voice in the deepest part of your psyche. Try to listen, to practice being silent. There are times when you must quiet your own voice to hear from or about those who suffer in ways that you do not.What if I told you that I m sexist? Well, I am. Yes. I said it and I mean just that. I have watched my male students squirm in their seats when I ve asked them to identify and talk about their sexism. There are few men, I suspect, who would say that they are sexists, and even fewer would admit that their sexism actually oppresses women. Certainly not publicly, as I ve just done. No taking it back now.To make things worse, I m an academic, a philosopher. I m supposed to be one of the  enlightened  ones. Surely, we are beyond being sexists. Some, who may genuinely care about my career, will say that I m being too risky, that I am jeopardizing my academic livelihood. Some might even say that as a black male, who has already been stereotyped as a  crotch-grabbing, sexual fiend,  that I m at risk of reinforcing that stereotype. (Let s be real, that racist stereotype has been around for centuries; it is already part of white America s imaginary landscape.)Yet, I refuse to remain a prisoner of the lies that we men like to tell ourselves   that we are beyond the messiness of sexism and male patriarchy, that we don t oppress women. Let me clarify. This doesn t mean that I intentionally hate women or that I desire to oppress them. It means that despite my best intentions, I perpetuate sexism every day of my life. Please don t take this as a confession for which I m seeking forgiveness. Confessions can be easy, especially when we know that forgiveness is immediately forthcoming.As a sexist, I have failed women. I have failed to speak out when I should have. I have failed to engage critically and extensively their pain and suffering in my writing. I have failed to transcend the rigidity of gender roles in my own life. I have failed to challenge those poisonous assumptions that women are  inferior  to men or to speak out loudly in the company of male philosophers who believe that feminist philosophy is just a nonphilosophical fad. I have been complicit with, and have allowed myself to be seduced by, a country that makes billions of dollars from sexually objectifying women, from pornography, commercials, video games, to Hollywood movies. I am not innocent.I have been fed a poisonous diet of images that fragment women into mere body parts. I have also been complicit with a dominant male narrative that says that women enjoy being treated like sexual toys. In our collective male imagination, women are  things  to be used for our visual and physical titillation. And even as I know how poisonous and false these sexist assumptions are, I am often ambushed by my own hidden sexism. I continue to see women through the male gaze that belies my best intentions not to sexually objectify them. Our collective male erotic feelings and fantasies are complicit in the degradation of women. And we must be mindful that not all women endure sexual degradation in the same way.I recognize how my being a sexist has a differential impact on black women and women of color who are not only victims of racism, but also sexism, my sexism. For example, black women and women of color not only suffer from sexual objectification, but the ways in which they are objectified is linked to how they are racially depicted, some as  exotic  and others as  hyper-sexual.  You see, the complicity, the responsibility, the pain that I cause runs deep. And, get this. I refuse to seek shelter; I refuse to live a lie. So, every day of my life I fight against the dominant male narrative, choosing to see women as subjects, not objects. But even as I fight, there are moments of failure. Just because I fight against sexism does not give me clean hands, as it were, at the end of the day; I continue to falter, and I continue to oppress. And even though the ways in which I oppress women is unintentional, this does not free me of being responsible.If you are white, and you are reading this letter, I ask that you don t run to seek shelter from your own racism. Don t hide from your responsibility. Rather, begin, right now, to practice being vulnerable. Being neither a  good  white person nor a liberal white person will get you off the proverbial hook. I consider myself to be a decent human being. Yet, I m sexist. Take another deep breath. I ask that you try to be  un-sutured.  If that term brings to mind a state of pain, open flesh, it is meant to do so. After all, it is painful to let go of your  white innocence,  to use this letter as a mirror, one that refuses to show you what you want to see, one that demands that you look at the lies that you tell yourself so that you don t feel the weight of responsibility for those who live under the yoke of whiteness, your whiteness.I can see your anger. I can see that this letter is being misunderstood. This letter is not asking you to feel bad about yourself, to wallow in guilt. That is too easy. I m asking for you to tarry, to linger, with the ways in which you perpetuate a racist society, the ways in which you are racist. I m now daring you to face a racist history which, paraphrasing Baldwin, has placed you where you are and that has formed your own racism. Again, in the spirit of Baldwin, I am asking you to enter into battle with your white self. I m asking that you open yourself up; to speak to, to admit to, the racist poison that is inside of you.Again, take a deep breath. Don t tell me about how many black friends you have. Don t tell me that you are married to someone of color. Don t tell me that you voted for Obama. Don t tell me that I m the racist. Don t tell me that you don t see color. Don t tell me that I m blaming whites for everything. To do so is to hide yet again. You may have never used the N-word in your life, you may hate the K.K.K., but that does not mean that you don t harbor racism and benefit from racism. After all, you are part of a system that allows you to walk into stores where you are not followed, where you get to go for a bank loan and your skin does not count against you, where you don t need to engage in  the talk  that black people and people of color must tell their children when they are confronted by white police officers.As you reap comfort from being white, we suffer for being black and people of color. But your comfort is linked to our pain and suffering. Just as my comfort in being male is linked to the suffering of women, which makes me sexist, so, too, you are racist. That is the gift that I want you to accept, to embrace. It is a form of knowledge that is taboo. Imagine the impact that the acceptance of this gift might have on you and the world.Take another deep breath. I know that there are those who will write to me in the comment section with boiling anger, sarcasm, disbelief, denial. There are those who will say,  Yancy is just an angry black man.  There are others who will say,  Why isn t Yancy telling black people to be honest about the violence in their own black neighborhoods?  Or,  How can Yancy say that all white people are racists?  If you are saying these things, then you ve already failed to listen. I come with a gift. You re already rejecting the gift that I have to offer. This letter is about you. Don t change the conversation. I assure you that so many black people suffering from poverty and joblessness, which is linked to high levels of crime, are painfully aware of the existential toll that they have had to face because they are black and, as Baldwin adds,  for no other reason. Some of your white brothers and sisters have made this leap. The legal scholar Stephanie M. Wildman, has written,  I simply believe that no matter how hard I work at not being racist, I still am. Because part of racism is systemic, I benefit from the privilege that I am struggling to see.  And the journalism professor Robert Jensen:  I like to think I have changed, even though I routinely trip over the lingering effects of that internalized racism and the institutional racism around me. Every time I walk into a store at the same time as a black man and the security guard follows him and leaves me alone to shop, I am benefiting from white privilege. What I m asking is that you first accept the racism within yourself, accept all of the truth about what it means for you to be white in a society that was created for you. I m asking for you to trace the binds that tie you to forms of domination that you would rather not see. When you walk into the world, you can walk with assurance; you have already signed a contract, so to speak, that guarantees you a certain form of social safety.Baldwin argues for a form of love that is  a state of being, or state of grace   not in the infantile American sense of being made happy but in the tough and universal sense of quest and daring and growth.  Most of my days, I m engaged in a personal and societal battle against sexism. So many times, I fail. And so many times, I m complicit. But I refuse to hide behind that mirror that lies to me about my  non-sexist nobility.  Baldwin says,  Love takes off the masks that we fear we cannot live without and know we cannot live within.  In my heart, I m done with the mask of sexism, though I m tempted every day to wear it. And, there are times when it still gets the better of me.White America, are you prepared to be at war with yourself, your white identity, your white power, your white privilege? Are you prepared to show me a white self that love has unmasked? I m asking for love in return for a gift; in fact, I m hoping that this gift might help you to see yourself in ways that you have not seen before. Of course, the history of white supremacy in America belies this gesture of black gift-giving, this gesture of non-sentimental love. Martin Luther King Jr. was murdered even as he loved.Perhaps the language of this letter will encourage a split   not a split between black and white, but a fissure in your understanding, a space for loving a Trayvon Martin, Eric Garner, Tamir Rice, Aiyana Jones, Sandra Bland, Laquan McDonald and others. I m suggesting a form of love that enables you to see the role that you play (even despite your anti-racist actions) in a system that continues to value black lives on the cheap.Take one more deep breath. I have another gift.If you have young children, before you fall off to sleep tonight, I want you to hold your child. Touch your child s face. Smell your child s hair. Count the fingers on your child s hand. See the miracle that is your child. And then, with as much vision as you can muster, I want you to imagine that your child is black.In peace,George YancyVia: NYT sHere is a dreadfully long interview of Professor George Yancy, who drones on and on about how White people can never escape their racism. It s especially interesting to hear the interviewer tell Professor Yancy that young White people buy into the idea that there is no racism, but they just don t know the truth (translation: even if you re not a racist and have never seen a black friend be discriminated against, you re still a  racist. Go to 17.:45 mark of the video to see this incredible exchange:  To be black is to already be dead. Which is a hell of a place to be. They re socially dead because in a White world they re going to be looked upon as sub-human. ",0
21193,SYRIAN MUSLIM MAN WHOSE Family Perished On Trip So He Could Get Free Dental Care Has New Spokesperson Role,"Who better than a man who risked the lives of his wife and children to get free dental care to ask taxpayers in Europe and America to open their doors to more freeloading Muslims? THE father of a little boy who drowned while fleeing Syria has pleaded with the world to  open its doors  to refugees.Three-year-old Alan Kurdi died along with his mother Rehanna and five-year-old brother Ghalib in September.They paid cruel people smugglers thousands to reach Greece by boat after fleeing their war-ravaged homeland.But pictures of his lifeless body washed up on a Turkish beach forced politicians to tackle the refugee crisis.His father Abdullah Kurdi said:  My message is I d like the whole world to open its doors to Syrians. If a person shuts a door in someone s face, this is very difficult. When a door is opened they no longer feel humiliated. He added:  At this time of year I would like to ask you all to think about the pain of fathers, mothers and children who are seeking peace and security. We ask just for a little bit of sympathy from you. Via: ExpressUK",0
21194,French Journalist Hit With Huge Fine For “Inciting Hate” Against Muslims…Even Though We All Know What He Said Is True,"Americans should pay close attention to this story, especially after Loretta Lynch announced the US Government will punish anyone for anti-Muslim speech.Journalist and writer  ric Zemmour has once again been fined   this time 3,000 euros   for inciting to hate Muslims. Le Parisien reports:Polemicist Eric Zemmour was sentenced on Thursday to a fine of 3,000 euros for provoking hatred towards Muslims, as a result of comments he made to the Italian daily Corriere della Sera in October 2014. In particular, he declared that the Muslims  have their civil code, it s the Koran,  that they  live among themselves in the suburbs. The French are forced to leave.  The prosecution had asked for a fine of 10,000 euros. I believe we re heading for chaos. This situation of a people in the people, of Muslims in the French people, will lead us to chaos and to civil war,  he added.  Millions of persons live here, in France, but refuse to live in the French manner. ric Zemmour was at the time promoting his book Le Suicide fran ais.Note: First, the use of the term  polemicist  to describe Zemmour is a deliberate attempt by the media to emphasize his  warlike  nature and his refusal to debate. The word evokes hostility and single-mindedness. Second, Zemmour s reference to a possible civil war preceded by fourteen months the statement by Manuel Valls, between the two rounds of the regional elections, that an FN victory would lead to civil war. No one prosecuted Valls. Third, there is an implication that Zemmour s words were intended to provoke in order to sell more books, since he was on a book tour in Italy.During the hearing in the Paris criminal court, the polemicist had maintained that he was speaking of  the Muslims in the suburbs who organize and who are planning to secede.  Prosecutor Annabelle Philippe deemed that his remarks that she regarded as  stigmatizing and without nuance , were aimed at the  totality of the Muslim community.  The court agreed stating that at no point in the interview did he reduce his comments to  just a fraction  of Muslims. The whole of Zemmour s remarks  rests on an eminently divisive assumption: that the Muslim community, in its essence and its culture, is in opposition to the French and to the French people,  said the judges. Claiming to relate an ineluctable evolution,  ric Zemmour proposes to his readers the only option capable, in his eyes, of avoiding civil war: an organized and forced departure from France of the entire Muslim community.  The court lambasted his  warlike and catastrophe-prone semantics  that denote  the conceptual passage from a probable reality to a solution at once credible and desirable. Note: So it is a crime in France to express a  credible  solution to a  probable  reality? It s a crime to even envisage a chaotic situation caused by Islamic doctrine?His lawyer Olivier Pardo, who plans to appeal, reacted:  The remarks made by  ric Zemmour before the November 13 attacks are today shared by a large part of those who voice their opinion. I cannot help but note the relentlessness to which he was subjected. The polemicist was also condemned to pay one or one thousand euros, depending on the case, in damages to the associations comprising the plaintiffs. To that will be added court costs, for a total of 13,003 euros.Note: Criminal and civil trials are combined here. While we would have a separate civil suit, in France the damages are meted out in the criminal court.The judges  decision  again has recognized that  ric Zemmour is a propagator of hatred,  deemed Sabrina Goldman, attorney for LICRA (International League against Racism and Antisemitism).  His words are all the more dangerous because he presents himself as the apostle of truth; he claims to tell the truth when in fact he only expresses hatred,  she declared. The president of SOS Racism, Dominique Sopo, expressed satisfaction that the justice system had reminded us that  freedom of expression is not freedom to spread hatred . He also said:  It makes you wonder again how he can hold such a position of authority in the media.  Via: LeParisian",0
21195,"MUSLIM ACTIVISTS LAUNCH VOTER REGISTRATION DRIVE, As They Know 2016 Election Will Decide America’s Future","Who would ve guessed? A coalition of U.S.-based Muslim groups claiming that anti-Muslim backlash is on the rise in the wake of the terrorist attacks in Paris and San Bernardino hopes to register one million people to vote before the 2016 election as part of a  civic empowerment initiative. Oussama Jammal, the secretary general of the U.S. Council on Muslim Organizations, also announced in a press conference held Monday at the National Press Club that the group will  seek to increase emergency preparedness for Islamic institutions and individuals to address the rising number of incidents of hate crimes that are unfortunately happening nationwide. While the press conference participants   who hailed from such groups as the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), the Islamic Society of North America (ISNA), and the Islamic Circle of North America (ICNA)   focused little attention on the recent terrorist attacks, they focused on some of the political rhetoric that has followed.To address what they perceive as public and political backlash, the groups plan the massive Muslim voter outreach as well as a  major educational outreach  which will include a  One America  program aimed at helping non-Muslims understand Islam.One speaker, ISNA vice president Atlaf Husain, urged local, state and federal politicians who  aspire to political victory  to engage Muslims.He also cautioned:  If you as a political candidate choose to spew hatred, bigotry and to vilify Muslim-Americans, you do so at your own political risk. We will use every democratic   small  d    democratic means political strategies to ensure that your candidacy never succeeds. Press conference participants were vague on how the massive Muslim voter registration effort will unfold.Responding to a reporter s question on the matter, Jammal said that the coalition will mobilize the Muslim community through early voting efforts and by busing and shuttling voters to polling stations. Via: Daily Caller",0
21196,OOPS! NASA Makes Shocking Claim: Burning Fossil Fuels “Cools Planet”," UNDER MY PLAN   ELECTRICITY RATES WOULD NECESSARILY SKYROCKET. IF SOMEBODY WANTS TO BUILD A COAL-FIRED POWER PLANT, THEY CAN. IT S JUST THAT IT WILL BANKRUPT THEM.    BARACK OBAMA, 2008 Podesta said that the president was committed to using executive orders to pass regulations under the Clean Air Act to limit carbon dioxide emissions that they say cause global warming.  They may try, but there are no takers at this end of Pennsylvania Avenue.  May, 2015Major theories about what causes temperatures to rise have been thrown into doubt after NASA found the Earth has cooled in areas of heavy industrialisation where more trees have been lost and more fossil fuel burning takes place.Environmentalists have long argued the burning of fossil fuels in power stations and for other uses is responsible for global warming and predicted temperature increases because of the high levels of carbon dioxide produced   which causes the global greenhouse effect.While the findings did not dispute the effects of carbon dioxide on global warming, they found aerosols   also given off by burning fossil fuels   actually cool the local environment, at least temporarily.The research was carried out to see if current climate change models for calculating future temperatures were taking into account all factors and were accurate.A NASA spokesman said:  To quantify climate change, researchers need to know the Transient Climate Response (TCR) and Equilibrium Climate Sensitivity (ECS) of Earth. Both values are projected global mean surface temperature changes in response to doubled atmospheric carbon dioxide concentrations but on different timescales. TCR is characteristic of short-term predictions, up to a century out, while ECS looks centuries further into the future, when the entire climate system has reached equilibrium and temperatures have stabilised. The spokesman said it was  well known  that aerosols such as those emitted in volcanic eruptions and power stations, act to cool Earth, at least temporarily, by reflecting solar radiation away from the planet.He added:  In a similar fashion, land use changes such as deforestation in northern latitudes result in bare land that increases reflected sunlight. Kate Marvel, a climatologist at GISS and the paper s lead author, said the results showed the  complexity  of estimating future global temperatures.She said:  Take sulfate aerosols, which are created from burning fossil fuels and contribute to atmospheric cooling. They are more or less confined to the northern hemisphere, where most of us live and emit pollution. Via: Express UK",0
21197,#BlackLivesMatterTerrorists Shut Down Kids Visits With Santa At Mall…Attempt To Shut Down Major Airport In MN,"These poor kids have probably practiced for months for this performance, only to have it cancelled by a bunch of low life terrorists:The Minnetonka West MS 8th grade choir was scheduled to sing in the rotunda of the #MOA. They cancelled their performance. #BLM protest  Mark J. Westpfahl (@MarkJWestpfahl) December 23, 2015As if locking 8th graders out of their Christmas concert for shoppers wasn t enough, this group of terrorists had to shut down Santa s booth as well. What a shameful group of losers Santa is closing up shop.Repeat: Santa is closing up shop. #MOA #BLM Protest https://t.co/GPFBcMzylv  Mark J. Westpfahl (@MarkJWestpfahl) December 23, 2015Santa & his helpers will temporarily stop working 2. Sorry shoppers, no pics till after #BlackLivesMatter demo over. pic.twitter.com/VNSRoia9qG  Doualy Xaykaothao (@DoualyX) December 23, 2015The mall warned these punks they were not welcome on the premises.Announcement saying it is unlawful to protest, inside #MOA or in parking ramps. #BLM #BlackXmas2 pic.twitter.com/RqzLiD3Ktz  Mark J. Westpfahl (@MarkJWestpfahl) December 23, 2015So the cops came:Shoppers, workers prevented from entering on east ramp, East side of #mallofamerica. Via @MPRnews pic.twitter.com/70G3dOLspx  Doualy Xaykaothao (@DoualyX) December 23, 2015Escalators were closed:Escalators have been shut down. #MOA #BLM protest #blackxmas2 pic.twitter.com/dzOpCP9lDh  Mark J. Westpfahl (@MarkJWestpfahl) December 23, 2015And then there are these pathetic progressives, who according the person tweeting, are holiday travelers condoning the #BlackLivesMatterTerrorists shutting down the airport:Crowd cheering and chanting to let more protesters further into the airport #BlackXmas #Justice4Jamar pic.twitter.com/wXHgxXcBRE  Brandon Long (@BLongStPaul) December 23, 2015",0
21198,WHO NEEDS DEMOCRATS? GOP Consultant Says Establishment Needs To “Put a bullet” In Trump’s Head,"No wonder we ve had the worst Democrat President in the history of the United States for 7 long years!GOP Consultant Rick Wilson says GOP establishment needs to  put a bullet  in Trump s head.Wilson has also hurled insults at Trump supporters the past few months.Breitbart reported: On Tuesday evening, establishment Republican consultant Rick Wilson said the GOP establishment donor class must find a way to  put a bullet  in GOP frontrunner Donald Trump.In an interview with MSNBC s Chris Hayes, Wilson conceded that  Trump is still a very powerful force right now  because he appeals to part of the of the conservative base that Wilson said was activated by his  nativist  message. Wilson insisted that the donor class  can t just sit back on the sidelines and say,  oh well, don t worry, this will all work itself out. They re still going to have to go out and put a bullet in Donald Trump,  Wilson said.  And that s a fact. Republican establishment figures who have underestimated Trump since he entered the race are reportedly looking to raise millions to try to derail Trump and knock him out of the race. Wilson added that the Republican establishment must figure out a way to find a candidate who can successfully  post up  against Hillary Clinton because  neither Donald Trump or Ben Carson is ready to go up against the Clinton machine. Wilson claimed that Trump and Carson are  obviously not ready for primetime. During a September CNN interview, Wilson told Erin Burnett that Trump could  eat a live baby on television  and Trump s supporters  would think it s the greatest thing in America.  He has also demeaned Trump s supporters as  low-information  rubes and has likened them to  post-rational  conspiracy theorists.In an interview with CNN s Don Lemon, Wilson said Trump s message  doesn t have to make sense  for his supporters to back him and compared Trump to someone who is a conspiracy theorist like  your cranky uncle at Thanksgiving  who always has a theory about the Bilderbergers or the World Bank, or the IMF, or the Trilateral Commission. Today Rick Wilson attacked Ann Coulter for supporting Donald Trump. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21199,MEDIA IGNORES POST ON FACEBOOK From Man Who Threatened To Blow Up CA Mosque: “Hillary Would Make A Great President”,"Of course in their blind rage for the conservative Right, the media did everything in their power to blame this sick person s actions on who else the GOP frontrunner and one of the Tea Party favorites, Donald J. Trump The mainstream media are reporting that a Bay Area plumber who allegedly planned to bomb a California mosque was a Donald Trump supporter though he explicitly supported Hillary Clinton.On Sunday, police arrested 55-year-old William Celli  on suspicion of possessing an explosive device and making criminal threats,  CBS San Francisco reported. A bomb squad detonated a device at his house. The Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) cheered the arrest.CBS elaborated further:  On Facebook, Celli repeatedly praised Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, whose plan to bar any Muslims from entering the United States has drawn criticism even as he continues to rise in the polls. The Huffington Post and other left-wing sites played up Celli s support of Trump, implying that Trump was responsible for  propelling  bigotry and  white domestic terrorism  into the  mainstream  of political debate.What the media left out, however, is that Celli also praised Democratic presidential frontrunner Hillary Clinton.In one post, Celli wrote:  Hillary Would make a great president. If she would commit to what she is hiding. But she has to crucify the president. Then her run for the White house is over. Via: Breitbart News",0
21200,BORDER SHERIFF: The New Norm Is Lawless Wide Open Border [Video],"This has just got to end! We have kids pouring across our border and they are not going home. It s a literal invasion with the Obama administration s approval.Pinal County, AZ Sheriff and Congressional candidate Paul Babeu (R) stated,  just the last two months alone, we ve had 10,000 unaccompanied juveniles  who are  staying here  and that  the Obama administration says the border is wide open, that there is no law it comes to immigration  on Monday s  Cavuto: Coast to Coast  on the Fox Business Network. He added,  We re a compassionate nation. We always have been. And this is where I m tired of being shouted down by President Obama, like somehow we re not good Americans if we don t do everything that he says we should to do. And we ve had a million legal immigrants last year, and we do this every year.  Babeu continued,  I think it s the most compassionate thing we can do, is reunite them with their families in Central America. What America should be doing is finding ways to solve the problems of violence in Central America, support their governments, because if we don t solve that core problem, this isn t going to end. We re going to have this problem next month, next year, and then we own these people, and all the social network to support them for their entire lives. Because if you think that these kids are going anywhere, think again. They re staying here. Babeu further argued,  our compassion, there has to be a limit to this. And we don t see people in Europe, in the countries there, taking kids   refugees from central america, yet everybody wants us to take Syrian refugees from halfway across the world. So, where s the fairness here? Via: Breitbart",0
21201,OBAMA WARNS: Crackdown On Terrorism In U.S. Would Violate Iran Deal,"Never mind that Iran continues to violate Obama s lopsided deal Senior Obama administration officials are expressing concern that congressional attempts to tighten laws preventing terrorists from entering the United States could violate the Iran nuclear agreement and prompt Tehran to walk away from the agreement.Congress is considering measures that would tighten the Visa Waiver Program to make it harder for potential terrorists to legally enter the United States by increasing restrictions on individuals who have travelled to countries with prominent terrorist organizations from bypassing security checks upon entering the United States.Iranian officials have in recent days repeatedly issued threatening statements to the Obama administration, saying that such moves would violate the nuclear agreement, and the Obama administration last week conveyed the Iranian anger to American lawmakers.Stephen Mull, the State Department official in charge of implementing the Iran deal, warned the Senate Foreign Relations Committee late last week that these congressional efforts  could have a very negative impact on the deal. Under the revised law, which came in the week of a deadly terrorist attack in California, individuals who have travelled to Iran a lead sponsor of global terrorism would no longer be eligible to participate in the Visa Waiver Program, which permits individuals from 38 partner nations to more easily enter the United States.Congress remains concerned that gaps in the program could prevent federal law enforcement officials from detecting terror-tied individuals before they are granted entrance to U.S. soil.However, a portion of the Iran nuclear deal mandates that the United States not take any action that could harm Iran s economic relationships with other countries. Iranian officials maintain that the new restrictions violate this passage of the deal.Ali Larijani, the speaker of Iran s parliament, said last week that these tightened measures  are aimed at harassment  and that they  blatantly violate the nuclear agreement,  according to comments carried by the Iranian state-controlled press.Larijani warned that this action will detonate the deal before it has even been implemented. If the Americans pursue the plan, they will destroy an achievement with their own hands since it is against the [nuclear deal] and it will trouble them,  he warned.Rep. Chris Murphy (D., Conn.) echoed these concerns last week when he questioned Mull during a Senate hearing.Visa waiver reform efforts include  a naming of Iran such that individuals who have travelled to Iran will no loner be eligible for the visa waiver program,  Murphy said.  There has been a suggestion because there is an element of the agreement that obligates us to not to take steps that would stop economic relations between other nations and Iran that we could perhaps be in jeopardy of breaching the agreement. Mull agreed with this assessment. I have heard from very senior, and Secretary [of State John] Kerry has as well, from very senior officials of differing European allies of ours that it could have a very negative impact on the deal,  he said.Sources working with Congress on the Iran deal criticized the Obama administration for attempting to stymie increased action on terrorism due to its desire to preserve the nuclear deal. According to the Obama administration s latest interpretation, the nuclear deal allows Iran to test ballistic missiles in violation of international law, but does not allow Congress to prevent terrorists from coming into the United States,  Omri Ceren, the managing director of press and strategy at The Israel Project, a D.C.-based organization that works with journalists on Middle East issues, told the Washington Free Beacon.Seyed Araqchi, Iran s deputy foreign minister, also warned that Iran is prepared to  take action  against the United States for implementing visa restrictions.Iran s latest threat to break the deal comes amid numerous Iranian provocations, including multiple tests of advanced ballistic missiles, acts prohibited under United Nations Security Council resolutions.The Obama administration repeatedly said that, while it does not agree with those launches, they do not violate the nuclear deal.Via: WFB",0
21202,EPIC BACKFIRE: The Left Makes Video Warning Followers About Possible Cruz Victory…Ends Up Looking Like Cruz Promo,"Does anyone remember a time in recent history that candidates in the Republican party caused so many hissy fits by the Left?// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Is Ted Cruz Scarier than Donald Trump?Trump may get the headlines, but Ted Cruz has got the game.Posted by AJ+ on Friday, 18 December 2015h/t Gerald Ewing",0
21203,"WATCH: PARENTS JAM MEETING ROOM To Denounce False Teachings, Indoctrination Of Islam In TN Public Schools","Many of the parents were not allowed to attend this meeting due to capacity restrictions. Why did larger venues refuse to host this controversial meeting? Were they afraid to allow American citizens to voice their concerns about the false teachings of Islam in the public schools? Are Americans and American businesses going to cower over the fear of being targeted by radical Muslims for fighting back against the indoctrination of Islam?BRENTWOOD, Tenn.   School board members in Brentwood, Tennessee received an education on the public s frustrations with Islam lessons in local schools during a radio station sponsored town hall Wednesday.Criticisms of the middle school text  My World History and Geography  centered mostly on the omission of negative aspects of the Muslim religion, and the appropriateness of the materials for students in sixth and seventh grades, Brentwood Homepage reports.The event was sponsored by Supertalk Radio and held in a  tiny room  at a Holiday Inn Express, where about 70 folks   including students, parents, teachers, lawmakers, school board members, and political pundits   huddled inside. Organizers reportedly turned some people away when the room reached capacity.Sunset Middle School seventh-grader Avery Noe pointed out during the meeting that lessons  exclude jihadist from Islam  and questioned why negative aspects of the religion aren t covered.Stewart County middle school teacher Kyle Mallory said teachers cover the materials they re given, focusing on what s expected on standardized tests, and asserted the issue with biased lessons on Islam stem from the state s textbook selection process. Mallory teaches in a different school district that rejected the  My World History and Geography  text, Fox 17 reports. Y all had a school board member from here come up to the textbook commission,  he said.  Nothing was done. It s not a teacher problem. We have (a state education) commissioner not doing her job, and I think the state legislature needs a no-confidence resolution. Mallory told Fox 17 the  My World History  text is  very biased, didn t tell the whole story. We need to make sure when we re teaching students in the classroom that we tell them the truth and the textbooks weren t,  Mallory said.Williamson County School Board member Beth Burgos told the Brentwood Homepage she joined the board because of textbook issues, and she backs a recent bill introduced by state Rep. Shelia Butt to postpone comparative religion courses until high school.Board member Susan Curlee believes the key to changing the way Islam is presented in schools, and to preventing unintentional indoctrination, lies with standardized tests. My biggest concern is testing,  she said.  When my daughter was in seventh grade, I was told they didn t want to teach Islam that way, but had to because 25 percent of the test was going to focus on Islam. As long as testing is the accountability metric, it could be this way. Curlee told Fox 17 the lessons her daughter learned about Islam while in Franklin Special School District last year presented a rosy picture of the religion, while glossing over important points. A lot of the things we hear about Mohammed and a lot of the warfare that was waged is very much sugar coated,  she said. My World History,  which is used by about 40 Tennessee school districts, also alleges Islam spreads peacefully, and that Christians and Muslims worship the same God. My concern is, are we going to be asking students on a test to potentially compromise their faith for the sake of a grade?  Curlee said.Tennessee state Sen. Jack Johnson, who also attended the town hall, told the Brentwood Homepage a lot of people share Curlee s concerns. I m concerned because I have three kids in Williamson County Schools,  Johnson said.  The possibility we could be advocating Islam in school and could be misrepresenting history had generated lots of calls and emails. I want to educate myself and learn more about it. Event organizers told the media they were forced to hold the town hall in the small Holiday Inn Express room because larger venues in the area refused to host the discussion. Via: EAG News",0
21204,Mostly White Group Of Boston College Students Sing Christmas Carols About Racism: ‘Walking Through a White Man’s Wonderland’,"What Catholic college campus would be complete without students who bastardize the lyrics to songs about the birth of Jesus Christ Tis the season to protest, apparently.A group of Boston College student  activists  that go by  Eradicate Boston College Racism  recently perverted the Christmas carol  Walking in a Winter Wonderland  to fit its  Twelve Days of BC Racism campaign,  Boston.com reports.The students distributed lyrics to their re-worked carol and attempted to deliver their rendition to the college s board of trustees during a luncheon Friday, Dec. 5. Rejected, they resorted to singing in the atrium in front of the building. And now we carol for accountability!  the group posted to Twitter Dec. 4, along with a video of their stunt.And now we carol for accountability! #12Days #BostonCollegeRacism #CJBC @bostoncollege pic.twitter.com/7DKuoONzhX  Eradicate BC Racism (@BCRacism) December 4, 2015Here are the lyrics to the song that is being sung by a mostly white chorus:Dear Trustees Are you listenin ? A real plan You are missin . Until you agree, And change we do see, We re walking through a white man s wonderland.Gone away, is our patience. Here to stay: demonstration. Deas tell us to trust But we know we must Keep walkin  through a white man s wonderland.In your meeting you can do some planning, Decide how you ll get us to settle down. If you say,  There s no problem.  We ll say,  No, Man? Try living on this campus If you re brown. More bad press You ll inspire If reforms, you do mire In mounds of red tape. You ll never escape. You re walkin  through a white man s wonderland. At the end of the demonstration, the members read a  wish list  for the board, which asked that a faculty member of color, a staff member of color, and a student of color be added to the board and given voting power,  Boston.com reports.Eradicate Boston College Racism s webpage also detailed the confrontation. After being denied permission to address the Board directly, students sang anti-racist carols from outside the doors to the luncheon in Gasson Hall 100 and presented three demands: 1. One voting student of color on the board, one faculty, one staff; 2. An action plan to address institutional racism supported by a budget (similar to those created at Yale University or Brown University); and 3. The presentation of the plan by representatives of the University at a Town Hall on January 19th, 2016 (the deadline set forth previously by the Executive Council of the Undergraduate Government of Boston College),  according to the site.""White emotional fragility has long been prioritized over black pain & anger in the American public sphere""#BCRacism https://t.co/6bloXu79v9  Eradicate BC Racism (@BCRacism) December 17, 2015No Leftist group in their right mind would ignore the incoming class of Freshman. Here, the Eradicate BC Racism group sends out a tweet in hopes of getting a jump on indoctrinating the young and malleable minds who ve been accepted to this prestigious Catholic college:Hey #BC2020, congrats on your early acceptance! If you choose to attend, we hope you'll join our work to eradicate #BostonCollegeRacism!  Eradicate BC Racism (@BCRacism) December 17, 2015The Left has managed to find a way to tie phony  climate change  to racism. What protest about  racism  would be complete without addressing  climate change? .@BClimateJustice ""what many have received as the issue of our time:a 21 century color line drawn by climate change"" https://t.co/jrfRIorwpz  Eradicate BC Racism (@BCRacism) December 14, 2015The racial justice warriors also posted a video and full text of a speech delivered by student Kwesi Aaron, as well as links to its other  Christmas  celebrations, including  BCPD is Comin  to Town,   Come All Ye Faithful,   I m Dreaming of Whiteness in Academia,   We Wish You a Day of Raciam (sic) Healing & White Accountability,   Have Yourself a Bureaucratic Christmas,   Roasting Admissions on an Open Fire,  Leahy Baby, Slip a Present Under the Tree, For Me,  and  It s Beginning to Look a Lot Like Justice. Via: EAG News",0
21205,SWEDEN IS ON BRINK OF COLLAPSE… Gun Purchases Are Way Up…Pepper Spray Selling Out…Muslims Beating Non-Muslims On Streets,"The politically correct country of Sweden paying a very big price for their kindness, generosity and open-borders policy This attack happened in Norrmalmstorg, Stockholm. The two Swedes told them not to vandalize flowerpots   and as a response they got beaten up for it.https://youtu.be/Rsn_1TO1kMUThis is indeed the future of Europe. By their irresponsible, short-sighted, suicidal immigration and refugee policies, Europe s political and media elites have ensured a future of violence, bloodshed and chaos for their people. Sweden, the future of Europe: people stock up on fire arms, police recommend vigilante groups ,  by Nicolai Sennels, 10News.dk, December 12, 2015 (thanks to TheReligionofPeace.com):This is a very interesting read, because the whole of Europe is heading the same way as Sweden. Sweden is, so to speak, the future of Europe. And in this future, those who can afford it pay security companies   the rest gest license for firearms and forms vigilante groups. via: Pamela Gellar You have to understand that Swedes are really scared when an asylum house opens in their village. They can see what has happened in other places.    Salesman for alarm systems.Since Parliament decided in 1975 that Sweden should be multicultural and not Swedish, crime has exploded. Violent crime has increased by over 300% and rapes have increased by an unbelievable 1,472%.The violence at the hands of Muslim migrants  is nothing new to Sweden. This horrific video was published in 2013:Many Swedes see the mass immigration as a forced marriage: Sweden is forced to marry a man she did not choose, yet she is expected to love and honor him, even though he beats her and treats her badly. Her parents (the government) tell her to be warm and show solidarity with him. Are the State and I now in agreement that our mutual contract is being renegotiated?    Alexandra von Schwerin, whose farm who was robbed three times. Police refused to help.Once upon a time, there was a safe welfare state called Sweden, where people rarely locked their doors.Now, this country is a night-watchman state   each man is on his own. When the Minister of Justice, Morgan Johansson, encourages breaking the law, it means opening the gates to anarchy. Mr. and Mrs. Swede have every reason to be worried, with the influx of 190,000 unskilled and unemployed migrants expected this year   equivalent to 2% of Sweden s current population. The number is as if 6.4 million penniless migrants who did not speak English arrived in U.S. in one year, or 1.3 million in Britain.And the Swedes are preparing: demand for firearms licenses is increasing; more and more Swedes are joining shooting clubs and starting vigilante groups. After a slight dip in 2014, the number of new gun permits has gone up significantly again this year. According to police statistics, there are 1,901,325 licensed guns, owned by 567,733 people, in Sweden. Add to this an unknown number of illegal weapons. To get a gun permit in Sweden, you need to be at least 18 years old; law-abiding; well-behaved, and have a hunting license or be a member of an approved shooting club. In 2014, 11,000 people got a hunting license: 10% more than the year before. One out of five was a woman. There is also a high demand for alarm systems right now,  says a salesman at one of the security companies in an interview with Gatestone. It is largely due to the turbulence we are seeing around the country at the moment.  People have lost confidence in the State, he added.  The police will not come anymore. Truck drivers say that when they see a thief emptying the fuel tank of their trucks, they run out with a baseball bat. It is no use calling the police, but if you hit the thief, you can at least prevent him from stealing more diesel. Many homeowners say the same thing: they sleep with a baseball bat under the bed. But this is risky: the police can then say you have been prepared to use force, and that might backfire on you. The salesman, who asked to remain anonymous, also spoke of Sweden s many Facebook groups, in which people in different villages openly discuss how they intend to protect themselves:  Sometimes you get totally freaked out when you see what they are writing. But you have to understand that Swedes are really scared when an asylum house opens in their village. They can see what has happened in other places. One blog, detailing the consequences for the local population when an asylum facility opens, is aptly named Asylkaos ( Asylum Chaos ). There is a list of companies the reader is prompted to boycott; the blog claims these businesses encourage the transformation of Sweden to a multicultural society, and are therefore considered  hostile to Swedes. At another security company, a salesman said that every time the Immigration Service buys or rents a new housing facility, his firm is swamped with calls.  The next day,  he said,  half the village calls and wants to buy alarm systems. Ronny Fredriksson, spokesman of the security company Securitas, said that the demand for home alarm systems first exploded about six years ago, when many local police stations were shut down and police moved to the main towns. This, he said, could result in response times of several hours.  More and more people now employ the services of our security guards. Shopping malls and stores in the city come together and hire guards. We are kind of like the  local beat  cops of old. Even though Securitas makes big money from the increased need for home security alarms and security guards, Fredriksson says they also are worried about the effect on society: The problem is that we too need the police. When our guards catch a burglar or a violent person, we call the police but the response times are often very long. Sometimes, the detainees get violent and quite rowdy. On occasion, the police have told us to release the person we have apprehended, if we have his identity, because they do not have a patrol nearby. Even before the massive influx of migrants in the fall of 2015, Swedes felt a need to protect themselves   and with good reason. Since the Parliament decided in 1975 that Sweden should be multicultural and not Swedish, crime has exploded. Violent crime has increased by more than 300%, and rapes have increased by an unbelievable 1,472%.The politicians, however, ignore the people s fear completely. It is never discussed. Instead, the people who express concern about what kind of country Sweden has become are accused of xenophobia and racism. Most likely, that is the reason more and more people are taking matters into their own hands, and protecting themselves and their families to the best of their ability.All the same, some people do not settle for that. It seems some people are trying to stop mass immigration to Sweden. Almost every day there are reports of fires being set at asylum houses. So far, miraculously, no one has been hurt.These fires are set not only by Swedes. On October 13, a 36-year-old woman living in Skellefte  was convicted of setting fire to the asylum facility in which she herself resided. The woman claimed she lit a candle and then fell asleep. Yet forensic evidence showed that a combustible fluid had been doused throughout the room, and the court found beyond a reasonable doubt that she herself had ignited the fire.The number of violent incidents at Sweden s Immigration Service facilities is now sky-high. In 2013, according to Dispatch International, at least one incident happened every day. When Gatestone Institute recently acquired the incident list for January 1, 2014 through October 29, 2015, that number had risen to 2,177 incidents of threats, violence and brawls   on average, three per day.The Swedish government, however, would apparently rather not talk about that. Foreign Minister Margot Wallstr m conceded, in an interview with the daily Dagens Nyheter that garnered international attention, that Sweden is, in fact, heading for a systemic breakdown: Most people seem to think we cannot maintain a system where perhaps 190,000 people will arrive every year. In the long run, our system will collapse. This welcome is not going to receive popular support. We want to give people who come here a worthy reception. Symptomatic of Swedish journalists, this statement was tucked away at the end of the article. The headline was about how the political party that is critical of immigration, the Sweden Democrats Party (Sverigedemokraterna), is responsible for the asylum-housing fires. But foreign media, such as The Daily Mail and Russia Today, picked up Wallstr m s warning about a systemic collapse and ran it as the urgent news it actually is.Nevertheless, in official Sweden, the imminent collapse is ignored. Instead, journalists exclusively focus on attacks by supposedly  racist  Swedes on refugee centers. To prevent new fires, the Immigration Service decided on October 28 that from now on, all asylum facilities would have secret addresses. And meager police resources will now be stretched even further   to protect asylum seekers. Police helicopters will even patrol refugee centers. But considering there are only five helicopters available, and that Sweden s landmass is 407,340 square km (157,274 square miles), this gesture is effectively empty.At a meeting with the Nordic Council in Reykjavik, Iceland, on October 27, Sweden s Prime Minister, Stefan L fven, was questioned by his Nordic colleagues about the situation in Sweden. L fven had recently said that,  We should have the option of relocating people applying for asylum in Sweden to other EU-countries. Our ability, too, has a limit. We are facing a paradigm shift.  That comment led a representative of Finland s Finns Party (Sannfinl ndarna) to wonder, with a hint of irony, how mass immigration to Sweden, which for years Swedish politicians have touted as being so profitable, has now suddenly become a burden.Another Finns Party representative, Simon Elo, pointed out that the situation in Sweden is out of control.  Sweden has great abilities, but not even the Swedes have abilities that great,  Elo said.When L fven was asked how he is dealing with the real concerns and demands of the citizenry, his answer was laconic:  Of course I understand there is concern,  L fven said.  It is not easy. But at the same time   there are 60 million people on the run. This is also about them being our fellow men, and I hope that viewpoint will prevail. The daily tabloid Expressen asked L fven about the attacks on asylum facilities. He replied,  Our communities should not be characterized by threats and violence, they should be warm and show solidarity. As if such behavior can be forced.Many Swedes see mass immigration as a forced marriage: Sweden is forced to marry a man she did not choose, yet she is expected to love and honor him even though he beats her and treats her badly. And on top of that, her parents (the government) tell her to be warm and show solidarity with him.More and more Swedish commentators are now drawing the same conclusion: that Sweden is teetering on the brink of collapse. Editorial columnist Ivar Arpi of the daily Svenska Dagbladet, wrote an astonishing article on October 26, about a woman named Alexandra von Schwerin and her husband. The couple lives on the Skarhults Estate farm in Sk ne in southern Sweden; they have been robbed three times. Most recently, they were robbed of a quad bike, a van and a car. When the police arrived, von Schwerin asked them what she should do. The police told her that they could not help her.  All our resources are on loan to the asylum reception center in Trelleborg and Malm ,  they said.  We are overloaded right now. So I suggest you get in touch with the vigilante group in Esl v. What the police had called a  vigilante group  turned out to be a group of private business owners. In 2013, after being robbed more or less every night, they had decided to come together and start patrolling the area themselves. Currently, they pay a security firm to watch their facilities. On principal, I am totally against it,  von Schwerin said.  What are the people who cannot afford private security to do? They will be unprotected. I m sure I will join, but very, very reluctantly. For the first time, I feel scared to live here now. Are the State and I now in agreement that our mutual contract is being renegotiated? Commenting on the police s encouraging people to join vigilante groups, social commentator and former Refugee Ombudsman Merit Wager wrote: So, the Swedes are supposed to arrange and pay for their own and their families  security and keep their farms from being subjected to theft, even though that has up to now been included in the social contract   for which we pay high taxes, to have police we can count on to protect us and apprehend criminals?! When did the social contract expire? October 2015? Without any notice of termination, since the tax-consuming party is not fulfilling its part of the deal? This should mean that our part of the deal   to pay taxes for public, joint services   has also become invalid? If the social contract is broken, it is broken. Then it is musical chairs (lawlessness, defenselessness, without protection), and that means that each and every one of us should pay less taxes. Ilan Sad , lawyer and social commentator, wrote about the refugee chaos at Malm  Central Train Station on the blog Det Goda Samh llet on October 27:  The authorities no longer honor the social contract.  He described four large signs on display around the station that read  Refugee? Welcome to Malm !  in four different languages. It is unclear who the sender of the message is, or, for that matter, who is in charge of the reception facility   a number of barracks by the old post office in the inner harbor. Everything is utterly confusing. It could be Malm  City or the Immigration Service, but it might as well be  Refugees Welcome,  or possibly a religious community. I think to myself that a government agency could not reasonably write like this, a correct and pertinent sign would say something like:  Asylum seekers are referred to the barracks for information and further transport.  But I am probably wrong; Malm  City is the chief suspect communicant.   The signs in and around the Central Station are symptoms of something incredibly serious: Role confusion and the decay of the constitutional state. And thus, that our authorities no longer honor the social contract. In a post called Anarchy, blogger Johan Westerholm, who is a Social Democratic Party member and a critic of the government, wrote that the Minister for Justice and Migration, Morgan Johansson, is now urging authorities to  be pragmatic  about laws and regulations (concerning asylum housing for so-called unaccompanied refugee children). Westerholm stated that this is tantamount to the government  opening the gates to anarchy : Our country is founded on law; Parliament legislates and the courts apply these. Morgan Johansson s statement and his otherwise passive approach are testimony to how this, our kind of democracy, may fade into a memory very shortly. He now laid the first brick in the building of a state that rests on other principles. Anarchism. If anarchy really does break out, it would be good to remember that there are nearly two million licensed firearms in Sweden. Sweden s shooting clubs have seen a surge in interest; many are welcoming a lot of new members lately. Via: Gatestone Institute",0
21206,THINGS GET UGLY WHEN IRAQ VETERAN Confronts Terrorist Sympathizers Protesting On Street Corner [VIDEO],"***Language Warning***This video will make your blood boil. My heart bleeds for this veteran who bravely pulled over to confront these terrorist sympathizers. The veteran was simply asking them to turn the US flag right side up. The terrorist sympathizers refused to turn the flag over and were actually dragging the flag on the ground during the confrontation.You will see a man in an orange jacket wearing a hat that says  Navy Seal.  After watching this video, you can decide for yourself, but we think he is an imposter. Notice that when asked if he is a veteran by the cameraman, the man in the orange jacket quickly realizes he is wearing a Navy Seal hat and removes it from his head. It s hard to believe a Navy Seal veteran would be standing on the corner with these punks protesting the imprisonment of terrorists by our government.Watch and decide for yourself:I wish I knew this Iraq veteran. I would love to shake his hand and  thank  him for his service in Iraq and for defending our flag at home ",0
21207,HERE’S THE LIST OF People We Elected Who Just Made Our Nation Less Safe While Adding $1.1 Trillion To The Taxpayer’s Tab," If you re like us, you either made a donation, knocked on doors, or called voters on behalf of a Republican candidate in the 2014 election. Maybe you did all three things. Is the candidate you worked so hard to get elected or re-elected on this list? We were very disappointed to see the name of the candidate we supported for US Rep in MI on the list of  Yea s.  We also know we won t be working so hard to help him with his re-election bid next time around. Only ONE Representative in the entire state of MI, Justin Amash (R-MI) actually stood up against the establishment and said  NO, we re not gonna take it anymore! Please take the time to look through this list and contact your US Representative or US Senator. Let them know the next time they look to you for support of their re-election, that you don t help people who sell out our nation.It s worth noting, that Marco Rubio didn t even bother to vote on one of the most critical spending and national security bills in our nation s history! If he can t be bothered to vote on such a critical bill, how can he be bothered with representing our nation in the most powerful position in our government? Conservative presidential candidate, Senator Ted Cruz (R-TX) voted against this insane bill. He criticized the legislation in a statement after the vote, saying it  effectively forfeits our massive Republican victories of 2014 and cements Obama s priorities for nearly the full remainder of his term. For a quick look at how the passage of this bill will harm the security of Americans, while adding a huge debt to our children and grandchildren s future, click HERE.Here is how our US Senators voted on the Omnibus spending bill:",0
21208,HOW OBAMA Is Putting Terrorist Boots On The Ground,"Every American should be demanding answers about why Barack Hussein Obama is in such a hurry to empty Gitmo before he leaves office. Illegal alien prisoners are being released at an unprecedented rate. Our borders are being left wide open by a President who s demanded our US Border Agents stand down. Visas are being given to people coming here with the sole intention of harming innocent Americans. Law enforcement has been ridiculed and weakened by a spiteful racist and his willing accomplices in the media. What do we need to do to alert the Kim Kardashian followers our United States of America  is intentionally being destroyed by a radical in the White House?National Security: The Pentagon has cleared the release of 17 more terrorist detainees from Guantanamo Bay prison. President Obama puts jihadist boots on the ground before mobilizing U.S. troops in the Middle East.A congressional aide told Fox News on Thursday that the White House s strategy in the decision this week to set free more terrorist prisoners from the Gitmo facility in U.S.-controlled territory in Cuba is to get the number of detainees there to  as low as they can get,  even if it means  a good deal of risk.  The underlying reason is that closing Gitmo was a major Obama campaign promise in 2008, and he doesn t want to leave office with it still open.But the promise was to close it in 2009. Upon taking office, however, Obama found himself faced with the fact that Gitmo was a rather brilliant idea that the Bush administration came up with to prevent captured terrorists from exploiting the U.S. legal system.The spectacle of U.S. courts setting terrorists free, after trials in which the jihadists  American legal teams might actually get access to and make public sensitive classified information, was not anything for which Obama wanted to be blamed. He seems amenable, however, to his successor having nowhere to hold captured terrorists.Release of the 17 supposedly  low-level  combatants, many of them from Yemen, where war rages, brings the number of Gitmo prisoners down to 90. We were told that  Osama bin Laden s cook,  Ibrahim al-Qosi, released by Obama from Gitmo in 2012, was low-level, but now he cooks up terrorist operations as a celebrity leader of al-Qaida in Yemen.The Pentagon is going along with this politicized emptying of the Guantanamo Bay holding facility. And the decision coming right after an Islamic State-inspired Christmas party attack within the homeland, which slaughtered 14 innocent Americans, suggests the U.S. military leadership has become a group of puppets.A major reason for former Republican Sen. Chuck Hagel s forced departure as Obama s defense secretary last year after a brief tenure, let s not forget, was his hesitation in approving Gitmo releases.In last week s GOP presidential debate, it was a woman who promised that she would  immediately  reverse Obama s emasculation of the Pentagon. Carly Fiorina pledged to  bring back the warrior class   Petraeus, McChrystal, Mattis, Keane, Flynn   every one was retired early because they told President Obama things that he didn t want to hear. Obama calls Gitmo  a sad chapter in American history,  but it was almost comic when the worst complaint Shaker Aamer, released from Gitmo in October after nearly 14 years, could tell of in a British TV interview was  they just suck all your feelings out of you,  adding that  torture is not about beating. Torture is not about hanging from the ceiling with handcuffs and all that     all that  presumably being three square halal meals a day, courtesy of the U.S. taxpayer.Curiously,  The Most Transparent Administration in History  is now imposing new, severe restrictions on journalist access to Guantanamo Bay, with no more visits to the two detention centers where most detainees are housed, and no more interviews of guards and staff. Outgoing U.S. Southern Command chief Marine Gen. John Kelly told AP that the reason was:  We really did have to get some organization to what was going on down there.  After all these years?Under Obama, information on the frequency of prisoners assaulting guards and conducting hunger strikes has stopped being made public.It isn t torture or mistreatment that the Obama administration is hiding from the world s eyes within the walls of Guantanamo Bay; it s that what we have down there is a luxury resort to house terrorists, and that the president is incrementally releasing those soldiers of jihad back onto the battlefield   after America has spent years fattening them up. Via: IBD ",0
21209,ONLY IN DETROIT: Entitled Squatter Gets Squatted On [VIDEO],When karma bites ya  in the a*s ,0
21210,FOX NEWS REPORTER ASKS MAYOR Why She’s Using Taxpayer Money To Sue Family For Epic Christmas Light Display [VIDEO],"The drip drip drip of the Left ensuring Christmas is reduced to a quiet nonpublic celebration    This isn t a very good of taxpayer money, going after home owners for a few Christmas lights, is it?  Watters pressed.  I don t think Santa s going to be happy with you. While definitive information about the lawsuit wasn t offered up, Bendekovic did make it clear that she thinks that Watters is in no position to speak for Santa Claus. I don t think you should be voicing your opinion what Santa wants and what Santa doesn t want,  she shot back.According to the Sun Sentinel, the Hyatts have been battling with officials for years over the size and scale of the display, with the city   which considers it a nuisance   filing a lawsuit earlier this year to stop it.After years of arguing with the Hyatts to scale back the display, the city sued this year to quash the spectacle, which officials consider a neighborhood nuisance. A scheduled hearing did not take place over the summer as planned and has not yet been rescheduled.In addition to the lawsuit, the family claims on its official website that it faces $250 per day in fines for continuing the show, citing  government interference  as being at the root of the dispute. Here s a portion of a petition that is posted on the  Hyatt Extreme Christmas  website:By signing this petition, you show your support for Hyatt Extreme Christmas, a 20 year-old tradition, which has been entertaining, inspiring and motivating families from around Plantation and South Florida.The Hyatt s take great joy in creating memories for children both young and old during this special time of year. Our community can see our display of more than 200,000 lights for FREE. We give back to our community by raising awareness and funds for charitable partners such as Humane Society, Broward Food Bank and Support for the Military working with the Red Cross  Holiday Cards for Heroes .Despite facing legal woes, the Hyatts are back at it this year, bringing their display to the masses. The husband and wife duo took Watters through the display, and he interviewed some locals who fully support it. They re just not making money on this and they wanted money from us,  he said, claiming that city officials wanted the family to charge admission for the free display.  When we wouldn t give it to them, all the sudden we re in court. Via: The Blaze",0
21211,NEW ACCUSATION AGAINST BERNIE SANDERS Exposes Him As “The Other” Criminal Democrat,"By now, it s pretty clear that Bernie doesn t respect other people s possessions. His whole campaign is built on the concept of stealing what belongs to other people. This story should really come as no surprise to anyone Officials with the Democratic National Committee have accused the presidential campaign of Sen. Bernie Sanders of improperly accessing confidential voter information gathered by the rival campaign of Hillary Clinton, according to several party officials.Jeff Weaver, the Vermont senator s campaign manager, acknowledged that a staffer had viewed the information but blamed a software vendor hired by the DNC for a glitch that allowed access. Weaver said one Sanders staffer was fired over the incident.The discovery sparked alarm at the DNC, which promptly shut off the Sanders campaign s access to the strategically crucial list of likely Democratic voters.The DNC maintains the master list and rents it to national and state campaigns, which then add their own, proprietary information gathered by field workers and volunteers. Firewalls are supposed to prevent campaigns from viewing data gathered by their rivals.NGP VAN, the vendor that handles the master file, said the incident occurred Wednesday while a patch was being applied to the software. The process briefly opened a window into proprietary information from other campaigns, said the company s chief, Stu Trevelyan. He said a full audit will be conducted.The DNC has told the Sanders campaign that it will not be allowed access to the data again until it provides an explanation as well as assurances that all Clinton data has been destroyed.Having his campaign cut off from the national party s voter data is a strategic setback for Sanders   and could be a devastating blow if it lasts. The episode also raises questions about the DNC s ability to provide strategic resources to campaigns and state parties.Sanders spokesman Michael Briggs said four Sanders campaign staffers accessed Clinton data, and that three of them did so at the direction of their boss, Josh Uretsky, who was the operative fired.Uretsky told CNN Friday morning that he and others on the campaign discovered the software glitch Wednesday morning and probed the system to discover the extent of their own data s exposure. He said there was no attempt to take Clinton information but said he took responsibility for the situation. We investigated it for a short period of time to see the scope of the Sanders campaign s exposure and then the breach was shut down presumably by the vendor,  he told CNN.  We did not gain any material benefit. Weaver said the Sanders campaign never downloaded or printed any of the data, meaning it is no longer in possession of any proprietary information. He squarely blamed NGP VAN for the glitch   and blamed the DNC for hiring the company.He said the campaign has flagged similar problems with the software for the DNC in the past.For entire story: Washington Post",0
21212,"JESUS CHRIST IS STRIPPED From Christmas Celebrations In U.S. Schools, While MN Public School Students Sing “Allahu Akbar” At “Holiday” Concert","Does that mean Islam is not considered a faith in America?A school in Minnesota is at the center of controversy right now because the holiday concert included a song in Arabic which contained the phrase Allahu Akbar.CBS News reported:Parents Question Choice To Sing  Allahu Akbar  At Holiday ConcertSome parents in the Anoka-Hennepin School District are questioning a choir teacher s decision to use a song about Ramadan performed in Arabic at a holiday concert.At Thursday night s concert at Blaine High School, one of the songs students will be singing includes Arabic words, including the phrase  Allahu Akbar,  which means  God is great. Christian and Jewish songs will be performed as well, but the Ramadan song is getting all the attention.It started with a post on Facebook. A parent of a ninth-grade Blaine choir student posted the lyrics to the song the choir has been practicing. When others learned students would be singing the song on Thursday, the comments took a turn.One person posted,  No child should be forced to sing a song about the Muslims and the religion of hatred. Another parent, who didn t want to be identified, told WCCO phone that considering the recent events in Paris and San Bernardino, singing a song about Allah would be  insensitive. The Anoka- Hennepin School District said they have received about a dozen complaints about the song. Some are from parents, some are from people not even affiliated with the school.In light of recent events. this was a pretty dumb move on the school s part. Via: Progressives Today",0
21213,Michael Moore Wants America To Know “We Are All Muslim”…Even Though We’re A Majority Christian Nation,"No dumb ass  we are actually NOT all Muslims! Last time I checked we were still a majority Christian nation, and no leftist clown is going to tell us otherwise!One thing you can say about Michael Moore he s consistently on the wrong side of every issue. The Left is more than happy to line his pockets, as long as he represents an anti-American position.Hyper-liberal Oscar-winning documentary filmmaker Michael Moore challenged Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump by holding a sign reading  We Are All Muslim  outside Trump Tower on Wednesday before penning an open letter to the candidate on Facebook.In his letter, Moore, who recently offered his Michigan apartment to Syrian refugees before inviting his fans to open their own homes, claimed he and Trump met on a talk show in 1998 and the billionaire businessman had asked him not to  go after  him. I thought, what are we, in 3rd grade?  Moore wrote.  I was struck by how you, a self-described tough guy from Queens, seemed like such a fraidey-cat. You and I went on to do the show. Nothing untoward happened between us. I didn t pull on your hair, didn t put gum on your seat.  What a wuss,  was all I remember thinking as I left the set. Moore added that Trump is now similarly afraid of Muslims, after proposing a temporary ban on all Muslim immigration to America  until our country s representatives can figure out what is going on. Moore wrote:And now, here we are in 2015 and, like many other angry white guys, you are frightened by a bogeyman who is out to get you. That bogeyman, in your mind, are all Muslims. Not just the ones who have killed, but ALL MUSLIMS.Fortunately, Donald, you and your supporters no longer look like what America actually is today. We are not a country of angry white guys. Here s a statistic that is going to make your hair spin: Eighty-one percent of the electorate who will pick the president next year are either female, people of color, or young people between the ages of 18 and 35. In other words, not you. And not the people who want you leading their country.The filmmaker then asked Trump to  leave the rest of us alone so we can elect a real president who is both compassionate and strong. We are all Muslim. Deal with it,  Moore concluded.Moore has become increasingly vocal about his dislike for the Republican frontrunner; last week, he invited Facebook followers to report Trump for  hate speech  in an effort to have him banned from the social media service.In an interview with the Daily Beast the day before his latest stunt, Moore said Trump should embrace his  female side. All men have estrogen in them. We all have a bit of estrogen in us. Sometimes, I ve noticed in our gender the guys who have to do a lot of huffing and puffing, they may be better embracing the female side of themselves,  Moore told the outlet.  They may be a little happier. He might be one of those people. Via: Breitbart NewsIf you re interested, you may read Moore s full letter to Trump here.",0
21214,PAUL RYAN Won’t Fund Border Fence For US Citizens…But Check Out The Fence Around His Mansion,"Ryan has never made any secret about his desire to welcome immigrants to America. How many will live with him in his large family home in the confines of his fenced in compound? A recent Breitbart News investigation reveals that Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI), who has a two-decade-long history of promoting open borders immigration policies, seems to support border fences for himself, even as he denies the American people those same protections.While Paul Ryan s omnibus spending bill does not provide funding for the mandatory completion of a 700-mile double-layer border fence that Congress promised the American people nearly a decade ago when it passed the 2006 Secure Fence Act, Paul Ryan has constructed a fence around his property.As Breitbart News s photographic documentation reveals, Ryan s home is surrounded by a tall border fence reinforced by equally high bushes  ensuring both privacy and security. Moreover, the fence is manned by an on-duty agent who guards his property s perimeter. Upon even the slightest appearance of any unusual activity  such as a 5 2  female taking a photograph of the fence  Ryan s border agent will deploy into action to ensure the perimeter s sovereignty.Over the course of the past six months, there has been heightened national focus on Americans  desire for a border fence following the GOP presidential frontrunners  call for a border wall. A Rasmussen Reports survey released in August of this year found that likely Republican voters, by greater than a 4-1 margin, support Donald Trump s plan to build a border wall (70 percent vs. 17 percent). Amongst all likely voters, a majority (51 percent) support building the border wall.Congress promised the American people a 700-mile border fence in the 2006 Secure Fence Act. However, funding for the project was subsequently gutted and, as a result, construction was never completed.While Paul Ryan s $1.1 trillion year-end omnibus spending package was able to allocate funding for immigration programs that benefit foreign nationals  such as federal grants for lawless sanctuary cities and the U.S. resettlement tens of thousands of refugees  his bill does not require an allotment of funds be spent on the completion of the 700-mile-long fence that the American voters were promised.Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL)has previously highlighted the hypocrisy of immigration expansionists who surround their homes with border fences and monitor who comes on their property but do not apparently believe the American people deserve the same protections. Sessions pointed specifically to open borders advocate Mark Zuckerberg who, according to reports, spent $30 million buying the surrounding four homes around his own property in order to get  a little more privacy. Sessions said,  Well, the  masters of the universe  are very fond of open borders as long as these open borders don t extend to their gated compounds and fenced-off estates. On previous occasions, Ryan has repeatedly suggested that the American people are not entitled to discriminate against who enters their country on a visa. When Sean Hannity asked Paul Ryan about whether or not he would support curbs to Muslim immigration, Paul Ryan declared,  That s not who we are. However, Ryan s fence ensures that no refugees will be able to enter his property without his permission  even as U.S. communities are not able to make any such restrictions.In 2013, when Ryan traveled with Rep. Luis Gutierrez (D-IL)to stump for Sen. Marco Rubio s (R-FL) immigration agenda, Ryan declared that America  is more than our borders  and that the U.S. ought to have an  open door  system where foreign nationals can come and go as they please. America is more than just a country,  Ryan said.  It s more than Chicago, or Wisconsin. It s more than our borders. America is an idea. It s a very precious idea. Ryan disparaged Americans who opposed large-scale immigration, characterizing that attitude as ignorant, declaring that throughout American history,  Each wave [of immigration] is met with some ignorance, is met with some resistance. Ryan said,  We want to have a system where people can come here and work  go back and forth if they want to  so that we have an open door to the people who want to come and contribute to our country, who want to come and make a difference in their families  lives, and our economy.  Via: Breitbart News",0
21215,WALMART MAKES SENIOR VETERAN Greeter Remove Military Cap…Okay For Muslim Employee To Wear This,"Lee Young, owner of Hitman Firearms posted this incredible story to his Facebook page. His story is a perfect example of a country who has gone so far left with their political correctness, that many of us barely recognize it anymore. Kudos to Lee for not only standing up for this veteran, but for taking the time to document this insane double standard. People everywhere need to do what Lee has done. If you see something, say something. And don t be afraid to tell your fellow Americans what you are witnessing. We must all come together to stop this madness.From Lee Young s Facebook page:Share if this bothers you as much as it did me ..Okemos, MichiganIt s long but I promise it s worth the read.No better way to make my blood boil!So for the past however long I can remember there has been a older gentleman by the name of Val who is a greeter at Walmart. This man is a Veteran and very proud to be. You don t need to know him or even speak to him, although I thank him for his service every time I see him, because he illustrates his pride through the highly decorated Veteran baseball cap he wears or .used to wear.One day I as I walked in I noticed a bright blue Walmart hat on his head with all the military pins that once adorned his wore out faded military cap and I asked him about it. We both had tears in our eyes as I wished him a blessed day and shook his hand before I left. His reply was simple and full of hurt,  corporate will not allow me to wear that hat anymore while on the clock, because it goes against the dress code .I was so furious that I demanded to talk to a manager that day and I m sure she will never forget my face or the angry words that I shared with her. Since then I try not to ever shop at Walmart unless there is no other choice.Today was one of them days that I needed something and stopped into the Okemos Walmart. As I m standing in line to pay this woman in her Walmart vest steps into line behind me and immediately I was outraged! So one of our own who signed his life away to protect our freedoms and homeland cannot wear his simple old hat but this woman can wear a headscarf proclaiming her love of the Muslim culture and her dedication to Allah!? Kiss my ass Walmart!!!!HERE is the link to his Facebook page",0
21216,BARACK OBAMA Finds Friend In “Fundamental Transformation Of America”: Shocking Way Ryan Betrayed Americans With $1.1 Trillion Bill,"Funding for Sanctuary Cities, benefits for illegal aliens, fully funded refugee programs, quadruples number of work visas for foreigners, release of criminal aliens, tax credits for illegal aliens, locking in huge spending increases, making America less safe and more Rep. Paul Ryan s first major legislative achievement is a total and complete sell-out of the American people masquerading as an appropriations bill.Too harsh, you say? Let the programs, the spending, and the implications speak for themselves.(1) Ryan s Omnibus Fully Funds DACAThough much of the public attention has surrounded the President s 2014 executive amnesty, the President s 2012 amnesty quietly continues to churn out work permits and federal benefits for hundreds of thousands of illegal aliens. Paul Ryan s bill funds entirely this 2012 executive amnesty for  DREAMers or illegal immigrants who came to the country as minors.Specifically, Division F of Ryan s omnibus bill contains no language that would prohibit the use of funds to continue the President s unconstitutional program. Obama s executive action, known as Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA), has granted around 700,000 illegal aliens with work permits, as well as the ability to receive tax credits and federal entitlement programs. A recent GAO report documented how this illegal amnesty program for alien youth is, in large part, responsible for the illegal alien minor surge on our southern border.In 2013, Paul Ryan said that it is his job as a U.S. lawmaker to put himself in the shoes of  the DREAMer who is waiting  and work to find legislative solutions to his or her problems.(2) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Sanctuary CitiesFive months ago, 32-year-old Kate Steinle was bleeding to death in her father s arms. She was gunned down in broad daylight by a five-time deported criminal alien whose presence in the country was the direct result of San Francisco s refusal to comply with U.S. immigration law yet Paul Ryan s omnibus rewards these lawless Sanctuary Cities with federal grants. Division B Title II of Ryan s omnibus funds various grant programs for the Department of Justice (pages 167, 168, and 169) and contains no language that would restrict the provision of such grants to sanctuary jurisdictions.In a Congressional hearing, Steinle s father demanded Congressional action and recalled his daughter s dying words:  Help me, Dad. (3) Ryan s Omnibus Funds All Refugee ProgramsDespite broad support amongst Republican lawmakers for a proposal introduced by Rep. Brian Babin (R-TX)to halt all refugee resettlement, Ryan s appropriations bill will fund President Obama s refugee resettlement operation and will allow for the admission of tens of thousands of refugees with access to federal benefits. Division H Title II of Ryan s bill contains appropriations of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and contains no language that would restrict the program. Nor are there any restrictions for the program in Division K of Ryan s bill, which provides funding for the Department of State, which oversees refugee admissions.Ryan is not one of the 84 cosponsors of Babin s bill to halt the refugee operation, and he recently told Sean Hannity that he does not support halting resettlement because,  We re a compassionate country. The refugees laws are important laws.  Similarly, this outcome represents a legislative win for Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), who told Sean Hannity he d  hate to use  Congress s power of the purse to deny funding for Obama s resettlement operation.(4) Ryan s Omnibus Funds All of the Mideast Immigration Programs That Have Been Exploited by Terrorists in Recent YearsAlthough multiple immigrant and visa programs in recent years have been exploited by terrorists (such as the F-1  student  visa, the K-1  fianc e  visa, and our green card and refugee programs), Ryan s proposal does nothing to limit admissions from jihadist-prone regions. As Senators Shelby and Sessions of Alabama noted in a joint statement:  The omnibus would put the U.S. on a path to approve admission for hundreds of thousands of migrants from a broad range of countries with jihadists movements over the next 12 months, on top of all the other autopilot annual immigration. (5) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Illegal Alien ResettlementOn page 917 of Ryan s omnibus a section titled  Refugee and Entrant Assistance  funds the President s resettlement of illegal immigrant border crossers.(6) Ryan s Omnibus Funds the Release of Criminal AliensSenior legislative aides tell Breitbart News that Ryan s bill does not do anything to change the enforcement priorities that Jeh Johnson established a little over a year ago that would shield entire categories of criminal aliens from immigration law, nor does it include language recommended by Sessions and Shelby to  deny the expenditure of funds to issue visas to countries that refuse to repatriate criminal aliens. (7) Ryan s Omnibus Quadruples H-2B Foreign Worker VisasDespite Ryan s pledge not to move an immigration compromise with President Obama, tucked 700 pages into Ryan s spending bill is language that would resuscitate and expand a controversial provision of the Schumer-Rubio Gang of Eight plan to increase the H-2B visa program.The provision  would quadruple the number of H-2B visas for unskilled guest workers, for a total of more than 250,000,  writes immigration attorney Ian Smith. The Americans who fill these jobs are typically  society s most vulnerable   including single women, the disabled, the elderly, minorities, teenagers, students, and first-generation immigrants,  Smith explains.A recent BuzzFeed expos  revealed how this program allows businesses to discriminate against American workers and  deliberately den[y] jobs to American workers so they can hire foreign workers on H-2 visas instead.  As one GOP aide told Breitbart News,  This provision is a knife in the heart of the working class, and African Americans. (8) Ryan s Omnibus Funds Tax Credits for Illegal AliensRyan s bill preserves the expansion of the President s expiring child tax credits without any accompanying language to prevent illegal aliens from receiving those tax credits. While Sen. Sessions attempted to include language in the bill that would prevent illegal immigrants from receiving tax credits, his recommendation was rejected.(9) Ryan s Omnibus Locks-In Huge Spending IncreasesThe bill funds the Obama-Boehner budget deal, which eliminated spending caps, and will increase both defense and non-defense spending next year by $25 billion more each.(10) Ryan s Omnibus Fails to Allocate Funds to Complete the 700-Mile Double-Layer Border Fence That Congress Promised the American PeopleNearly a decade ago with the passage of the 2006 Secure Fence Act, the American people were promised a 700-mile double-layer border fence. However, funding for the fence was later gutted and, as a result, its construction was never completed. Despite heightened media focus over the past six months about Americans  desire for this barrier to illegal entry, Ryan s bill does not require that funds be allocated to finish the construction of the 700-mile double-layer fence.A vote could occur as early as Thursday after midnight, giving lawmakers and the public only one full business day to review the 2,242 page package. The Ryan-Pelosi package represents nothing short of a complete and total betrayal of the American people.Yet Ryan s omnibus serves a second and equally chilling purpose. By locking in the President s refugee, immigration, and spending priorities, Ryan s bill is designed to keep these fights out of Congress by getting them off the table for good. Delivering Obama these wins and pushing these issues beyond the purview of Congress will suppress public attention to the issues and, in so doing, will boost the candidacy of the Republican establishment s preferred presidential contenders, who favor President Obama s immigration agenda.What may prove most discouraging of all to Americans is that recent reports reveal that conservatives in the so-called House Freedom Caucus are praising Ryan even as he permanently locks in these irreversible and anti-American immigration policies. According to Politico, the House Freedom Caucus will  give Ryan a pass  even as he funds disastrous policies that prioritize the interests of foreign nationals and global corporatists above the needs of the American people whom lawmakers are supposed to represent. Via: Breitbart News",0
21217,Baltimore Braces For Chaos: Mistrial Declared In Freddie Gray Case,"The jurors in the Freddie Gray case were deadlocked so the judge asked them to continue deliberating. In the end, they just couldn t come up with a verdict. It didn t take long for protests to break out in front of the courthouse get ready for chaos once again in Baltimore BALTIMORE (RNN)   The judge declared a mistrial in the case of an officer charged in connection with the death of Freddie Gray after the jury failed to reach a verdict following deliberations over the course of three days.Freddie Gray jurors deadlocked, judge says keep deliberating William Porter was the first of six Baltimore police officers on trial. He was charged with manslaughter, second-degree assault, reckless endangerment and misconduct in office. Gray was injured after being taken into police custody and later died.A day before the mistrial, the judge ordered the jury to continue deliberating after they reported they had not reached a verdict. The jury sent a note to the judge that they were deadlocked. Deliberations began on Monday.Demonstrations broke out downtown within minutes of the announcement of the verdict, and law enforcement officers tried to disperse crowds that were blocking traffic.Tessa Hill-Aston, president of the Baltimore chapter of the NAACP, expected citywide protests Wednesday night. As much respect as I have for police, in this case Freddie is dead, and it didn t have to be that way,  Hill-Aston said.  Officer Porter admitted Freddie asked for help, and he didn t give it to him. At the end of the day, whenever someone asks for medical help and didn t get it, maybe Freddie could still be alive. Gray suffered neck and spinal cord injuries while in the back of the van on April 12. That resulted in his death one week later after falling into a coma.The van made several stops with Gray inside. Porter admitted in testimony last week he did not immediately call for a medic when Gray initially asked for help during the fourth stop.Prosecutors argued Porter ignored Gray s pleas for medical help and that Porter, who was driving the police transport van, went against department policy by not securing Gray properly in the back of the vehicle.Baltimore City Attorney Marilyn Mosby   who said Gray died from being handcuffed, shackled and unrestrained   ruled the death a homicide and charged the officers on May 1.Prosecutors must now decide whether to try Porter again. Each officer charged was scheduled to have separate trials.Via: kmov",0
21218,GERMAN COURT RULES “Sharia Police” Patrolling City Streets Did NOT Break Law…INSANE Video Shows Muslim Men Patrolling Streets,"These videos are very disturbing. Americans are headed down this path if we don t fight back against the Left who put political correctness before our national security A German court has ruled that Islamists who patrolled a city s streets as  Sharia police  did not break the law and will not be prosecuted.Here is what a Sharia Patrol looks like:Nine were arrested in September 2014 after patrolling streets in Wuppertal, western Germany. They wore bright orange jackets with the words  Sharia police . They told passers-by not to frequent discos, casinos or bars.The court said they had not violated laws on uniforms and public gatherings.Prosecutors have now lodged an appeal.The group of Salafists   ultra-conservative Islamists   included Sven Lau, a preacher whose passport was seized this year after he visited Syria and a photo surfaced, showing him posing on a tank, with a Kalashnikov rifle slung around his neck. He is suspected of trying to recruit Muslims to join jihadists fighting in Syria or Iraq and has spent some time in prison previously. He said he had gone to war-torn Syria in 2013 on a humanitarian mission.Sharia, the revealed, sacred law of Islam, governs all aspects of a Muslim s life.The group s appearance at night in Wuppertal, in the industrial Ruhr region, triggered sharp criticism in Germany. A film of their  patrol  appeared on YouTube:The action was condemned by the Central Council of Muslims in Germany, who said it was  harmful to Muslims .The group also carried notices proclaiming in English a  Sharia Controlled Zone . The notices spelled out prohibitions like those in force in some Gulf Arab countries, outlawing alcohol, drugs, gambling, music and concerts, pornography and prostitution. Activists in the anti-Islam Pegida movement   campaigning to stop immigration to Germany   demonstrated in Wuppertal last year. They have staged regular marches against  the Islamisation of Germany  nationwide. Via: BBC",0
21219,CHURCH REPLACES JESUS In Nativity Scene With Drowned Muslim Syrian Boy,"Because the tragic drowning of this Muslim Syrian boy (who was not really facing persecution) is apparently infinitely more important to the Left than celebrating the birth of Jesus Christ. But we already knew that Worse yet, is the fact that the family of the boy who drowned was not even escaping persecution. Unfortunately, the mainstream media neglected to tell the world that the boy s father was coming to Europe to get his teeth fixed. Click HERE for entire story. A church in Madrid has decided to recreate the nativity scene using the image of drowned Syrian child Aylan Kurdi to highlight the plight of migrants.The photo of the drowned toddler went viral in September, and as Breitbart London reported yesterday, helped change the tone of the debate around Europe s ongoing migrant crisis in favour of the  refugees  trope.Now The Local reports that a group called  Mensajeros de la Paz  (Messengers of Peace) have incorporated the image into a nativity scene at the San Anton church in the Chueca district of Madrid.The church already has an ultra-liberal reputation, allowing pets to attend Mass and streaming live-feeds on huge widescreen TVs. The faithful can also go to Confession via an iPad app.In the nativity scene, Aylan takes the place of the baby Jesus while his parents act as Mary and Joseph. The stable becomes a refugee tent, while the floor is a map of Europe with the main routes taken by migrants.It was designed by Spanish artist Ikella Alonso for Messengers of Peace, a charity founded by priest  ngel Garc a Rodr guez in 1962 that has been dealing with the migrant crisis.The image has appeared throughout the media since September. Speaking on the its effectiveness, Dr Claire Wardle, research director at the Tow Centre for Digital Journalism at Colombia University, said:  2015 was the year the Syrian refugee crisis hit the European consciousness, but it s easy to forget that this was not the case before the Aylan Kurdi image. In April, over 700 refugees and migrants lost their lives when their boat capsized off Lampedusa. After one day of coverage, the story disappeared, despite the tragic loss of life. The photo of Aylan Kurdi galvanised the public in a way that hours of broadcasts and thousands of column inches wasn t able to do. It has created a frame through which subsequent coverage has been positioned and compared.  Via: Breitbart News",0
21220,"[VIDEO] Mooch Will Give Barack Work Out Gear…You Know, So He Can Workout With What? 2 Lb Weights? WATCH FLASHBACK VIDEO","Mooch is asked about what she will get her weak-kneed husband for Christmas: He s going to get some workout stuff. It s not going to be very interesting this year, honey. Sorry. Here s Barry hitting the gym. By the looks of this video, work out gear is the last thing he needs. Maybe a personal trainer, but not workout gear:",0
21221,86 YR OLD BARBARA WALTERS Tells 40 Yr Old ‘American Sniper’ Star Bradley Cooper: “I find you very screwable.’,"Real journalism ended a long time ago, but this is a new low even for leftist Barbara Walters. Just embarrassing He was named People s Sexiest Man Alive back in 2011. And Bradley Cooper proved just why he had that honour as women of all different ages desire him.The 40-year-old actor may have received a bit more attention than he was expecting from Barbara Walters recently during her 10 Most Fascinating People of 2015 special.Bradley seemed to be the apple of the 86-year-old journalist s eye, as according to People, she told him during the interview:  I could just sit and stare at you but that would take too much time.  But I, I find you very screwable. After making the surprising admission, the television host commented on his looks as she said:  I think you re handsome, I think you re sexy. The Silver Linings Playbook star definitely seemed to be bashful as he was grateful for the compliments and says:  I think that I ve grown to stop thinking about it. But sometimes I feel better than others. Yeah, I think it has a lot to do with feeling comfortable with yourself. Bradley definitely seems to be very comfortable in his own skin as he added:  And I know that I m more comfortable with myself than I ve ever been in my life, so maybe that makes me more attractive.  Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
21222,DNC Chair Asks Democrat Members Of Congress To “Bring A Muslim” To State Of Union…,"Debbie Wasserman-Schultz didn t ask members of Congress to bring a relative of an American citizen murdered by an illegal alien to the last State Of The Union. She didn t ask them to bring a spouse of a police officer killed as a result of Obama s war on law enforcement. What about asking them to bring a Christian or Jewish family member from the San Bernardino Muslim Terror attack? Do they not qualify as  victims  Deb? It s odd how the Democrats pick and choose who does, and who doesn t qualify as a victim in the United States. Let s just hope no one wears a suicide vest Two senior Democratic lawmakers are asking their colleagues to bring a Muslim-American guest to the State of the Union in protest of Donald Trump s recent proposal to ban Muslims from entering the U.S.In a letter sent to House Democrats on Tuesday, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee, and Rep. Keith Ellison, the first Muslim elected to Congress, said lawmakers should bring Muslim-Americans to the Jan. 12 speech as a way to rebut anti-Muslim rhetoric. Over the past few weeks we have seen a shocking and alarming rise in hateful rhetoric against one particular minority population in our nation,  the pair wrote in an email obtained by POLITICO.  Leading political figures have made offensive and outrageous suggestions that we should create a national registry of all people of one particular faith and that we should prevent any person of that faith from even entering this great country. Donald Trump, the Republican front runner for the presidential nomination, said earlier this month that Muslims should be barred from entering the U.S. because of security concerns. The comments have been widely criticized by politicians across the political spectrum.Via: Politico",0
21223,HOLLYWOOD PORN DIRECTOR Makes Chappaquiddick Movie: Shows What Ted Kennedy “had to go through”,"Is there ever a time the Left isn t portrayed as the victim in Hollywood? The tragic 1969 car accident that left a young woman dead at the hands of late Sen. Ted Kennedy will make it to the big screen for a film that the project s producer says will show audiences what Kennedy  had to go through. According to The Hollywood Reporter, 50 Shades of Grey director Sam Taylor-Johnson has signed on to direct Chappaquiddick, which was recently named to the 2015 Blacklist.Project producer Mark Ciardi told THR Monday,  I ve done a lot of true life stories, many sports stories, but this one had a deep impact on this country. Everyone has an idea of what happened on Chappaquiddick and this strings together the events in a compelling and emotional way.Ciardi adds:  You ll see what he had to go through. While it is unclear who is the actual victim of the event in the film, Kennedy or 28-year-old Mary Jo Kopechne, who died, Chappaquiddick is described by THR as  a political thriller that unveils the true story of what is described as the seven most dramatic days of Senator Ted Kennedy s life. On the eve of the moon landing, Senator Kennedy becomes entangled in a tragic car accident that results in the death of former Robert Kennedy campaign worker Mary Jo Kopechne. The Senator struggles to follow his own moral compass and simultaneously protect his family s legacy, all while simply trying to keep his own political ambitions alive.The film is currently casting and is set to begin principal photography within a few months.For some context surrounding the events of the Chappaquiddick incident, on the evening of July 18, 1969, Democrat Sen. Edward  Ted  Kennedy had just left a party on the Massachusetts Island, when he drove his Oldsmobile off a bridge and into a pond after making a wrong turn.  Via: Breitbart News",0
21224,"BREAKING: VIDEO RELEASED Of Angry Leftist Mob Attacking Home Of Chicago Lawmaker With Rocks, Torches","If this had been a Tea Party group attacking Nancy Pelosi s home, it would have been international news Angry leftists with rocks, wood chunks and torches attacked a Chicago alderman s home this weekend. Once you start throwing objects, that crosses the line,  he said. He said there wasn t any major damage to the home, just debris near the windows and objects on the sidewalk.Alderman Cardenas provided a video of the attack to authorities:Three people landed behind bars Saturday night after mobbing a home owned by Ald. George Cardenas (12th) with rocks, pieces of wood and tiki torches, according to the alderman and police.The mob of more than 50 people was protesting police violence in the city, said Cardenas, who provided DNAinfo Chicago with a video clip shot outside the home, where his ex-wife, two daughters and his mother live.Police eventually arrested three protesters in the 2100 block of South Marshall.Efrain Montalvo, 23, of the 2600 block of West 22nd Place; Javier Ramos, a 29-year-old Des Plaines resident; and Billie Kincaid, a 25-year-old woman from the 1500 block of West Lunt Avenue, each stand charged with one misdemeanor count of mob action.Cardenas had been eating dinner with a friend across town when the mob rolled down 26th Street in Little Village and ended up in front of his house. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21225,"WHEN A GOVERNMENT PUTS IMMIGRANTS BEFORE CITIZENS: Swedish Citizens Have No Place To Live, No Jobs, Need To Carry Guns Everywhere They Go","Barack Obama and the Democrat party would like us to go the way of the Swedes. Do Americans have the fortitude to fight back against a government hell-bent on putting political correctness before national security?The Swedes see the welfare systems failing them. Swedes have had to get used to the government prioritizing refugees and migrants above native Swedes. There are no apartments, no jobs, we don t dare go shopping anymore [without a gun], but we re supposed to think everything s great.   Women and girls are raped by these non-European men, who come here claiming they are unaccompanied children, even though they are grown men.   You Cabinet Ministers live in your fancy residential neighborhoods, with only Swedish neighbors. It should be obligatory for all politicians to live for at least three months in an area consisting mostly of immigrants  [and] have to use public transport.    Laila, to the Prime Minister. Instead of torchlight processions against racism, we need a Prime Minister who speaks out against the violence  Unite everyone.   Do not make it a racism thing.    Anders, to the Prime Minister. In all honesty, I don t even feel they [government ministers] see the problems  There is no one in those meetings who can tell them what real life looks like.    Laila, on the response she received from the government.The recent double murder at IKEA in V ster s, where a man from Eritrea who had been denied asylum grabbed some knives and stabbed Carola and Emil Herlin to death, letters and emails poured into the offices of Swedish Prime Minister (PM) Stefan L fven. Angry, despondent and desperate Swedes have pled with the Social Democratic PM to stop filling the country with criminal migrants from the Third World or, they write, there is a serious risk of hatred running rampant in Sweden. One woman suggested that because the Swedish media will not address these issues, L fven should start reading foreign newspapers, and wake up to the fact that Sweden is sinking fast.During the last few decades, Swedes have had to get used to the government (left and right wing parties alike) prioritizing refugees and migrants above native Swedes. The high tax level (the average worker pays 42% income tax) was been accepted in the past, because people knew that if they got sick, or when they retired or otherwise needed government aid, they would get it.Now, Swedes see the welfare system failing them. More and more senior citizens fall into the  indigent  category; close to 800,000 of Sweden s 2.1 million retirees, despite having worked their whole lives, are forced to live on between 4,500 and 5,500 kronor ($545   $665) a month. Meanwhile, seniors who immigrate to Sweden receive the so-called  elderly support subsidy    usually a higher amount   even though they have never paid any taxes in Sweden.Worse, in 2013 the government decided that people staying in the country illegally have a right to virtually free health and dental care. So while the destitute Swedish senior citizen must choose between paying 100,000 kronor ($12,000) to get new teeth or living toothless, a person who does not even have the right to stay in Sweden can get his teeth fixed for 50 kronor ($6).The injustice, the housing shortage, the chaos surrounding refugee housing units and the sharp slide of Swedish students in PISA tests   all these changes have caused the Swedes to become disillusioned. The last straw was that Prime Minister L fven had nothing to say about the murders at IKEA.Gatestone Institute contacted to the Swedish government, to obtain emails sent to the Prime Minister concerning the IKEA murders. According to the  principle of public access to official documents,  all Swedes have the right to study public documents kept by authorities   with no questions asked about one s identity or purpose. The government, however, was clearly less than enthusiastic about sharing the emails: It took a full month of reminders and phone calls before they complied with the request.What follows are excerpts from emails sent from private citizens to Prime Minister Stefan L fven:From Mattias, a social worker and father of four,  a dad who wants my kids to grow up in Sweden the way I had the good fortune of doing, without explosions, hand grenades, car fires, violence, rape and murder at IKEA : Hi Stefan. I am a 43-year-old father of four, who is trying to explain to my children, ages 6-16, what is going on in Sweden. I am sad to say that you and your party close your eyes to what is happening in Sweden. All the things that are happening [are] due to the unchecked influx from abroad. You are creating a hidden hatred in Sweden. We are dissatisfied with the way immigration is handled in Sweden, from asylum housing to school issues. And it takes so long to get a job, many people give up before they even get close. Mattias Marcus, 21, wrote: Hi Stefan, I am one of the people who voted for you. I live in Helsingborg, still with my parents because there are no apartments available. I can see where I live that as soon as an old person moves out, eight foreigners immediately move in: they just bypass us young, Swedish people in line. With all that is going on in Sweden   rapes, robberies, the IKEA murders and so on   why aren t non-Swedes sent back to their countries when they commit crimes? Of course we should help refugees, but they should be the right kind of refugees.   I m sorry to say this, Stefan, but the Sweden Democrats should be allowed to rule for four years and remove the people who do not abide by the laws, and who murder or destroy young women s lives. It is horrible, I have a job that pays poorly because there are no jobs. Sweden has more people than jobs. Peter wrote: Esteemed Prime Minister. I am writing to you because I am very worried about the development in Swedish society. I am met daily by news of shootings, exploding hand grenades/bombs, beatings, rapes and murders. This is our Sweden, the country that, when you and I grew up, was considered one of the safest in the world. You, in your role as Prime Minister, have a responsibility to protect everyone in the land, regardless of whether they were born here or not. Unfortunately, I can see that you are not taking your responsibility seriously. I follow the news daily, and despite our now having suffered another act of madness, this time against a mother and son at IKEA, I do not see any commitment from you?  You should emphatically condemn the violent developments we see in this country, allocate resources to the police, customs and district attorneys to slow and fight back (not just build levees and overlook) criminal activity. Sebastian wrote: Hi Stefan! After reading about the horrible deed at IKEA in V ster s, I am now wondering what you are going to do to make me feel safe going to stores and on the streets of Sweden. What changes will there be to make sure this never happens again? Will immigration really continue the same way?  Benny wrote: Hi, I m wondering, why is the government quiet about such an awful incident? The whole summer has been characterized by extreme violence, shootings, knifings and explosions. The government needs to take vigorous action so we can feel safe.  Laila s subject line reads:  Is it supposed to be like this? Are we supposed to go outside without arming ourselves? Rape after rape occurs and no one is doing anything about it. I was born and raised in V rby G rd, but seven years ago, we had to move because we couldn t take the dogs out in the evenings due to the non-Europeans driving on the sidewalks. If you didn t move out of the way, they would jump out of the car and hit you. If you called the police, they do nothing   in a suburb of Stockholm. When my brother told some of these men off, a rocket (the kind you use at New Year s) appeared in his mailbox. You can imagine how loud the blast was. Women and girls are raped by these non-European men, who come here claiming they are unaccompanied children, even though they are grown men . It is easy to get weapons today, I wonder if that is what we Swedes need to do, arm ourselves to dare to go shopping. Well, now I am getting to what happened at a major department store: Two people were killed and not just killed, there is talk online of beheading. The Prime Minister will not say a word, but resources are allocated to asylum housings, a slap in the face for the relatives who just had two of their kin slain. Swedish newspapers will not say a word, but fortunately, there are foreign newspapers that tell the truth. We Swedes can t change apartments, we live five people in three bedrooms. Two of us are unemployed, looking, looking and looking for work. The only option is employment agencies. I m 50 years old, on part-time sick leave because of two chronic illnesses, I cannot run around from one place to another. But more and more asylum seekers keep coming in. There are no apartments, no jobs, we don t dare go shopping anymore, but we re supposed to think everything s great. Unfortunately, I believe the Prime Minister needs to start reading foreign newspaper to find out that Sweden is going under. I found out that the mass immigration costs billions every year, and the only thing the immigrants do is smoke waterpipes in places like V rby G rd. This is happening in other places too, of course. Now it s starting to spread; you will see that in the opinion polls, next time they are published. Soon, all Swedes will vote for the Sweden Democrats. They are getting more and more supporters every day. You Cabinet Ministers do not live in the exposed areas, you live in your fancy residential neighborhoods, with only Swedish neighbors. It should be obligatory for all politicians to live for at least three months in an area consisting mostly of immigrants, the car should be taken from you so you d have to use public transport.   After three months, you would see my point. I am scared stiff of what is happening in this country. What will the government do about this? Anders wrote: Hi Stefan, why don t you, as our Prime Minister, react more against all the violence that is escalating in our country? [Such as] the double murder at IKEA in V ster s. Add to that the bombings and other things happening in Malm . Instead of torchlight processions against racism, we need a Prime Minister who speaks out against the violence, who says that it s wrong no matter which ethnic group is behind it or at the receiving end of it. Because all the people living in Sweden are Swedish, right? A torchlight procession against racism only highlights the fact that it s immigrants committing these crimes. What we need now is a clear signal from our popularly elected [officials] that violence needs to stop now. Sweden is supposed to be a haven away from violence. I m asking you as our Prime Minister, take a stand against the violence. Unite everyone in Sweden into one group and do not make it a racism thing. Some of the people received a reply from Carl-Johan Friman, of the Government Offices Communications Unit; others have not received any reply at all. A typical response goes: Thank you for your email to Prime Minister Stefan L fven. I ve been asked to reply and confirm that your email has reached the Prime Minister s Office and is now available for the Prime Minister and his staff. It is of course not acceptable that people should be exposed to violence and criminal activities in their everyday life. Many efforts are made to counteract violence, and quite correctly, this needs to be done without pitting groups against each other. Thank you for taking the time to write and share your views, they are important in shaping government policies.  Via: Zero Hedge ",0
21226,THE WOMAN WHO Moved Freedom Loving Americans To Tears With Her Passionate IRS Testimony Is Now Asking For Our Help,"MARCH 1st is the day! VOTE FOR BECKY GERRITSON FOR US CONGRESS IN ALABAMA S 2ND DISTRICT!WE LOVE THIS WOMAN! Becky Gerritson embodies everything that makes America so special and unique. She is a  limited government conservative  who is passionate about preserving and protecting the United States of America and everything we, as a nation stand for. She is a military wife and a brave warrior, who is ready to march to Washington DC and shake things up. Becky is running for US Rep. in Alabama s 2nd District. She is up against a RINO incumbent who, has voted to continue support for Obama s reckless Refugee program. Sending Representatives like Becky to DC, who are unafraid to confront an overreaching and out of control government should be a 1st priority for every freedom loving American.Becky moved out of her comfort zone, and into the national spotlight where she bravely faced Congress while staring down the punitive director of the IRS. In her powerful, passionate (and now famous) speech, she demanded the IRS was held accountable for the Stalinist tactics that were used against her, as they attempted silence her conservative views that were in stark contrast to Barack Obama.We are committed to helping Becky Gerritson defeat her RINO incumbent in Alabama.Becky Gerritson is up against an establishment Republican (RINO) in the primary election in Alabama who voted to continue support for a reckless refugee program.  Establishment Republicans are now facing serious primary challenges, such as incumbent establishment Republican Martha Roby in Alabama-2, who is being challenged by Becky Gerritson. Roby is trying desperately to run away from the Syrian refugee jihadi threat because she repeatedly voted to fund it.Conservative congressional challenger Becky Gerritson has just issued a stinging challenge on the issue of Muslim immigration to her incumbent establishment Republican opponent Rep. Martha Roby (AL-2). I promise to fight President Obama s open arms policy and oppose all legislation that invites danger into the lives of the men, women, and children of this great nation,  Gerritson stated in a pledge to Alabama voters.  In essence, this is Obama s Islamic Importation Plan; and we cannot risk adopting his strategy that fails to screen against importing terrorists into this country. And by giving Obama a blank check in the budget and spending bills that could have stopped the Syrian  refugee  madness Republicans own the Syrian refugee jihadi infiltration problem.Tea Partier, conservative, patriot, wife, mother, Christian- These are some of the words that describe Becky Gerritson, the grassroots activist who was thrown into the national spotlight during the illegal IRS probing of conservative and libertarian interest groups several years ago. During a passionate speech in front of an audience of a congressional sub committee, in which she testified on behalf of her organization- the Wetumpka TEA Party, Becky s words went viral instantly, and began to inspire and encourage activists across the country to hold their government more accountable for it s actions.In October of this year, Gerritson made the decision to shift from grassroots conservative activist, to instead take on the GOP establishment head-on by challenging current Congresswomen Martha Roby (R-AL, 2nd District) to a primary, in order to receive the Republican nomination in time for the 2016 election. Here are some questions Becky was able discuss with me in order to give voters, and Americans across the country, a better look at her candidacy, and what her campaign s presence means to the current state of the Republican Party and establishment politics as a whole:Brownell: Why have you decided now is the best time to run for office? Why congress and not a state level position?Becky: I ve never wanted to run for political office before, and I had always pushed back when others urged me to do so. However, after years of fighting for a restoration of the America I grew up in, I grew tired of seeing my representative fail to share my commitment. Our country is in desperate need of bold, courageous citizen leaders who will step forward to fight for principle. After much prayer, I knew I had to answer the call.Brownell: With the general dissatisfaction with the GOP, even with John Boehner gone, why did you decide to run as a Republican and not an Independent?Becky: I ll be the first to admit that there are many times in which I find myself frustrated with my Party. However, I believe that there is strategic significance to trying to save the Republican Party from within. In Congress, I won t go with what Party leadership over principle. I will, however, use whatever influence I have to return my Party back to conservatism.Brownell: What are some of the biggest concerns you hear from voters in you re district?Becky: Voters are concerned about the future. They see a President and an unelected Supreme Court ruling, not governing. They see their rights taken away. They see a debt rising that threatens the security and economic stability of this country. And, what s worse, many feel helpless. They vote, and then they see nothing change. I m running to be the kind of leader that the voters can know and trust will actually stand up and fight the status quo to change the direction of this country.Brownell: On your website s issues page you have a section discussing your views on the 10th Amendment- do you think that the states have the right to nullify executive orders and acts of congress?Becky: You know, I think every branch of government needs to start exercising its constitutional authority. We need to reign in the Judicial and Executive branches, and the best way to do that is by the Legislative branch and the states reasserting themselves and say  no, Mr. President  or  no, Supreme Court, we are drawing the line here, and you cannot cross.  The 10th Amendment has been totally thrown out, and we need more states standing strong in opposition to unconstitutional actions by the federal government.Brownell: As a military wife currently living in a part of Alabama with a large veterans community, do you think the VA needs to be reformed from within, or privatized?Becky: It needs to be completely overhauled, and I think all options need to be on the table. My opponent is pushing to put the solution in the hands of the same VA bureaucracy that got us in this mess. Top-down, bottom- up this system must be overhauled, every job and individual evaluated, and the very manner of doing things analyzed to make sure our veterans never have to deal with an incompetent VA again.Brownell: What is your view of possible boots on the ground in Syria?Becky: Under this president, I absolutely oppose that idea. Under a Republican president, I m still skeptical. The case needs to be made first what our interests are in getting involved. Secondly, a clear strategy for winning- not just the moment, but the long-term future of the region- must be presented. I don t know that those two criteria will ever be met. I believe very strongly in American exceptionalism and leadership in the world. I also believe that we should be very hesitant to send our soldiers into a quagmire. A very strong case would need to be made for this course of action, and I m not sure that case exists.PLEASE click HERE to see where Becky Gerritson stands on issues that affect our entire nation. ",0
21227,COMMUNIST FILMMAKER MICHAEL MOORE Recruits Leftists In Attempt To Harm Trump,"The despicable anti-free speech, communist clown, Michael Moore is taking page out of Obama s community organizer book. He s asking for drones to help him report Trump on Facebook in an effort to shut down what Moore considers an opposing view. Of course, he wants the ability to make 2nd rate anti-American films, but God forbid, anyone running for office openly love and embrace American values Leftwing filmmaker Michael Moore is asking his followers to report Donald Trump for using  hate speech  on Facebook, in hopes of getting the GOP frontrunner banned from the social media site. Facebook prohibits all its users from using hate speech on its site ( You will not post content that is hate speech ),  wrote Moore in a detailed post on Wednesday.  I m joining others today in filing a complaint with Facebook that Trump s Facebook page is using hate speech to promote racism and bigotry. Moore added:  Please file your complaint, too. Here s how: Go to Trump s page facebook.com/DonaldTrump. Click  Report . Then click  It shouldn t be on FB . Then click  Hate Speech . Then click either  race or ethnicity  or  religious group . That s it. Let s get a few million doing this by the end of the day! The New York Daily News reported this week that despite an online campaign to censor Trump, his posts are protected under Facebook s community standards:Facebook s policy does highlight that any hate speech content attacking people on their race, ethnicity, religious affiliation or national origin will be removed. However, Trump s posts could potentially be protected by another rule under Facebook s community standards:  Facebook can be used to challenge ideas, institutions, and practices. Such discussion can promote debate and greater understanding.Friday, roughly a dozen protesters stormed a $1,000-a-plate New York City luncheon where Trump was delivering a speech, the Associated Press reported.Moore tweeted his  team  was outside the hotel:My team is down at the Trump Protest in NYC today. The Donald is having a fundraiser at the Plaza Hotel. Standby for updates. #DumpTrump  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 11, 2015LIVE on #Periscope: LIVE From the TRUMP PROTEST in NYC today outside Plaza Hotel. Donald arriving soon  (via @jas  https://t.co/IqPlwUAbAa  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 11, 2015New York Daily News picks up my campaign to have Facebook enforce its policy on hate speech against Donald Trump: https://t.co/hiRQr6rUIr.  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 10, 2015TIME magazine has just named German Chancellor Angela Merkel as Person of the Year. Somebody get Trump some smelling salts.  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 9, 2015Just sang Christmas Carols outside the National Republican Center in D.C. All Donald Trump themed songs of course. pic.twitter.com/FjFJDCgH1W  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 9, 2015Via: Breitbart News",0
21228,No Words… [VIDEO],"For the first time in the history of 100% FED UP!, we are (almost) speechless The idea that this SELFISH MAN would abandon his wife and 7 children to become a transexual 6 year old is bad enough. But the  fact that an entire community would embrace him, give him a place to live and provide assurance that his SEXUALITY and self-identity trumps his obligations to his family is beyond heartbreaking.It s stories like these that make us wonder if we should just throw in the towel God help us ",0
21229,LEFTISTS USE TRUMP To Teach Kids How To Use Violence Against Someone You Disagree With: “I Want To Kill Him” [VIDEO],"Just when you thought only Muslim terrorists teach their kids to use violence against anyone who doesn t agree with them Along comes the hateful American Left. What these poor misguided parents have clearly missed is how many Latino s don t support amnesty for people who ve illegally crossed our borders It seems like plenty of people have wanted to take a bat to Donald Trump s head this year, and last night in Oregon, some kids finally had the chance with a pi ata shaped like the Republican presidential candidate.At the grand opening for El Diablito, a food cart in Portland, Oregon, on Saturday, a group of predominately of children and Latinos took turns hitting a candy-filled Trump pi ata with a baseball bat.The group had some choice words as they took swings at the life-size presidential candidate figure, which had Trump posing with his mouth open and his middle fingers raised. I want to kill him,  one child said as he watched someone hit the pi ata.One woman eagerly smashed the pi ata as she hit it several times. Because f*** Trump,  she said when asked why she wanted a turn.  I m sorry I know there are kids here, but he really sucks that hard. Another man took several swings at the pi ata as he spoke about why he didn t believe that Trump should be elected. You re bringing hate and we don t want you as a president,  the man said as he hit the figure.The owner of El Diablito said, however, that the Donald Trump pi ata had nothing to do with politics, and was instead a way of bringing people to his food truck s grad opening. It has nothing to do about politics, actually,  he said.  It s about having a good time. I figured that would be the best character for everybody to be excited to take a hit at,  he added.  It s all about popularity and he s at the top of it right now A video of the event concludes with a little girl smashing the body off of the pi ata and a man holding the Trump figure s head by the hair as its body likes broken on the ground.Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
21230,PRINCIPAL’S REASON FOR NOT ALLOWING This Picture To Appear In Yearbook Has Dad Steaming Mad,"A North Dakota father is calling for the resignation of his son s high school principal after the  far left progressive  banned the senior s yearbook photo because he claims it s  illegal. Fargo North High School Principal Andy Dahlen told the Fargo Forum he rejected 17-yar-old Josh Renville s senior portrait for the school s yearbook because it violated three school policies that do not specifically pertain to the yearbook.According to the site:One bans the carrying of weapons on school property; another prohibits publishing of materials in school-sponsored media  that violates federal or state law, promotes violence, terrorism, or other illegal activity  ; and a third bans clothing that advertises or promotes weapons.While acknowledging none of the policies specifically prohibits photos of weapons from appearing in the yearbook, Dahlen said  it s the combination of those three policies that we ve interpreted prevent it. The  controversial  image shows Renville standing alongside of the American flag, wearing a stars and stripes tank top, with a rifle he built himself resting on his right shoulder. It was taken off of school property, and Renville is clearly not posed in any type of threatening manner.Renville s father, Charles Renville, spoke with the principal about the decision, and Dahlen apparently refused to reconsider. Charles Renville, a 30-year Air National Guard soldier, took to Facebook this week to update his followers and vent his frustrations about the situation, a post that sparked a social media firestorm that s drawing national media coverage.// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Posted by Charlie Renville on Thursday, December 10, 2015The father writes that the picture is now under review by the district s associate superintendent, details his conversation and thoughts about Dahlen, and explains why the image means so much to his son. So this is the state of freedom ion our nation today! Fargo North High School has rejected this picture for Josh s year book  . Because in their words it promotes violence and breaks state and federal law, really! How? Well I called Andy Dahlen   he is trying to state that people cannot bring guns on school property, in his words  it s the law,  Renville wrote.The father questioned why other images in the school that contain guns   library books on hunting, or wars with American soldiers   seemingly don t face the same scrutiny, or why yearbook images of guns used by high school trap and skeet teams are not held to the same standard. What item is illegal in this picture?  he wrote.  I see a kid that loves his nation, loves free speech and loves the second the 2nd Amendment. The rifle is a rifle he built and it is his favorite rifle. Renville then pivots to Dahlen. Dahlen just doesn t like rifles, he doesn t believe in or support the Second Amendment. He is a far left progressive who is using his position to promote his political agenda and push it on our children,  Renville wrote.He continued:He has singled out my family over the years because of our traditional conservative values and beliefs! In my opinion he is out of control and morally bankrupt person who has been in his position way to long! He seems to have absolute power at Fargo North High school, and tries to bully teachers, students and families that disagree with him! Enough is enough he needs to be fired! So begins the fight for freedom . we are only as strong as our weakest link!Renville alleged Dahlen told him the school has received calls about the controversy and nearly 90 percent of callers supported the principal s position.The conversation prompted Renville to post Dahlen s direct phone number online, and encourage his followers to voice their opinions on the matter.As Renville s post quickly swelled to more than 1,660 shares, the conversation online forced local, regional and national news outlets to focus in. Meanwhile, leftist columnists like the Forum s Mike McFeeley are trying their best to squelch the growing outrage. Is it about getting your kid s preferred photo in the yearbook or saving the world?  McFreeley wrote.  There is this question, too: Would those barking loudest about Josh Renville s rights being infringed be barking as loud if the photo in question showed a young person holding a handgun while flashing gang signs? Rights are rights, right? Interestingly, an informal poll conducted by Fox 31 shows about 65 percent of more than 400 voters support the Renvilles.Charles Renville told the Daily Mail his son plans to enlist in the Guard next month. Via: EAG News",0
21231,"LEFTIST FOR A LIVING Changes Position, Turns On Obama, Declares: “This Is A War…Shut Down The Borders…No Visas” [VIDEO]","FLASHBACK: Watch the video below to see Kudlow mock Republicans for their strong defense of closing our borders in his interview with  Gang of Eight  member, Jeff Flake (R-AZ) two years ago. The president had his last chance last Sunday night. And he didn t do it. He is not a wartime commander in chief. In fact, he is not a commander in chief. A hardline shift from an immigration reformer.I know this is not my usual position. But this is a war. Therefore I have come to believe there should be no immigration or visa waivers until the U.S. adopts a completely new system to stop radical Islamic terrorists from entering the country. A wartime lockdown. And a big change in my thinking.ISIS and related Islamic terrorists are already here. More are coming. We must stop them.Until FBI director James Comey gives us the green light, I say seal the borders.Here s what we must do: Completely reform the vetting process for immigrants and foreign visitors. Change the screening process. Come up with a new visa-application review process. Stop this nonsense of marriage-visa fraud. And in the meantime, seal the borders. I agree with Jessica Vaughn, director of policy studies at the Center for Immigration Studies, who argued many of these points in excellent detail on the National Review website on Friday.Again, why am I taking this hardline position? In the past, I have been an immigration reformer, not a restrictionist. But we are at war. That changes everything.Watch Kudlow demean conservative position on border control and immigration reform to RINO, Rep. Jeff Flake (R-AZ):Let me emphasize that my support for wartime immigration restrictions is not based on religion. I think Donald Trump made a big mistake here. Instead, I agree with this Rupert Murdoch tweet:  Complete refugee pause to fix vetting makes sense. Fortunately, the Republican House voted to tighten restrictions on travel to the U.S. by citizens of 38 nations who presently enter our country without a visa. This covers 20 million visitors a year who are allowed to stay 90 days. And of course this system is abused, big time.But I say seal the borders. People hoping to relocate to the U.S. from Syria, Iraq, and anywhere in the Middle East, and people coming here from France, England, Sweden, and wherever will be upset, at least for a while. There may be some unfairness to this. But I don t care. Wars breed unfairness, just as they breed collateral damage.We may set back tourism. We may anger Saudi princes whose kids are in American schools. But so be it. We need a wartime footing if we are going to protect the American homeland.Of course, President Obama doesn t get it. He never will. Already we should have led NATO into a declaration of war against ISIS. Already we should have pushed a resolution of war against ISIS through the UN Security Council. Already we should have convened meetings with our Mideast allies to formally declare war against ISIS. Already the U.S. Congress should have issued a formal declaration of war against ISIS.The president had his last chance last Sunday night. And he didn t do it. He is not a wartime commander in chief. In fact, he is not a commander in chief.As I have written before, if the U.S. wants to destroy ISIS, it can destroy ISIS. We won t end terrorism around the world. But we can destroy ISIS in Syria and Iraq. Prominent generals are telling us that. Prominent national security strategists are telling us that.So let s do it.If there is to be a true wartime effort to destroy ISIS, our leaders must communicate a sense of urgency and energy. Define the clear goal: the destruction of ISIS. Speak to that goal constantly. Take steps at home and abroad to back up that goal. Lead the country. Rally the country.Republican and Democratic commanders in chief have done this in the past. We must do it again.I don t believe a visa or immigration lockdown here in the U.S. will solve the Islamic terrorist threat. Many other steps must be taken. And I am not suggesting this in the name of religious profiling. Instead, I am hardening my position on immigration because we are at war and I fear we may be losing this war.My shift in thinking comes from a deep desire to strengthen homeland security. Hopefully an immigration freeze will not be in place for very long. But for now I believe we must do it. (By the way, keeping America safe is a prerequisite for growth.)And let me add, as I have in the past, if the U.S. has the will, the urgency, and the energy to destroy ISIS, then we will destroy ISIS.WATCH Kudlow s defense of immigration in this video only one year ago. My, what a difference a year makes:Via: Breitbart News",0
21232,ATHEIST TEACHER Gets 8 Year Old One-Week Suspension For Saying “Merry Christmas”,"Bullies come in all different shapes, sizes and professions. It s too bad that this bully is protected by the teacher s union. San Francisco, CA   The  war on Christmas  continues as a simple well-wishing of  Merry Christmas  has led to big trouble for one third-grade San Francisco girl this week.Samantha Dawson, an 8-year-old student at Westview Elementary School in San Francisco, CA., was in the school cafeteria Tuesday eating with friends when she was taken to the principal s office and given a week-long suspension. Her punishment was consequence for saying  Merry Christmas  to her homeroom teacher earlier that day.Dawson s teacher, 37-year-old Paul Horner who is an outspoken Atheist, was offended at the students display of Christmas spirit and had staff suspend the young girl for the rest of the week.  I say  Merry Christmas  to everyone,  the young girl told CBS News.  I didn t think it would cause so much trouble just for saying a couple little words. The girl s mother, Laura Dawson, 41, was fuming over the issue. You don t traumatize a child who loves to go to school, who wanted to be early every day to school, you don t make her cry, just for wishing someone Merry Christmas,  she told reporters, holding back tears.  You just don t do it. Reporters spoke with Mr. Horner as he was leaving from school yesterday. I warned the children not to bring religion into my classroom,  Horner said.  Maybe Samantha will listen to adults next time.  At the time of this press release, Westview Elementary School officials declined to comment, though this was posted on the school s website: Once again we had to suspend a student, 3rd grader Samantha Dawson, because she said  Merry Christmas  to her homeroom teacher, who is a proud atheist. CBS News Via: Truth Uncensored",0
21233,"HOW COLLEGES PUNISH HIGH ACHIEVERS: Check “African American” On SAT Test, ADD 230 Points…Check “Asian,” DEDUCT 50 Points","This is a stunning story of how the Left gets away with punishing hard work and accomplishment all in the name of  fairness.  Who decides which minority population is more important than another? In a windowless classroom at an Arcadia tutoring center, parents crammed into child-sized desks and dug through their pockets and purses for pens as Ann Lee launches a PowerPoint presentation.Her primer on college admissions begins with the basics: application deadlines, the relative virtues of the SAT versus the ACT and how many Advanced Placement tests to take.Then she eases into a potentially incendiary topic   one that many counselors like her have learned they cannot avoid. Let s talk about Asians,  she says.Lee s next slide shows three columns of numbers from a Princeton University study that tried to measure how race and ethnicity affect admissions by using SAT scores as a benchmark. It uses the term  bonus  to describe how many extra SAT points an applicant s race is worth. She points to the first column.African Americans received a  bonus  of 230 points, Lee says.She points to the second column. Hispanics received a bonus of 185 points. The last column draws gasps.Asian Americans, Lee says, are penalized by 50 points   in other words, they had to do that much better to win admission. Do Asians need higher test scores? Is it harder for Asians to get into college? The answer is yes,  Lee says. Zenme keyi,  one mother hisses in Chinese. How can this be possible?College admission season ignites deep anxieties for Asian American families, who spend more than any other demographic on education. At elite universities across the U.S., Asian Americans form a larger share of the student body than they do of the population as a whole. And increasingly they have turned against affirmative action policies that could alter those ratios, and accuse admissions committees of discriminating against Asian American applicants.Everyone works hard and struggles. But there s this feeling that it s going to be harder for us.   Lawrence Leonn, 16HERE is a perfect example of how Americans have allowed Asian minority status to be discounted in favor of the more vocal Black students on campus:And there is the case of the young Asian reporter who dared to attempt to cover University Of Missouri s Black Lives Matter event. There was certainly no media outcry at the bullying and the horrible treatment he received by students and faculty alike. Click HERE for the full story and video.That perspective has pitted them against advocates for diversity: More college berths for Asian American students mean fewer for black and Latino students, who are statistically underrepresented at top universities.But in the San Gabriel Valley s hyper-competitive ethnic Asian communities, arguments for diversity can sometimes fall on deaf ears. For immigrant parents raised in Asia s all-or-nothing test cultures, a good education is not just a measure of success   it s a matter of survival. They see academic achievement as a moral virtue, and families organize their lives around their child s education, moving to the best school districts and paying for tutoring and tennis lessons. An acceptance letter from a prestigious college is often the only acceptable return on an investment that stretches over decades.Lee is the co-founder of HS2 Academy, a college prep business that assumes that racial bias is a fact of college admissions and counsels students accordingly. At 10 centers across the state, the academy s counselors teach countermeasures to Asian American applicants. The goal, Lee says, is to help prospective college students avoid coming off like another  cookie-cutter Asian. Being of Asian descent, the junior says, is  a disadvantage.  The problem, she says, is in the numbers.Asian families flock to the San Gabriel Valley s school districts because they have some of the highest Academic Performance Index scores in the state. But with hundreds of top-performing students at each high school, focusing on a small set of elite institutions, it s easy to get lost in the crowd.Of the school s 4,000 students, nearly 3,000 are of Asian descent, and like Yue are willing to do whatever it takes to gain entrance to a prestigious university. They will study until they can t remember how to have fun and stuff their schedules with extracurriculars. But there s an important part of their college applications that they can t improve as easily as an SAT score: their ethnicity.In the San Gabriel Valley, where aspirationally named tutoring centers such as Little Harvard and Ivy League cluster within walking distance of high schools, many of them priced more cheaply than a baby-sitter, it didn t take long for some centers to respond to students  and parents  fears of being edged out of a top school because of some intangible missing quality. I don t want to be racist or anything,  Lawrence said.  Everyone works hard and struggles. But there s this feeling that it s going to be harder for us. Complaints about bias in college admissions have persisted since at least the 1920s, when a Harvard University president tried to cap the number of Jewish students. In November, a group called Students for Fair Admissions filed a suit against Harvard University for admissions policies that allegedly discriminate against Asian Americans. The group cited the 2004 Princeton study and other sources that offer statistics about Asian Americans  test performance.At the University of Texas at Austin, an affirmative action policy that allows admissions committees to consider the race of prospective applicants has been argued all the way to the Supreme Court. (The policies were upheld by a lower court, but that court s decision was voided by the Supreme Court. Another court upheld the policies and another appeal is pending.)Those who defend  holistic  admissions policies insist that considering a broader range of variables ensures that all applicants are judged fairly. And the Princeton study Lee refers to has been widely criticized by academics who argue that it relies too heavily on grades and test scores to draw conclusions about racial bias and that the data the study uses are too old to be relevant.Still, anxiety over racial admissions rates is peaking as cash-crunched public universities increasingly favor high-paying out-of-state and foreign students at the expense of local applicants of every ethnicity. A 2014 bill that would have asked voters to consider restoring race as a factor in admissions to public California colleges and universities sparked multiple public protests and scathing editorials in Chinese newspapers. The bill, Senate Constitutional Amendment 5, was shelved last year. That same ethic causes parents and students to agonize over which box, if any, to check on the race and nationality section of the application. One parent asked Zell whether it would help to legally change the family name to something more Western-sounding.Last year, a rumor that Harvard University would stop accepting any more Asian American students from San Marino High School spread like a trending hashtag.Mollie Beckler, a counselor at San Marino High School, says that Harvard never imposed such a rule. School counselors are continually trying to dispel myths like these, she says, if only in hopes of slightly lowering the huge stress students shoulder because of their intense focus on elite schools. The feeling of failure they get from trying to reach such high standards,  she said,  is very concerning to us in the counseling world. Only a few of the San Gabriel Valley s tutoring centers confront the ethnic admissions issue head-on.Jamie Aviles, a counselor at the ACI Institute, doesn t teach ways to overcome perceived racial bias, she says. But she and many other counselors do agree on at least one thing.As Aviles puts it:  It sucks to be a kid in the San Gabriel Valley. Via: LA Times",0
21234,OBAMA AND VALERIE JARRETT Finalize Executive Action Gun Control Proposal,"It s almost as though we don t even have a Constitution Never let a crisis go to waste President Barack Obama s advisers are finalizing a proposal that would expand background checks on gun sales without congressional approval.White House adviser Valerie Jarrett says the president has asked his team to complete a proposal and submit it for his review  in short order.  She says the recommendations will include measures to expand background checks.Jarrett spoke Wednesday night at a vigil for the victims of the Newtown shooting, according to a summary provided by the White House.After the mass shooting in Roseburg, Oregon, Obama said his team was looking for ways to tighten gun laws without a vote in Congress. White House officials have said they re exploring closing the so-called  gun show loophole  that anti-gun advocates claim allows people to buy weapons at gun shows and online without a background check.The move comes following the deadly terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California, that left 14 people dead. All of the guns used in the massacre were purchased legally. Opponents of new gun control regulations have argued that the proposals being pushed by Obama would not have prevented the tragedy or recent mass shootings. Via: The Blaze",0
21235,Why Did Friends And Family Protect Muslim Bonnie And Clyde From Authorities?,"While some of the most important questions about this jihadi couple are being left unanswered, the media is circling the wagons around the  Islamaphobia  narrative to ensure that no Muslims have hurt feelings. Syed s parents knew that he was becoming more radical, and one look at that wife could ve told you she wasn t Mary flippin  Poppins. Why did friends and relatives distance themselves from these radicals, but never once bother to contact authorities about their radicalized behavior you know, just in case they might shoot up a Christmas party in an act of  workplace violence. Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik, both devout adherents to the Religion of Peace, are a glimpse into the future of America. I ve written about the unchecked flood of refugees poised to pour into the United States and the willful blindness of those who ignore the stated intention of those who would do the nation harm to infiltrate that mass of humanity with the intent to cause havoc. And now, it has begun.Of course, regardless of whether Syrian refugees are allowed in or not, Tashfeen Malik and Syed Farook would have committed the San Bernardino shooting. Farook was born an American, and Malik was a Pakistani with a K-1 visa; essentially, a mail-order bride.Fianc e visas were bad enough when it was just war brides and gold diggers from the former-Soviet Union countries, but now these bitches are trying to kill people.The ISIS claim of responsibility for the San Bernardino shooting is definitely iffy. Terrorists aren t known for being the most honest sorts and would claim a tornado tearing through an Oklahoma trailer park as their doing, if they could find the Sooner State on a map.I imagine the State Department will exercise the same sort of diligence and care in vetting all the Syrian refugees as was giving to Tashfeen Malik. We only have every person who ever came into contact with her saying Malik was a hard-core ideologue with Jihad tendencies. Attending Al-Huda International Seminary wasn t a tip that she might not be terribly friendly to the United States?Al-Huda is basically post-graduate school for those who hate the great Satan, America. Oh, by the way, there are campuses in the United States and Canada. And they offer convenient internet classes for those who would like to learn jihad from the comfort of their own homes.Neither the Saudis nor the Pakistanis want to claim this chick. Both are pointing at the other and saying,  She went rogue on your watch.  That s saying a lot for two countries that are absolutely lousy with terrorists and terrorism to the point it is, at least, their number two export.As the investigation deepens, it s coming out that these two were Jihadis long before ISIS came to anyone s attention. In the aftermath, there is a litany of friends and family, associates and acquaintances, who had distanced themselves from the Muslim Bonnie and Clyde and did absolutely nothing to tip off the rest of the world that Farook and Malik were becoming dangerous.In the weeks and months to come, I predict a long line of people who knew what was going on. Not just the neighbors, who harbored strong suspicions, but didn t say anything because they were scared to death of the Liberal Social Justice Warriors letting slip the social media dogs of war against them for being Islamophobes, racists, and all around bigots.What I m talking about are fellow Muslims, who knew damn well they were killers-in-waiting.As I write this, the FBI is putting together enough evidence to arrest Farook s father. No doubt, his mother will be occupying a jail cell in short order, too. Regardless one s opinion on laws imposing the duty to report certain crimes, being arrested for failure to report a pending terror attack tells me there is probable cause to believe they possessed the information.Just where is this vast majority of Muslims who abhor what Syed Farook and Tashfeen Malik did in San Bernardino? You know, the ones who supposedly love America and her freedoms.A few representatives of mosques and lawyers for the family have been condemning their act in the week since the shooting spree, but what about the rank-and-file sorts who actually knew them? Neither was on any sort of watch list or under investigation. The government had no reason to be keeping tabs on them. Yet, the very people who were in positions to point them out did nothing.To say  Not all Muslims are terrorists,  is like saying,  Not all Fords explode.  A true statement on its face, but losing sight of the fact that an identifiable sub-group of Fords exploded under the right circumstances.Readers who remember voting for Ronald Reagan at least once probably also remember the fuel tank controversy involving the Ford Pinto. If you don t, Google it out because I m not your History professor, and you won t understand what I m about to say.There were about 2.7 million Pintos in the United States when Ford initiated their recall in the fall of 1978. Eventually, 27 deaths that would not have otherwise occurred were attributed to fires subsequent to low-speed, rear-end collisions. Every model of Ford since has borne the stigma of the Fiery Ford. I know a guy who still says he drives a  Ford Exploder. Not all Fords explode. Not all Ford Pintos explode. Not all Ford Pintos of an identifiable body type explode; it specifically requires addition of a low-speed, rear-ending that also breaches the integrity of the gas tank, along with a spark to ignite the whole mess. And it helps for the body panels to crumple in just the right way to prevent the doors from opening and trapping the occupants inside.So, tell me again why we are unable to pick out the dangerous Muslims?As coincidence would have it, there are about 2.77 million Muslims in the United States with fourteen dead and twenty-one wounded just last week in San Bernardino. Is twenty-seven dead bodies the magic number before somebody says,  You know, there seems to be an awful lot of people dying when Muslims are around. Maybe we should stop letting them come here until we get a handle on this problem? Via: Carlos Cunha",0
21236,LEGENDARY ACTOR KURT RUSSELL Hammers Anti-Gun Interviewer: “absolutely insane” to believe more gun control will curb terrorist attacks,"A Hollywood actor defending the 2nd Amendment is a pretty rare occurrence. Kudos to Kurt Russell for sticking to your guns (pun intended). The interview can be heard at link below.Legendary actor Kurt Russell said in a recent interview with Hollywood reporter Jeffery Wells that it s  absolutely insane  to believe that more gun control will curb terrorist attacks.Discussing America s  gun culture  and film producer Quentin Tarantino, Russell said he doesn t  understand [the] concepts of conversation  about  the gun culture,  after Wells asserted that most Americans fear that mass violence is becoming a  day-to-day  occurrence.When Wells went on to say that guns are a  metaphor that disenfranchised white guys need,  Russell let loose. If you think gun control is going to change the terrorists  point of view, I think you re, like, out of your mind,  he began.  I think anybody [who says that] is. I think it s absolutely insane. Dude, you re about to find out what I m gonna do, and that s gonna worry you a lot more,  the actor continued.  And that s what we need. That will change the concept of gun culture, as you call it, to something [like] reality. Which is, if I m a hockey team and I ve got some guy bearing down on me as a goal tender, I m not concerned about what he s gonna do   I m gonna make him concerned about what I m gonna do to stop him. That s when things change. Arguing back, Wells invoked the no-fly list, saying that the people on the list are there for a  good reason,  but that they can allegedly still  get [a] hold of a gun pretty easily. They can also make a bomb pretty easily. So what?  Russell retorted.  They can also get knives and stab you. [What are you] gonna do about that? They can also get cars and run you over. [What are you] gonna do about that? When Wells argued back that the San Bernardino terrorists didn t use cars, Russell fought back, saying that previous terrorists have used cars to murder people. But they ve killed others that way, haven t they?  he said.  Yeah, yeah. Whaddaya gonna do? Outlaw everything? That isn t the answer. The rest of the interview: Wells: Just put some controls Russell: Put some controls? What, so the people, so the people who want to defend themselves can t?Wells: No, not so you can t, just so the idiots can t get hold of them [so easily], that s all.Russell: You really believe they re not going to? Are you serious about that? What good will that ? Oh my God. You and I just disagree.  Via: The BlazeClick HERE to listen to the interview",0
21237,MARK STEYN Hammers Democrats On Climate Change Scam: ‘You’re effectively enforcing a state ideology’, ,0
21238,GITMO PRISONER OBAMA RELEASED IN 2012 Identified As Al-Qaeda Leader In Yemen,"Another Gitmo detainee returns to terror Is anyone else starting to see a pattern here? Former Guantanamo detainee, Ibrahim Qosi, who is also known as Sheikh Khubayb al Sudani, is now an al-Qaeda leader in Yemen.April , 2012  For al-Qosi, his release will allow him to be reunited with his family. Unlike many other prisoners, all of his immediate family are still alive. As Paul Reichler, his Washington-based civilian attorney, who represented him pro bono for seven years, explained,  He is now in his 50s, eager only to spend his life at home with his family in Sudan   his mother and father, his wife and two teenage daughters, and his brothers and their families   and live among them in peace, quiet and freedom. His Pentagon-appointed defense lawyer, Navy Cmdr. Suzanne Lachelier, noted that, last week, al-Qosi was moved to  special quarters,  with  a flat-screen TV, a refrigerator that let him eat at his leisure and a small outdoor gravel-topped patio, all inside a locked enclosure.  Cmdr. Lachelier added there was also  a real bed rather than a steel bunk topped with a mat,  but that al-Qosi slept on the floor before leaving  because he suffers from a bad back. A source with knowledge of al-Qosi s case, who does not wish to be identified, told me that the Obama administration was unwilling to detain al-Qosi after his sentence came to an end, and I believe that one of the reasons that the President negotiated a waiver to the provisions in the National Defense Authorization Act, allowing him to bypass restrictions on releasing prisoners that were imposed by Congress, was to prevent Republicans from trying to force him to continueholding al-Qosi.Summing up his client, al-Qosi s lawyer, Paul Reichler said,  He is an intelligent, pious, humble and sincere individual who has endured much hardship the past 10 years. But he returns home without hatred or rancor. Really? Al-Qaeda leader = peace? The Long War Journal reported:Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) released a new video featuring a former Guantanamo detainee, Ibrahim Qosi, who is also known as Sheikh Khubayb al Sudani.In July 2010, Qosi plead guilty to charges of conspiracy and material support for terrorism before a military commission. His plea was part of a deal in which he agreed to cooperate with prosecutors during his remaining time in US custody. Qosi was transferred to his home country of Sudan two years later, in July 2012.Qosi joined AQAP in 2014 and became one of its leaders. Qosi and other AQAP commanders discussed their time waging jihad at length in the video, entitled  Guardians of Sharia. Islamic scholars ensure the  correctness  of the  jihadist project,  according to Qosi. And the war against America continues through  individual jihad,  which al Qaeda encourages from abroad. Here, Qosi referred to al Qaeda s policy of encouraging attacks by individual adherents and smaller terror cells. Indeed, AQAP s video celebrates jihadists who have acted in accordance with this call, such as the Kouachi brothers, who struck Charlie Hebdo s offices in Paris earlier this year. The Kouachi brothers  operation was sponsored by AQAP. Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
21239,"BRITISH TV PERSONALITY: Don’t Blame Trump For Muslim Ban Comments , He Speaks For The Masses…Who Can Blame Americans For Not Wanting To End Up Like UK? [VIDEO]"," He [Obama] makes me want to wrap a suicide vest around my head and text BOOM to my brain On the Brit s desire to be politically correct about Muslims invasion of UK: You are too busy gazing at the fluff in your navel to see the gangrene in your foot Trump is terrifying. We have seen the future and it is bleak  said one reporter.In turn, thousands are busy clicking on a hideously impotent petition to  BAN TRUMP FROM GREAT BRITAIN .What exactly are they achieving? Having their say? Joining in the outrage bus?No doubt petition sites like change.org are on their web favourites, right up there with erectile dysfunction.co.uk. and single.com.They may as well calm down. We are not banning Donald from the UK.And even if Trump were elected President, he wouldn t be able to ban Muslims from his shores   even if he wanted to.Ask yourself: how could he possibly make it work?America struggles to control its southern border as it is. It is not going to be able to change the global passport system and get your religion stamped on your passport or your head to establish your faith.What s the Christianity test going to be? Snurfling a hot dog whilst singing  Give me joy in my heart, keep me praising ? After a Muslim couple gunned down 14 residents of San Bernardino, California, Americans looked for strong leadership. Just like after 9/11 when Bush made like a dog of war and took the fight to the terrorists.They didn t get from dreary Obama. He makes me want to wrap a suicide vest around my head and text BOOM to my brainDon't demonise Trump. He speaks for millions of Americans.And who can blame them for not wanting to end up like us?https://t.co/5SaKwd02Hu  Katie Hopkins (@KTHopkins) December 9, 2015It took the President a couple of days to even admit the attack was terror and when he did finally address a nervous nation on Sunday night his tone-deaf message was that Muslims were their  friends, neighbours and sports heroes. In contrast, Trump IS providing leadership. He knows some of his grand-standing is hot air. But he is articulating a sentiment held by millions and reinforcing himself as a protector of the American people.It s the reason Trump is the Republican front runner. He has spent just $330,000 on broadcasting to Jeb Bush s $42.5 million  which is indicative of how much America is enthralled by this new voice.I hear cries that he is a blithering idiot. I have often been called a deranged fool. But if this were true you could ignore me, ignore us, imaging the two of us shouting naked at the rain.It s because we articulate sentiments repressed by the politically correct consensus that we have a voice.Trump said:  We have places in London so radicalised that police are afraid for their lives. Within moments the Met Police, Prime Minister David Cameron, and the clownish Mayor of London, Boris Johnson, jumped to defend the reputation of the UK and distance themselves from this glaring truth.Yet, at the time of writing, no less than five bobbies on the beat have come forward to confirm that there ARE estates where they will only patrol out of uniform.There is fear among the police AND the public.I work with a team of cameramen in town who text their wives and partners on the hour to confirm they are safe.My family is not keen for me to be in the capital.Some friends will no longer come to London.How do you feel about the security of the city s shopping centres right now, after what happened in Paris?I watch the BBC news, our national broadcaster, ramming home messages of inclusiveness.Today they gave platform to a representative of the Muslim community telling Trump he is an Islamophobe and is not welcome here.But that s not my voice. That is not the voice of a nation. All Brits don t think that way.Being force-fed multi-culturalism brought us to this place. When the only permitted message is acceptance, any views to the contrary result in a label to shame you into silence.Racist! Islamophobe! Nazi!Don t just stick a label it. Be curious. Wonder, how has Trump come to articulate the views of a majority of Republicans across the States?Because I don t buy into the clear divide between extremist Muslims and peaceful ones. I don t see these as two separate entities. It is a sliding scale, a spectrum. From utterly peaceful, to ambivalence to sympathising, to extremist, to a man blowing up buses in Woburn Place.It is the same slippery slope which sees regular mosque attendees from Luton slip off to Syria to join ISIS. And suddenly a tight knit Muslim community knows nothing.Not the local imam, not local families, no one. No one denouncing terrorism. Just a wall of silence. In our country.Hate hidden behind walls we are told to accept and tolerate because we are multi-cultural. Repeat after me. Multi-cultural.History teaches us lessons were refuse to learn.The IRA would not have enjoyed decades of success without many among the Northern Irish Catholic population acting just the same way as the imams and family and friends of extremists in Luton today.We have gone too far and lost control of vast swathes of our country. In part we ARE a radicalised nation and it does nobody any favours to deny the obvious.Trump wants to call a temporary halt to Muslim immigration until America figures out what is going on.Adversaries may be quick to jump on Trump and make him the problem.But look around. You are too busy gazing at the fluff in your navel to see the gangrene in your foot.You lost sight of terrifying.It isn t a big, brash American untroubled by the need to be loved. It is the march of ISIS and the so-called Islamic State.You may want to distance yourself from Trump. You may want to carry on navel gazing.But for many Americans, Europe is rapidly becoming an example of everything they never want to be. Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
21240,"CHILLING UNDERCOVER VIDEO Exposes Discrimination, Relationships With Judges And Arbitrary Criteria Used To Deny Gun Permits","Alex Roubian, head of the New Jersey 2nd Amendment Society goes undercover to expose the truth about how  the state of New Jersey makes it almost impossible to obtain a gun permit. Here, he explains to New Jersey 101.5 radio host why he made the video and what he found:Here is the actual undercover footage:The group s president, Alexander P. Roubian, said on the New Jersey 101.5 radio show Tuesday morning he s distributing an undercover video each day this week exposing how difficult it is to apply for a gun permit. The latest video is the raw, uncut footage that shows not only the sexism which has been occurring, but also the discrimination against the disabled, discrimination against the young, discrimination against the old, where a police officer arbitrarily states that he wants to deny people   and he is denying people   because of his feelings. Not because of anything else except for his feelings,  Roubian said.He gave the example of Chris Garey, Detective Sergeant not wanting to give a petite woman a gun because he thinks she might not be able to handle it. This has been going on for years,  Roubian said.  This is no secret. What we re doing is documenting it. According to Roubian, the discrimination is allowed to happen because it s done by the government, but if ordinary citizens were to discriminate like this, there would be consequences. He s asking people to watch the videos and to hold Gov. Chris Christie and New Jersey s police departments accountable by asking them whether they condone or condemn this type of conduct.Roubian also called criticisms of private, home gun shops  fear-mongering at its best.  He noted that in 45 other states police have no interaction with people applying for gun permits. Instead, your background check is executed by a gun store. This isn t about being pro-cop/anti-cop. It s about the system,  Roubian said.Roubian and I stand as supporters of home gun shops, and agreed that they should be allowed to exist. After all, there isn t any documented case of an issue with these federally permitted stores.Interestingly enough, near the end of the video, the police officer featured in this video admits he believes we should all have guns. So, if he really believes that, why does he work so hard to discourage people who come to him from obtaining gun permits? ",0
21241,ISLAMIC TERRORIST ORGANIZATION Joins Obama And Friends To Condemn Trump’s ‘No New Muslim Immigrants’ Position,"What does Obama, the Democrat Party, the state-run media and faux conservatives in Congress all have in common with Hamas? They all want to take down Trump TEL AVIV   Palestinian terrorist organizations did not take kindly to Donald Trump s call for a  total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country s representatives can figure out what is going on. Responding to Trump s proposal, Ismail Radwan, a Hamas leader and spokesman in Gaza, told Breitbart Jerusalem:  We do not estimate that the current U.S. administration, any administration, will implement these racist suggestions. This is a pathetic attempt to attribute terror exclusively to Muslims. Radwan, whose group s charter calls for the murder of Jews and the destruction of Israel, lectured Trump:  Islam is a religion of peace, a religion which opposes bloodshed. Radwan glossed over Hamas  own long and sordid history of bloodshed in the name of Islam, including thousands of terrorist attacks that have killed hundreds of Israelis. Hamas has been responsible for suicide bombings, shootings, and rocket attacks targeting Israeli neighborhoods.Abu al-Ayna al-Ansari, a senior Salafi jihadist in the Gaza Strip, also sounded off to Breitbart Jerusalem on Trump s remarks.Supporters might argue that Trump s shutdown could stop future terrorist attacks. Ansari, however, claimed that, because of leaders like Trump,  the American people are risking more terrorist attacks from our brothers, fighters of the Islamic State. We Muslims have grown used to these types of statements, which prove that the U.S. under any president will continue to be hostile towards Muslims,  added Ansari.The jihadist went on to claim that Trump s sentiments exposed the  truth  about American leaders.  They claim to stand for human rights, while in actuality they carry out the same policy as that of the infidel crusading West, which oppresses the Muslims. Trump should know that a new generation of Muslims has risen, a generation that is capable of handling people like him and countries like the U.S.,  Ansari added.Speaking on ABC s  Good Morning America  on Tuesday, Trump clarified that under his proposal American Muslims can come and go as they please.Trump expressed his hopes that a shutdown  will go quickly,  as soon as  our leaders figure out what the hell is going on. If a person is a Muslim, goes overseas and comes back, they can come back. They re a citizen. That s different,  Trump explained.  But we have to figure things out. Speaking on CNN on Tuesday, Trump warned that the country risks more terrorist attacks if his plan for a temporary ban on Muslim immigration is not implemented. You re going to have many more World Trade Centers if you don t solve it   many, many more and probably beyond the World Trade Center,  Trump told CNN s Chris Cuomo.Trump speculated that there are already terrorists inside the country.  They want our buildings to come down; they want our cities to be crushed.   They are living within our country. And many of them want to come from outside our country. In a statement released to reporters on Monday, Trump cited a poll from the Center for Security Policy showing that segments of the Muslim population hold anti-American views.According to Pew Research, among others, there is great hatred toward Americans by large segments of the Muslim population. Most recently, a poll from the Center for Security Policy released data showing  25% of those polled agreed that violence against Americans here in the United States is justified as a part of the global jihad  and 51% of those polled  agreed that Muslims in America should have the choice of being governed according to Shariah. Trump urged Americans to better understand the ideology of radical Islam before allowing Muslims into the country. Without looking at the various polling data, it is obvious to anybody the hatred is beyond comprehension. Where this hatred comes from and why we will have to determine. Until we are able to determine and understand this problem and the dangerous threat it poses, our country cannot be the victims of horrendous attacks by people that believe only in Jihad, and have no sense of reason or respect for human life. Via: Breitbart News",0
21242,BOMBSHELL: President Carter Banned Iranians From America During Hostage Crisis,"Thanks to Daniel Greenfield for digging up this bombshell of a fact: Carter did what Trump just announced he d like to do. This reminds us all (I hope) that we ve been doing this Muslim terrorism thing for waaay too long! It s been decades of dealing with this barbaric behavior and hate. If you ve never seen  ARGO , please make time to watch it! It s a really great flashback of terrorism in the 70 s but we re STILL dealing with this evil remember Benghazi? Here s a trailer from the movie about the hostage crisis in 1979 under President Jimmy Carter: So who s the Hitler now? The name calling has been so over the top against Trump that it s almost embarrassing. The RINO Republicans (Lindsey Graham) and liberal press (Shepard Smith) were absolutely ridiculous! Take the emotion out of this and look at the facts!During the Iranian hostage crisis, Carter issued a number of orders to put pressure on Iran. Among these, Iranians were banned from entering the United States unless they oppose the Shiite Islamist regime or had a medical emergency.Here s Jimmy  Hitler  Carter saying it back in 1980.Fourth, the Secretary of Treasury [State] and the Attorney General will invalidate all visas issued to Iranian citizens for future entry into the United States, effective today. We will not reissue visas, nor will we issue new visas, except for compelling and proven humanitarian reasons or where the national interest of our own country requires. This directive will be interpreted very strictly.Apparently barring people from a terrorist country is not against  our values  after all. It may even be  who we are . Either that or Carter was a racist monster just like Trump.Meanwhile here s how the Iranian students in the US were treated.Carter orders 50,000 Iranian students in US to report to immigration office with view to deporting those in violation of their visas. On 27 December 1979, US appeals court allows deportation of Iranian students found in violation.In November 1979, the Attorney General had given all Iranian students one month to report to the local immigration office. Around 7,000 were found in violation of their visas. Around 15,000 Iranians were forced to leave the US.Meanwhile any Iranians entering the US were forced to undergo secondary screening.Interestingly enough, Carter did this by invoking the Nationality Act of 1952. A law originally opposed by Democrats for its attempt to restrict Communist immigration to the United States. If this oasis of the world should be overrun, perverted, contaminated, or destroyed, then the last flickering light of humanity will be extinguished,  Senator McCarran said of the law. He was a Democrat.Now unlike Muslims, Iranians were not necessarily supportive of Islamic terrorism. Many were and are opponents of it. Khomeini didn t represent Iran as a country, but his Islamist allies. So Trump s proposal is far more legitimate than Carter s action. Carter targeted people by nationality. Trump s proposal does so by ideology.Read more: FRONTPAGE MAGAZINE",0
21243,"HELL FREEZES OVER…Or Does It? [Video] Hundreds Of Muslims In Dearborn, MI Take To Streets To Protest ISIS","It only took what 14 years for this to happen? 9-11-01 is a memory that is etched in the minds of every American. One of the most distinctive memories many of us have following the attack by Muslim extremists on our country, was the deafening silence from the huge Muslim community in Dearborn, MI.The protest against ISIS in the majority Muslim community of Dearborn, MI is a good start. Americans can t help but wonder though, why it took so long for Muslims to protest these acts of terror by Islamic extremists? Is it because they ve come to the realization that ISIS is not particularly discriminating about who they target? You can t help but notice the Muslims in this video are carrying a huge sign telling Muslims that 99.9% of ISIS victims are actually Muslims. And you certainly can t help but question where were all the protests when Al-Qaeda and other terror networks announced they were specifically targeting the West.There is no doubt there are Muslim Americans who love this country. Why wouldn t they? We offer freedom of religion, free education, housing, healthcare and food benefits. What we really need to see is that love for country extended to the love for their neighbors, for their Christian and Jewish neighbors specifically. This protest is a good start, but when Muslims make an honest attempt to assimilate in our country, instead of coming here with the intent of maintaining Sharia law and replacing our cultures and religious values with theirs. When they make an attempt to assimilate, that s when we ll know and believe they are truly interested in becoming Americans, not transplanted Muslims from overseas working to turn America into a Sharia compliant nation.",0
21244,Democrat Mayor Proclaims He’s Barring Trump From Entering St Petersburg,"We can all breathe a sigh of relief, knowing that the only reason for the mayor s ridiculous tweet is partisan politics. Could you imagine if a Mayor of any major (or even minor) city barred Obama from their city during his Presidential bid?  Racist  wouldn t have been a strong enough word I am hereby barring Donald Trump from entering St. Petersburg until we fully understand the dangerous threat posed by all Trumps.  Rick Kriseman (@Kriseman) December 8, 2015Based on the latest polls, St. Petersburg, FL mayor, Rick Kriseman may want to re-think his decision, since it appears not everyone in Florida agrees with him: ",0
21245,OBAMA REGIME Uses Image Of U.S. Constitution In Spanish Speaking Ad Encouraging Illegals To Become Citizens/Voters,"A shameless promotion of amnesty by our Feds. Obama and the Democrats are willing to do whatever it takes It s all about the votes The Obama administration is encouraging the 8.8 million eligible lawful permanent residents to become U.S. citizen with efforts aimed at raising awareness about the process and pressing more immigrants to naturalize.Just for fun the Obama regime threw in this silly little reminder (see end of tweet where VOTE is prominently displayed in upper case letters. This tweet (featured in the Spanish speaking video) basically serves as a reminder: If you gain your citizenship through our efforts, you must vote to keep the Democrats (who were willing to sell out their nation) in office Monday, U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services   the agency responsible for overseeing immigration to the U.S.   is out with a video composed of a compilation of  six word  entries via social media from  citizens of any country, living anywhere  about what U.S. citizenship means to them. Back in September, we asked you to share what U.S. citizenship means to you in six words using the hashtag: #citizenship6. You responded in ways that touched us, challenged us and showed us that one word has so many meanings,  the agency explained.The agency released two versions of the video one in English and one in Spanish. We also created banners for our home page that we ll post over the coming months. Enjoy the video, and please share it with your friends and family!  the agency added.In order to naturalize most applicants must demonstrate they can understand, read, write, and speak basic English.",0
21246,"U.S. Air Force Runs Out Of Bombs To Drop On ISIS…Don’t Worry Though, Barry’s Got This","Bombs a-w oh, never mind Things must be going well in the  war on terror,  as the US Air Force just admitted that it is fast running out of bombs to drop on ISIS after  B-1s have dropped bombs in record numbers.  As ZeeNews reports, Air Force chief of staff General Mark Welsh said as America ramps up its military campaign against the Islamist terror group, the Air Force is now  expending munitions faster than we can replenish them. The US Air Force is fast running out of bombs to drop on ISIS targets in Syria and Iraq after its pilots fired off over 20,000 missiles and bombs since the US bombing campaign against the terror group began 15 months ago, its chief has said. As ZeeNews reports, B-1s have dropped bombs in record numbers. F-15Es are in the fight because they are able to employ a wide range of weapons and do so with great flexibility. We need the funding in place to ensure we re prepared for the long fight,  Welsh said in the statement. This is a critical need,  he said.The bombing campaign has left the US Air Force with what an Air Force official described as munitions depot stocks  below our desired objective. The Air Force has requested additional funding for Hellfire missiles and is developing plans to ramp up weapons production to replenish its stocks more quickly. But replenishing that stock can take  up to four years from time of expenditure to asset resupply,  the official told CNN. The precision today s wars requires demands the right equipment and capability to achieve desired effects. We need to ensure the necessary funding is in place to not only execute today s wars, but also tomorrow s challenges,  the official said. As The Washington Times concludes, Russia has been bombing ISIS positions sporadically while France and Great Britain are now active in the American-led coalition which could relieve some pressure.Much larger potential adversaries like Russia or China most surely are following this development carefully. If the USAF cannot sustain a trickling battle against a poorly armed, medieval enemy, fighting a superpower military is obviously beyond its capability.Via: Zero Hedge",0
21247,HIGH SCHOOL V.P. Warns Students: “Only terrorists we need to fear are “domestic white ‘Christian’ men with easy access to guns.”,"It s a wonder we have any sane children coming out of our Leftist indoctrination think tanks that are being passed off as  schools.  The  Vote Bernie  is an especially nice touch The vice principal of Camden Hills Regional High School has America s enemy all figured out:  domestic white  Christian  men with easy access to guns. After a lone gunman killed two civilians and a police officer in Colorado Springs, Colorado, the vice principal, Piet Lammert, took to Facebook to post his thoughts the next day:It s Small Business Saturday. Buy localThere s a show in the Strom tonight. Buy ticketsThe only terrorists we need to fear are domestic white  Christian  men with easy access to guns. Vote BernieThat is all. Enjoy your dayFive Town CSD Superintendent Maria Libby criticized the post, but defended the administrator. I know Piet and he s someone who genuinely accepts all people,  Libby tells WGME.  The post does not reflect who he is as a person. She didn t stop there. It was a mistake,  Libby says.  It was a poor choice in words and it should never have been posted.  The superintendent didn t specific what words would have been better to say.After it was posted, Libby said the situation  has been handled,  without giving any specifics. I have investigated it and I have taken appropriate action,  Libby would only say.Lammert took to Facebook to apologize to  those I offended,  but also to attempt to explain his comments.I am writing to take responsibility and apologize for a post that I made on my private Facebook account yesterday. I mistakenly left my setting open to  Public  and in doing so made a post that offended some members of our community and beyond. I deeply regret doing so, take full responsibility, and hope that those I offended will accept my apology.Apparently still feeling the public blow back from his remarks, the school administrator posted another apology, saying it was  an exaggeration. With true humility, I write to apologize for the offensive statement that I recently posted on Facebook. I did not intend this statement literally when I wrote it it was an exaggeration but soon after realized that it was unintentionally hurtful, offensive, and divisive at a time when more than ever we need compassion and understanding.In short, I did not mean what I said and wish with all my heart that I could take it back. But I need to take responsibility for it nonetheless, because I wrote it. It does not represent who I am or what I believe, but I wrote it. This post is an effort to at least begin to make amends.Had I simply written what I meant, the post would have reflected my urgent distress at the epidemic of mass violence in our country, which more recent events have proven to span all social groups. Ironically, in my effort to point out that we run the risk of simplifying the problem by singling out a particular ethnic group, I did exactly that to the group to which I belong. It was careless and rash.Lambert appears to have removed the offensive post from his Facebook page. He did however, leave this post up on his page, just in case anyone wonders where he stands on the  evil  NRA. Note the cute little nickname he appears to have given them:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>NRA: Not Really ApplicablePosted by Piet Lammert on Monday, December 17, 2012WGME attempted to contact the public employee, but Lammert reportedly ignored their requests. Via: EAG News",0
21248,CHRISTIAN HIGH SCHOOL Told By State They Are No Longer Allowed To Pray Before Games,"The drip drip drip of communism Leftists are stealing our rights and freedom while Americans can t be bothered with  politics  because they re too busy watching the Kardashians The Florida High School Athletics Association recently denied a request by two Christian schools to broadcast a prayer before a championship game at Orlando s Citrus Bowl Stadium.Cambridge Christian School in Tampa and the University Christian School out of Jacksonville are playing in the District 2-A high school football championships today and coaches from both teams submitted a request to ensure a 30-second prayer over the loudspeaker before kickoff, Bay News 9 reports.But Roger Dearing, director of the Florida High School Athletics Association, denied the request for two main reasons. The facility is a public facility, predominantly paid for with public tax dollars, makes the facility  off limits  under federal guidelines and precedent court cases,  Dearing wrote in an emailed response to the teams.  In Florida Statutes, the FHSAA (host and coordinator of the event) is legally a  State Actor,  we cannot legally permit or grant permission for such an activity. Cambridge head of school Tim Euler doesn t agree with Dearing s ruling. We ve played 13 football games this year,  he told Bay News 9  We ve prayed before every one of them. Here s the problem,  Euler told WTSP.  The Florida Legislature is opened up with prayer in a building that is paid by tax dollars. What is the difference? If they can pray there, we can pray here, and I want them to be able to pray there and I want us to be able to pray here,  he added.  So I think (Dearing s) reasoning is flawed at the core of it. Euler said Friday morning, hours before the game s 1 p.m. start time, that it s unlikely the teams would be able to reverse the decision, but believes it s important to highlight the problem, nonetheless. What we really want to do is raise awareness,  he told Bay News 9.  All we re asking for is an opportunity for two Christian schools to pray. WTSP attempted to contact the Florida High School Athletic Association about the ruling, but the agency ignored its request.WTSP reporter Mike Deeson posted about the controversy on Facebook. I was disappointed the Florida High School Athletic Association didn t return our calls,  he wrote.  I wanted to know how the legislature opens with a prayer in a taxpayer owned building with state employees, yet FHSAA maintains a prayer couldn t be said in a taxpayer funding facility the Citrus Bow that was sanctioned by state employees, members of FHSAA. Something doesn t make sense when you compare the two   but they NEVER returned our calls,  Deeson posted.  In my opinion that was a BAD PR MOVE! Readers, of course, were enraged by the FHSAA s decision. I think it s absolutely ridiculous that they will not let two Christian schools pray before their game,  Mary Salvatore posted to Facebook.  And you wonder why we have so many mass shootings across the country! So PC and so tolerant that you become intolerant,  Robert Rosengarten added.  Let them pray, who gives a f. If they want to pray to Jesus, Allah, the flying spaghetti monster, let them, who cares. Who s to stop them?  Daniel Suarez questioned.  What if both teams come together before the game and pray? What if all in the stands begin to pray? Who would it hurt?  Via: EAG News",0
21249,Dinesh D’Souza DESTROYS Leftist College Student’s “White Privilege” Argument [VIDEO],"This is a MUST watch from start to finish. There has never been a leftist who can defeat the brilliant Dinesh D Souza in a debate. He is a gift to conservatism and if we are ever going to win the war against the Left, it is in everyone s best interest to listen to what this brilliant man has to say and learn how to turn the argument back on these faux moralists. The best part of the discussion between this leftist Amherst student and Dinesh D Souza comes at the 5:40 mark and again at the 10:15 mark: History is very complicated. Let me give you an example of India, so we can look at this at the level of theory. India was invaded by the British, and earlier by the Afghans, and the Persians and the Mongols. So you have all these successive invasions. Right? Are you actually saying that you believe in a rule of social justice today, that says globally lets look at this as a global rule of justice I m gonna figure out whose ancestors did what to whom and I m going to return goods that were illicitly taken from the beginning, to the people who had it originally. Do you believe that s a viable way to organize our society? Do you believe, if I can ask you a direct question, that you are the benefit of  white privilege  here at Amherst? The rest is pure gold Since you are an acknowledged beneficiary of illicit  white privilege.  Would you be willing to step aside, voluntarily, putting your own moral mouth where your  self-proclaimed virtue  is, and give your seat, your seat, not my seat, I realize you may be super generous with other people s advantages and favor affirmative action so other white kids who apply to Amherst are turned away  to open spaces for minorities. But I m not talking about you acting out you acting out your virtue on them. I m talking about you acting out your virtue on you. Are you willing to give up your illicit seat, that you don t deserve here at Amherst to make room for a disadvantaged minority? Yes or no?   ",0
21250,TRUMP SPOKESPERSON Delivers A Knockout Punch To Arrogant CNN Host [Video],Trump Spokesperson Katrina Pierson:  When was the last time you fact checked Barack Obama?  I love her!!! ,0
21251,TRUCK DRIVER Attaches Hysterical Deterrents To His Truck Designed To Keep Illegal Muslim Refugees From Hitching Rides [VIDEO],"Truck drivers are 100% Fed Up with illegal Muslim refugees attempting to get across France border to UK by breaking into their trucks as they approach the border. Click HERE to watch violent attacks on drivers and their trucks by refugees who are desperate to get into semi-radicalized UK. A video has emerged on social media of a truck that is destined for Britain on which the driver has attached raw pork to keep Muslim migrants for climbing aboard.The video shows a German truck waiting at Calais with at least four parts of the pig attached to its rear bumper.https://youtu.be/MENmWXQ_0U0The driver is believed to have impaled them on the body of the 18-wheeler in an attempt to keep desperate migrants from approaching his vehicle.Pig flesh, particularly the eating of such, is strongly forbidden in Islam.The meat chunks are seen secured to the foot of the truck s opening hatch, through the likes of which hundreds of determined Syrians   displaced by war   have snuck inside to secure an illegal passage into the UK.Drivers caught by border patrol with stowaways hidden in their cargo can face hefty fines and even imprisonment.Via:Breaking 911 ",0
21252,"ARMY OF ISIS Scientists Ready To Wage War Against EU: Have Already Smuggled Chemical, Biological And Nuclear Weapons Across Borders","But wait If WMD s have been banned by the international community, how is it possible for ISIS to use them against the West? Is the Left finally waking up to realize bad guys don t follow the rules? ISIS already has smuggled chemical and biological weapons into the EU The terror organisation has also recruited chemists and physicists Western governments warned to alert the public about potential attackISIS has recruited experts with chemistry, physics and computer science degrees to wage war with weapons of mass destruction against the West, a shocking European Parliament report has claimed.The terror organisation, according to the briefing document,  may be planning to try to use internationally banned weapons of mass destruction in future attacks .The document, which was compiled in the aftermath of the deadly attacks on Paris claimed that ISIS has already smuggled WMD material into Europe.Experts fear that ISIS will be able to exploit a failure of EU governments to share information on possible terrorists. Already, British police forces have been conducting exercises on how to deal with various types of terrorist attack. But the EU report claims that government should  consider publicly addressing the possibility of terrorist attack using chemical, biological, radiological or even nuclear materials .The report, ISIL/Da esh and  non-conventional  weapons of terror warns:  At present, European citizens are not seriously contemplating the possibility that extremist groups might use chemical, biological, radiological or nuclear (CBRN) materials during attacks in Europe. Under these circumstances, the impact of such an attack, should it occur, would be even more destabilising. Rob Wainwright, head of Europol said after the attacks on Paris:  We are dealing with a very serious, well-resourced, determined international terrorist organisation that is now active on the streets of Europe. This represents the most serious terrorist threat faced in Europe for 10 years. Mr Wainwright warned that ISIS had serious capabilities in terms of resources and manpower. Intelligence services have also been warned to screen returning Jihadi fighters for  specialist CBRN knowledge .  Interpol s monthly CBRN intelligence reports show numerous examples of attempts to acquire, smuggle or use CBRN materials.   Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
21253,REPORTER INTERVIEWING TRUMP Refers To CA Terrorists As “Regular people”…Trump’s Response Is Nothing Short Of Awesome," Well, I don t know. When you have pipe bombs laying all over the floor, I don t think they re  regular people.' That s not all  Trump had a few things to say about the Terrorist s family and some common sense advice for people who see something they suspect may be tied to terrorism in their neighborhoods as well https://youtu.be/9Vddc8t655E",0
21254,Obama’s Party With #BlackLivesMatter Organizer In White House On Eve Of FBI’s Terror Attack Confirmation [VIDEO],"The Obama s are classless we knew that. The Obama s guest list for their  Holiday party  apparently now includes Black Live Matter terror organizers not surprised. Barack Hussein Obama is not capable of saying  Merry Christmas  without listing 20 other holidays that might fall within a 6 month period of Christmas. He s just not capable of acknowledging Christmas without finding some way to marginalize it. Kinda like when he talks about America and yes, we all knew that.Behold your Narcissist in Chief and his unbelievably classless wife (video courtesy of Black Lives Matter organizer, Deray McKesson:.@POTUS & @FLOTUS, White House Reception tonight. pic.twitter.com/b8XQ058nbg  deray mckesson (@deray) December 5, 2015h/t Weasel Zippers",0
21255,NOT KIDDING: CNN Asks Widow Of Jewish Terror Victim If He Had It Coming? [VIDEO],"Islamic terrorist Syed Farook threatened his coworkers at work. Farook reportedly threatened conservative Nicholas Thalasinos before the attack:Farook had been threatening him, telling him that islam will rule the world, Christians and Jews deserve to die; and that he (Nicholas) was going to die. // <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>The islamic terrorist who took the Life of my friend & bro in Christ, Nicholas Thalasinos, on yesterday in San Posted by CV Claverie on Thursday, December 3, 2015// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Posted by CV Claverie on Friday, December 4, 2015Nicholas Thalasinos was murdered by Syed Farook on Wednesday.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21256,SHE SHOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN ALLOWED To Step Foot On American Soil: How Female Terrorist Used Fake Info To Get US Visa,"CAN WE JUST STOP ALLOWING Muslim Refugees and visitors into U.S. from countries who hate us already? How about we focus on the 1% of Pakistani s who are Christian that face daily persecution at the hands of Muslims?UPDATE: Tashfeen Malik posted a pledge of allegiance to ISIS before her deadly attack. She used a fake address on her passport.Via ABC:For the visa application, the address she listed in her Pakistani hometown, ABC News discovered today, does not exist. Malik received a her Green Card this summer, U.S. officials said.Tashfeen Malik, the female terrorist involved in the San Bernardino attack should have never been granted an American visa if the Immigration and Nationality Act holds any weight.Malik, who was found to have a Pakistani passport, obtained the K-1 visa in Islamabad, Pakistan. However, American visa laws that are meant to detect potential terror threats trying to infiltrate the country should have blocked the female jihadist from obtaining that visa.As the Center for Immigration Services notes, Section 214(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act states that  individuals who appear likely to overstay their temporary visas and try to settle permanently in the United States are not to be issued one. The regulation is meant to detect individuals seeking a visa who do not have permanent families in their home country and whether or not they have enough money to travel back to their home country once their visa is expired.This screening process is meant to expose individuals trying to to get into the country for the purpose of resettling permanently and overstaying their visa, as so many do.Nonetheless, Malik was able to obtain a visa in Islamabad despite the screening process which should have detected the fact that she was a young woman resettling in the US to potentially raise a family with her radical jihadist husband Syed Farook.Malik passed her DHS screening:Under Section 214(b), Malik should have been denied a visa, as there was ample evidence that she would overstay her visa.But, Malik could have obtained her visa the same way the 9/11 hijackers obtained theirs: through the  Visa Express  program.As reported by The Hayride, the Visa Express program allowed 9/11 hijackers Abdulaziz Alomari, Salem al Hamzi, and Khalid al Midhar to obtain their visas in Saudi Arabia without even being interviewed by consular officials at the American consulate.The terrorists simply obtained their visas by sending officials their applications and supporting documents through a designated travel agency.This allowed the three terrorists to go undetected despite red-flags that they were single, young men with not enough funds to return back to their home countries once their visas expired.Likewise, if Malik gained her visa through the  Visa Express  program at the American consulate in Islamabad, it would explain how she was allowed to enter the country despite overwhelming suspicions that she would overstay her visa.The Immigration and Naturalization Service (INS) admits that there are so many visas given out each year around the world that it is impossible to conduct background checks on every single person.And, we all saw what happened yesterday in San Bernardino.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21257,AS JIHADI’S TIES TO ISIS Are Exposed…Obama’s DOJ Tells Muslims: “We stand with you in this”,"As one would expect the Obama regime is tripping all over the dead bodies of this tragedy to promote gun control. They only take a break from their embarrassing behavior to assure Muslim s they ve got their backs. Will this nightmare ever end?On Thursday, Attorney General Loretta Lynch, speaking at the Muslim Advocate s 10th anniversary dinner, shockingly refused to focus on the Muslim community after the terrorist attacks committed by Muslims in San Bernardino and Paris, instead. She reassured her audience,  We stand with you in this. In another astonishing moment, Lynch said that since the Paris attacks, her greatest concern has been the  incredibly disturbing rise of anti-Muslim rhetoric   that fear is my greatest fear.  One humdred thirty people were massacred by Muslim terrorists in Paris last month, added to the 17 killed in the Charlie Hebdo and kosher supermarket attacks in Paris, plus the 14 slaughtered in San Bernardino, the 13 soldiers murdered at Fort Hood, and the four Marines killed in Chattanooga. Lynch would not say how many Muslims have been killed in the United States because of backlash.Lynch pontificated,  When we talk about the First Amendment we [must] make it clear that actions predicated on violent talk are not American. They are not who we are, they are not what we do, and they will be prosecuted   My message not just to the Muslim community but to all Americans is  We cannot give in to the fear that these backlashes are really based on. The Obama Administration has been loath to ascribe any religious motive to Muslim terrorists, with the Defense Department referring to the Fort Hood slaughter as  workplace violence,  Obama himself saying the murderers at the kosher Paris supermarket  randomly shoot a bunch of folks in a deli in Paris,  and Obama assiduously avoiding any reference to Islam or Muslims in his statement after the massive Paris terror assault.Via: Breitbart News",0
21258,WHITE STUDENT UNION At CA University Mocks #BLM Terror Group…Publishes List of Their Demands,"Because everyone deserves a  safe space right? The White Student Union (WSU) at the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB), a new student club dedicated to creating a  safe, supportive and inclusive student community of European descent,  has recently released a  list of demands  that it expects the university to fulfill by the second week of the Winter quarter.The list protests anti-white  racism  and  marginalization  of students of European descent. Some of its demands include the creation of  white-student only rooms,  the hiring of  two permanent full-time admissions staff members of non self-hating Europe@n descent,  and the building of a white student center to be established and named  Napoleon Bonaparte Resource Center  among other demands. Here s the full list of demands for UCSB-WSU:FOR IMMEDIATE PRESS RELEASE:We, students of Europe@n descent at UCSB, refuse to accept the negative social climate created towards our peers of Europe@n descent and other marginalized groups. We have begun this movement, UCSB White Student Union, in an effort to change the status quo for a more just and inclusive environment within our campus. We demand that UCSB become a leader in the fight to promote a better social climate towards individuals who have been systematically oppressed. Student leaders acknowledge and support the demands previously stated and currently being presented. Furthermore, we demand that UCSB acknowledge its ethical and moral responsibilities as an institution and community of our world. UCSB should not be complicit in oppressive organizations and systems, no less.We as a compassionate student body have gathered to address the legacy of oppression against persons of Europe@n descent (PED) on campus. If these goals are not initiated within the next quarter, and completed by the second week of Winter Quarter, we will organize and respond by respectfully complaining.WE DEMAND the designation of four white-student only rooms at UCSB in the Anacapa Dorms that will be used by Cultural Affinity groups to provide a safe space for those who wish to learn about and celebrate Europe@n heritages and traditions, to be called the Hernan Cortes housing commons. UCSB White Student Union (WSU) members will be involved in a working group with the staff of the Residency department to begin discussions on the viability of the formation of Affinity Housing for those interested in European culture.WE DEMAND the creation of a White Student Development Resource Center, to be named the Napoleon Bonaparte Resource Center, with a designated office space as well as safe space for hosting events, at a central campus location. This center is to be under the purview of the White Student Development Office, which is to be formed immediately. A shocking 67% of students of Europe@n descent report being othered and marginalized because of their white identity and Europe@n heritage. Some reasons for this are lack of adequate academic, financial and organizational support, and feelings of isolation from other students proud of their Europe@n heritage throughout the university. The resource center will serve as a space on campus for white students to gather, host programming, and to offer support to white student organizations, all contributing to community building, increased stability, and a greater feeling of belonging at the university.WE DEMAND the hiring of two permanent full-time admissions staff members of non self-hating Europe@n descent and a series of enhanced recruitment strategies, with a budget of $300,371, to recruit students of Europe@n descent to UCSB. We maintain that this funding comes from the Chancellor s office and not from the division of Student Affairs. These funds will be managed through the office of Admissions & Enrollment This funding will be used to bolster efforts in the Office of Undergraduate Admissions and bridges Multicultural Resource Center. The recruitment of additional students of Europe@n descent is imperative to create a student body that is representative of the California population. A critical mass of students of Europe@n descent will surely help to alleviate the incredibly hostile campus climate white students have had to endure for decades as consistently evidenced by campus climate surveys. While there are already staff of Europe@n descent, many of them are self-hating PED who do not effectively promote the interests of students of Europe@n descent.WE DEMAND that UCSB provide an additional stipend to campus police officers to patrol campus grounds and the Isla Vista community in an effort to more effectively discover and subsequently root out and punish any and all forms of speech that are deemed offensive to students of Europe@n descent, including but not limited to:  Cracker,   Stupid white people ;  OMG, you are so white ;  Where are you from? ;  No, I mean like what part of Europe? ;  Wow, I bet you get sunburned really easily! ;  you wouldn t understand because you re white ;  don t eat this; it s too spicy for you ;  honky (and any variants thereof) ;  Surrendering like a Frenchman! ; and so forth. Currently, campus police officers are simply not equipped to provide UCSB white students a safe space. Saying any of the things listed above should merit immediate expulsion and arrest in order to effectively maintain a s@fe space.WE DEMAND that UCSB and campus police immediately prohibit on pain of expulsion and imprisonment any future parties and other festivities at UCSB or in Isla Vista that have the following (non-exhaustive list of) themes that may further marginalize and trigger white identities and white-identified students: Charlie Sheen Theme; a France Theme; a Britain Theme; a St. Patrick s Day Theme; an Irish Theme; a Scotland Theme; a Spain Theme; an Andorra Theme; a Switzerland Theme; a Swiss Theme; a Belgium Theme; a German Theme; an Austria Theme; an Italy Theme; a  King and Queen  Theme; a Catholics vs. Protestants Theme; a George Washington Theme; a Colonial Theme; a Pirate Theme; a Denmark Theme; a Finland Theme; an Iceland Theme; a Portugal Theme; an Oktoberfest Theme; a Ukraine Theme; a Belarus Theme; a Hungary Theme; a Slovakia Theme; a Czech Republic Theme; a Norway Theme; a Croatia Theme; a Bulgaria Theme; a Russia Theme; a Serbia Theme; a Greece Theme; a Netherlands Theme; a Luxembourg Theme; an Albania Theme (especially as relates to the movie  Taken ); and so forth.WE DEMAND the creation and implementation of a mandatory White Cultural Competency Training and a Diversity Requirement, which all students and all faculty must go through to enter UCSB to foster a more diverse and inclusive environment. The requirement and training will teach participants how to appreciate and uphold Europe@n cultures on campus and will also outline what phrases and words (earlier mentioned) to avoid saying to prevent triggering white-identified students and to avoid the further marginalization of white identities at UCSB.Lastly, WE DEMAND that all UCSB administrators and faculty issue a statement of apology to faculty, staff and administrators of Europe@n descent as well as their allies, neither of whom were provided a safe space for them to thrive while at UCSB.Several items on the list look similar to those created by black separatist groups such as the Black Student Union (BSU) and the Afrikan Student Association (ASA). Here is a list of demands made by black students earlier this year, in which the Afrikan Black Coalition (ABC) at the University of California (UC), Berkeley demanded that a campus building called Barrows Hall be changed to Assata Shakur Hall after FBI-listed terrorist and Black Panther activist Assata Shakur.Many Americans are wondering if the White Student Union s activism, which includes a  White Student Walk Out  scheduled for this upcoming January, will play out similarly to student uprisings led by black separatist groups, with some even predicting that a white student uprising in response to the recent events at Mizzou would take place:A student member of the UCSB-WSU told The Daily Wire that the group is necessary in order to protect  white-identified  UCSB students from anti-white oppression and  marginalization. After realizing the rampant amount of marginalization, oppression, and othering of white-identified students, we knew we had to act to protect persons of Europe@n descent (PED) at UCSB. We hope that these demands are heard and carried out by UCSB. The safety of students of Europe@n descent depends on this. We feel that our voices need to be heard. Instead, they have been silenced and we have been subjected to hateful vitriol merely for wanting a s@fe space.  Via: Daily Wire",0
21259,HOLY FREEDOM OF SPEECH! Obama’s Attorney General Promises To Punish Americans For Anti-Muslim Speech…UPDATE: Why Lynch May Be “Most Likely Candidate” To Quickly Push Through Supreme Court Justice Nomination Process,"UPDATE: A leading Supreme Court analyst thinks Attorney General Loretta Lynch is the  most likely candidate  to replace the late conservative Justice Antonin Scalia.Tom Goldstein, who runs the influential SCOTUSblog, had earlier predicted Ninth Circuit Judge Paul Watford would make the top of President Obama s shortlist. But in a revised blog post, Goldstein said he now believes Lynch is the leading contender.Lynch is a  very serious possibility,  Goldstein wrote.  The fact that Lynch was vetted so recently for attorney general also makes it practical for the president to nominate her in relatively short order.  Via: NBC NewsSocial media users beware! You ve been warned by Obama s henchwoman, Attorney General Loretta Lynch The day after a horrific shooting spree by a  radicalized  Muslim man and his partner in San Bernardino, California, Attorney General Loretta Lynch pledged to a group of Muslim activists that she would take aggressive action against anyone who used  anti-Muslim rhetoric  that  edges toward violence. Speaking to the audience at the Muslim Advocate s 10th anniversary dinner Thursday, Lynch said her  greatest fear  is the  incredibly disturbing rise of anti-Muslim rhetoric  in America and vowed to prosecute any guilty of what she deemed violence-inspiring speech. She said:The fear that you have just mentioned is in fact my greatest fear as a prosecutor, as someone who is sworn to the protection of all of the American people, which is that the rhetoric will be accompanied by acts of violence. My message to not just the Muslim community but to the entire American community is: we cannot give in to the fear that these backlashes are really based on.Assuring the pro-Muslim group that  we stand with you,  Lynch said she would use her Justice Department to protect Muslims from  violence  and discrimination.Claiming that violence against Muslims is on the rise and citing France s clamp down on potentially radicalized mosques, Lynch suggested the Constitution does not protect  actions predicated on violent talk  and pledged to prosecute those responsible for such actions. When we talk about the First Amendment we [must] make it clear that actions predicated on violent talk are not American,  said Lynch.  They are not who we are, they are not what we do, and they will be prosecuted. My message not just to the Muslim community but to all Americans is  We cannot give in to the fear that these backlashes are really based on,'  said Lynch.It is painfully clear that, like her predecessor Eric Holder, Lynch is far more concerned with promoting the social justice agenda than protecting the Constitutional rights of American citizens. What exactly is speech that  edges toward violence ? What exactly are  actions predicated on violent talk ? In the end, it is whatever she decides it to mean. Via: Daily Wire",0
21260,GOP MAJORITY SENATE FINALLY GETS IT RIGHT: Votes To Gut Obamacare And Defund Planned Parenthood,"The Democrats tried to attach a gun control amendment to the bill, but Republicans blocked those amendments. Of course, Obama says he ll veto the bill. What the majority of Americans want is of no consequence to the King The U.S. Senate approved a bill Thursday that would strip Obamacare of key tax-raising features and would also eliminate taxpayer-funding of abortion businesses, including Planned Parenthood. For years, the American people have been calling on Washington to build a bridge away from Obamacare,  said Senate Majority Leader Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY). For years, Democrats prevented the Senate from passing legislation to do so. The 52 to 47 vote also would strip taxpayer funding from Planned Parenthood for one year. This measures has been pushed by a renewed call to defund the abortion business since the release of videos exposing the organization s apparent practices of harvesting body parts of unborn babies and altering the position of babies during abortions in order to harvest their intact organs.Sens. Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL), and Sen. Mike Lee (R-UT)challenged a repeal bill passed by the House for not going far enough. A conservative aide tells Breitbart News that Senate leadership is finally following their lead in keeping their promises to the American people who elected them.The measure, which passed 52-47 under the reconciliation budgetary process, will head to the House for a vote. The House passed a similar Obamacare repeal bill. The Senate and the House must soon approve identical bills before they can get to the president s desk.President Barack Obama, however, has already said he will veto the Senate bill.In the Senate, Democrats and several liberal Republicans tried but failed to gut the language that defunds Planned Parenthood from the bill.Family Research Council president Tony Perkins commended the U.S. Senate for approving the bill.  This is a huge victory for unborn children, their mothers, and for taxpayers,  Perkins said.  For the first time during the Obama presidency, both the U.S. Senate and House of Representatives have approved legislation that begins to end the forced partnership between taxpayers and Planned Parenthood. President Obama will now bear the moral responsibility for sending our tax dollars to a group that has engaged in the selling of baby body parts,  he continued.  Even if the President vetoes the bill, we ve still succeeded, because a Senate precedent has now been set for moving a similar measure forward when America finally has a President who understands the value of every person, born and unborn. Father Frank Pavone, national director of Priests for Life, also praised the Senate s approval of the legislation that would transfer taxpayer Medicaid money from Planned Parenthood to health care clinics that do not perform abortions.  It s an understatement to say that Planned Parenthood has shown itself unworthy of taxpayer support,  said Pavone.  The 325,000 lives it destroys every year are 325,000 reasons to redirect taxpayer funds to groups that provide health care without taking innocent lives. When there are legitimate health care providers that actually help women and their babies, it s a travesty to give one dime to Planned Parenthood,  he added.  The Senate is to be commended for standing up for women, their children, and taxpayers who object to subsidizing a billion-dollar abortion business. The bill would also end the individual mandate of Obamacare that requires most people to purchase health insurance, and strip the authority of the federal government to run health care exchanges. Via: Breitbart News ",0
21261,UNIVERSITY WARNS: Make Sure Your Holiday Party Is Not A “Christmas Party” In Disguise,"They wouldn t want to remind anyone the actual reason for the  holiday  season or God forbid, give some crazy Muslim terrorist an excuse to come in and shoot the place up The University of Tennessee, Knoxville Office of Diversity and Inclusion has come up with a list of  best practices  in order to ensure your  inclusive  workplace holiday party is  not a Christmas party in disguise  and that it refrains from being perceived as  endorsing religion generally. The  Best Practices for Inclusive Holiday Celebrations in the Workplace  holiday resource guide states that the public university  does not have an official policy regarding religious and cultural d cor and celebration in the workplace,  however,  we are fully committed to a diverse, welcoming, and inclusive environment. In order to  ensure your holiday party is not a Christmas party in disguise,  the Office of Diversity and Inclusion has come up with a list of ways for supervisors to encourage individuals to celebrate their own religions and cultures without allegedly excluding anyone or even being seen as  endorsing religion :Holiday parties and celebrations should celebrate and build upon workplace relationships and team morale with no emphasis on religion or culture. Ensure your holiday party is not a Christmas party in disguise.Consider having a New Year s party and include d cor and food from multiple religions and cultures. Use it as an opportunity to reinvigorate individuals for the New Year s goals and priorities. Supervisors and managers should not as well as, not be perceived as endorsing religion generally or a specific religion.If an individual chooses not to participate in a holiday party or celebration, do not pressure the person to participate. Participation should be voluntary.If a potluck-style party or celebration is planned, encourage employees to bring food items that reflect their personal religions, cultures, and celebrations. Use this as an opportunity for individuals to share what they brought and why it is meaningful to them.If sending holiday cards to campus and community partners, send a non-denominational card or token of your gratitude.Holiday parties and celebrations should not play games with religious and cultural themes. For example,  Dreidel  or  Secret Santa.  If you want to exchange gifts, then refer to it in a general way, such as a practical joke gift exchange or secret gift exchange.D cor selection should be general, not specific to any religion or culture. Identify specific dates when d cor can be put up and when it must come down.Refreshment selection should be general, not specific to any religion or culture.Most importantly, celebrate your religious and cultural holidays in ways that are respectful and inclusive of our students, your colleagues, and our university. Via: MRCTV",0
21262,No Joke! Chicago Cops Searching For Thug Dad Who Filmed Toddler Smoking Pot: “Inhale it” [Video],"Holy Smokes! This is what our world has come to?Chicago police are investigating a video posted to Facebook that appears to show a diaper-clad toddler smoking a marijuana joint as a man off-screen encourages the boy to  Inhale it. A community activist yesterday tipped cops to the clip, and Special Victims Unit detectives are now trying to identify who filmed the video, according to a Chicago Police Department spokesperson.It is unknown when or where the video which was posted to the Facebook page of a Chicago resident was recorded.Seen below, the 17-second clip found on Facebook shows the video playing on the screen of a cell phone, and it includes markings indicating that it may have previously been uploaded to some video sharing site.In the clip, a man s voice is heard directing the toddler to  Smoke, bro. Inhale it.  The man who appears to be filming the boy with his cell phone then says,  Let me hit that, okay?  Via: the smoking gun",0
21263,HOW SENATE DEMOCRATS PLAN TO FORCE GUN-CONTROL Amendment On GOP’s Bill To Repeal Obamacare,"No word yet on plans to de-fund State Department s Refugee Resettlement Program, that brings hundreds of thousands of Muslims to America from countries who hate us Reeling from the mass shooting in San Bernardino, Democrats will try to force the Senate to vote Thursday on legislation to stem gun violence.The specific measures are still being considered, but they would be proposed as amendments to a GOP package to repeal the Affordable Care Act.Passage of any effort to limit access to firearms appears unlikely, as Congress has been unable to build support for toughening the nation s gun-control laws in the face of opposition from the Nation Rifle Assn. Even in the aftermath of the mass shooting of elementary schoolchildren at Newtown, Conn., a measure to beef up laws failed.Other measures, including one to provide funding for federal health officials to study gun violence, may find broader support in Congress.We're going to force the Senate to vote today on amendments that do something to stop gun violence.  Senator Harry Reid (@SenatorReid) December 3, 2015Sen. Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic leader, said after Wednesday s shooting in California that gun violence has become a  cancer  on the nation. We are better than this,  Reid said.  This madness must stop. Via: Los Angeles Times",0
21264,LIST OF 22 TIMES OBAMA Called Phony Climate Change More Serious Than Terrorism,"Oh the irony of a terror attack by Muslims taking place on American soil on the heels of Obama s return from phony Climate Change Summit in Paris ISIS has taken responsibility for the horrifying attacks in Paris that have left more than 150 dead and hundreds wounded. French President Francois Hollande is calling for the closure of his country s borders. President Barack Obama didn t condemn Islamic radicals for the attacks, but he did call them  an outrageous attempt to terrorize innocent civilians  and  an attack on all of humanity and the universal values we share. Friday s deadly attacks thwarted Al Gore s long-planned Paris webcast and star-studded concert to promote climate change awareness. Out of solidarity with the French people and the City of Paris, we have decided to suspend our broadcast of 24 Hours of Reality and Live Earth,  the group said in an online statement.Coincidentally, in July 2008, Al Gore called climate change a more dangerous threat than terrorism.  I think that the climate crisis is, by far, the most serious threat we have ever faced,  Gore told ABC News.Below are 22 times Obama or his administration officials claimed climate change a greater threat than radical Islamic terrorism.In a January 15, 2008 presidential campaign speech on Iraq and Afghanistan, Barack Obama said the  immediate danger  of oil-backed terrorism  is eclipsed only by the long-term threat from climate change, which will lead to devastating weather patterns, terrible storms, drought, and famine. That means people competing for food and water in the next fifty years in the very places that have known horrific violence in the last fifty: Africa, the Middle East, and South Asia. Most disastrously, that could mean destructive storms on our shores, and the disappearance of our coastline. On January 26, 2009, Obama delivered remarks at the White House on the  dangers  of climate change:These urgent dangers to our national and economic security are compounded by the long-term threat of climate change, which, if left unchecked, could result in violent conflict, terrible storms, shrinking coastlines, and irreversible catastrophe.In May 2010, the Obama White House released it s national security strategy, which said,  At home and abroad, we are taking concerted action to confront the dangers posed by climate change and to strengthen our energy security.  The document declared climate change  an urgent and growing threat to our national security. On September 6, 2012, during his Democratic National Convention speech, Obama said,  Yes, my plan will continue to reduce the carbon pollution that is heating our planet, because climate change is not a hoax. More droughts and floods and wildfires are not a joke. They are a threat to our children s future.On January 23, 2013, in an address before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, Secretary of State John Kerry declared climate change among the top threats facing the United States.February 16, 2014, Secretary of State John Kerry addressed students in Indonesia and said that global warming is now  perhaps the world s most fearsome weapon of mass destruction. In a June 2014 interview, Obama said:When you start seeing how these shifts can displace people entire countries can be finding themselves unable to feed themselves and the potential incidence of conflict that arises out of that that gets your attention. There s a reason why the quadrennial defense review which the secretary of defense and the Joints Chiefs of Staff work on identified climate change as one of our most significant national security problems. It s not just the actual disasters that might arise, it is the accumulating stresses that are placed on a lot of different countries and the possibility of war, conflict, refugees, displacement that arise from a changing climate.During a September 2014 meeting with foreign ministers, Secretary of State John Kerry called Climate change a threat as urgent as ISIS.On September 24 2014, the Obama USDA launched its Global Alliance for Climate Smart Agriculture. In a memo posted by Secretary of State John Kerry, among other Obama administration officials, read, From India to the United States, climate change poses drastic risks to every facet of our lives. On October 29, 2014, in an address to the Washington Ideas Forum, Obama s Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said:From my perspective, within the portfolio that I have responsibility for security of this country climate change presents security issues for us. There s a security dynamic to that. As the oceans increase, it will affect our bases. It will affect islands. It will affect security across the world. Just from my narrow perspective, what I have responsibility for, that s happening now.During his 2015 State of the Union address, Obama said,  No challenge  poses a greater threat to future generations than climate change. In a February 2015 address to college students in Iowa, Vice President Joe Biden said  Global warming is the greatest threat to your generation of anything at all, across the board. On February 09, 2015, in an interview with Vox, Obama said he  absolutely  believes that the media  sometimes overstates the level of alarm people should have about terrorism  as opposed to  climate change. On February 10, 2015, when asked to confirm if this means Obama believes  the threat of climate change is greater than the threat of terrorism,  Earnest responded,  The point the president is making is that there are many more people on an annual basis who have to confront the impact, the direct impact on their lives, of climate change, or on the spread of a disease, than on terrorism. During his April 18, 2015 weekly address on climate change, Obama said,  Wednesday is Earth Day, a day to appreciate and protect this precious planet we call home. And today, there s no greater threat to our planet than climate change. In May 2015, the White House released a 1,300-page National Climate Assessment that declared climate change among the world s foremost threats.May 20, 2015 President Obama said in his keynote address to the U.S. Coast Guard Academy graduates:  Climate change, and especially rising seas, is a threat to our homeland security, our economic infrastructure, the safety and health of the American people. On July 13 2015, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency administrator Gina McCarthy and Obama s U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican Kenneth F. Hackett wrote in a joint blog post on the EPA website, praising Pope Francis for dedicating his second encyclical to urging swift action on global warming.McCarthy and Hackett wrote:As public servants working in both domestic policy and diplomacy, we understand the urgent need for global action. Climate impacts like extreme droughts, floods, fires, heat waves, and storms threaten people in every country and those who have the least suffer the most. No matter your beliefs or political views, we are all compelled to act on climate change to protect our health, our planet, and our fellow human beings.An Obama Defense Department report released on July 29, 2015 says climate change puts U.S. security at risk and threatens the global order:The report reinforces the fact that global climate change will have wide-ranging implications for U.S. national security interests over the foreseeable future because it will aggravate existing problems such as poverty, social tensions, environmental degradation, ineffectual leadership, and weak political institutions that threaten domestic stability in a number of countries.The report finds that climate change is a security risk because it degrades living conditions, human security, and the ability of governments to meet the basic needs of their populations. Communities and states that are already fragile and have limited resources are significantly more vulnerable to disruption and far less likely to respond effectively and be resilient to new challenges.In his August 28, 2015 weekly address, Obama said  This is all real. This is happening to our fellow Americans right now,  he said.  Think about that. If another country threatened to wipe out an American town, we d do everything in our power to protect ourselves. Climate change poses the same threat, right now. In a September address at the United Nations Climate Summit Obama said,  For all the immediate challenges that we gather to address this week terrorism, instability, inequality, disease   there s one issue that will define the contours of this century more dramatically than any other, and that is the urgent and growing threat of a changing climate. During a September 28 address at the United Nations, President Obama said that  We can roll back the pollution that we put in our skies,  adding that  No country can escape the ravages of climate change.  Via: Breitbart News",0
21265,#SanBernardino Terror Attack May Have Been Prevented If Neighbors Weren’t Afraid Of Being Accused Of “Profiling” [VIDEO],"Political correctness is literally killing America  Authorities on Wednesday night continued to investigate a Redlands home tied to Syed Farook, a suspect identified in connection with the mass shootings that killed at least 14 people and injured at least 17 people at a social services center in San Bernardino on Wednesday morning.A few hours after the mass shooting, authorities followed a tip to the home on Center Street in Redlands. As officers approached, the suspects fled in a dark SUV. A police pursuit ensued, ending back in San Bernardino, where a gun battle broke out.Two suspects   one male and one female   were killed in the shootout, Burguan said. He said both suspects were armed with assault rifles and handguns. A third person who fled from the shooting scene was detained after an extensive search. It was not immediately clear if that person was involved in the Inland Regional Center shooting.One police officer was wounded in the shooting, apparently from a ricochet, but was not seriously injured.As darkness fell, police continued to search the home in Redlands. Officers entered the home with a battering ram and were taking precautions due to a belief that the home could be rigged with explosives.It was believed that the Redlands home was the home of Syed Farook s sister and mother.The second shooting suspect who was killed in a shootout with authorities was identified as Farook s wife of two years, Tashfeen Malik, 27.Neighbors in Redlands were shocked that the suspects had ties to their area. I was in awe that it was happening four houses down from my property,  one neighbor said.A man who has been working in the area said he noticed a half-dozen Middle Eastern men in the area in recent weeks, but decided not to report anything since he did not wish to racially profile those people. We sat around lunch thinking,  What were they doing around the neighborhood?  he said.  We d see them leave where they re raiding the apartment.  Via: CBS Los Angeles",0
21266,GOP HOUSE LEADERSHIP Place Political Careers Before National Security: Why They Are Reportedly Caving (Again) To Democrats,"Is this why we worked so hard to get a GOP majority in the House and Senate? Spineless weasels Republican House members blasted their GOP leadership Wednesday for caving to Democratic leaders  demand that they abandon the House s bipartisan bill to tighten screening of refugee applicants from Syria and Iraq. The bill to bolster the Syrian and Iraqi [refugee] vetting process passed with a veto-proof majority and is supported by a vast majority of Americans,  said Rep. Richard Hudson (R-NC)57% , who is one of the two co-authors of the original House bill that GOP leaders are now abandoning. It would be a shame to bow to the wishes of Sen. Harry Reid (D-NV) and the White House, leaving our country vulnerable to foreign terrorism,  he told Breitbart News exclusively.After the Paris attacks that killed over 120 people, the House passed a bill   with a huge bipartisan majority   that would implement tough screening requirements for refugees. The bill was criticized by Democrats and President Obama, who vowed to veto the legislation and suggested that Republicans work with them to tighten oversight of visas given to legal visitors.Now, House Republican leaders are reportedly planning to abandon their original idea to tighten screening of refugees and are instead caving to Democrats who want to only fix security gaps in the legal-visitor visa program.Republican House leadership is backing away from the refugee problem because they fear their fix will be rejected by Democrats and lead to a partial government shut-down.Rep. Mo Brooks (R-AL) also told Breitbart News exclusively that he isn t  surprised  that Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) is following in the steps of former House Speaker Rep. John Boehner (R-OH)32% by bowing to Democrats, rather than putting up a fight.He called the original vote  a show vote  that was arranged by the leaders, and told Breitbart News that the entire refugee program needs to be stripped of its funding.Rep. Brian Babin (R-TX) told Breitbart News exclusively that GOP House leadership should fix both problems.  This should not be an either or question,  Babin said.  Both should be addressed in a timely manner. We should concern ourselves first and foremost with the safety and security of the American people. Babin recently released a letter, signed by more than 70 of his colleagues, calling on House leadership to include language in the must-pass omnibus spending bill that would defund the refugee resettlement program. More than 70 of my colleagues joined me in calling for an immediate suspension in the refugee program to give us time to put in place security measures that the Administration has failed to implement  Babin told Breitbart News. We must restore Congressional authority and ensure that Congress has a final sign-off on any Administration proposed Security measures. Congress has until December 11th to pass the omnibus bill.Via: Breitbart News",0
21267,Obama’s Gas-Guzzling Motorcade To Paris Climate Talks Had A Huge Price Tag For The American Taxpayer,"Are you sitting down? The phony baloney Climate Change Summit put on by our Dictator In Chief costs the American taxpayers close to $2 MILLION DOLLARS. Someone needs to shut this grifter down!Car service, hotels, and accommodations for the president and other administration officials to attend climate change talks in Paris are costing taxpayers nearly $2 million, according to government contracts.The COP21 meeting of global leaders, which President Obama said is a  powerful rebuke  to terrorists, began on Monday. Representatives from 195 countries traveled to Paris, burning 300,000 tons of carbon dioxide for the United Nations conference that is seeking to reduce global emissions.The tab for Obama s motorcade alone totals $784,825. The State Department issued a $407,868 contract to Biribin Limousines, an international chauffeur service, for vehicles for the president s security detail. No Sustainability Included,  the document states under a section for contract clauses.Numerous other contracts for passenger vehicle rentals, including $9,042 for accompanying press, totaled $376,957.Taxpayers were also billed $100,216 to book hotel accommodations for the president s stay. Hotel rooms and cell phones for the U.S. Secret Service traveling with the president cost $16,642 and $4,034, respectively.A number of cabinet secretaries are also in Paris for the United Nations conference, including IRS Commissioner John Koskinen, whose car service tab is $5,400.Secretary of State John Kerry s car service totaled $76,435, with three separate contracts worth $38,684, $15,789, and $21,962.Car service for Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz is costing $19,080, and two contracts worth $10,153 and $10,737 were issued for Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack s chauffeur service.Interior Secretary Sally Jewell is also attending the conference, with hotel accommodations at the Tuileries Finances in Paris costing $36,091, and her car service totaling $13,903.In all, costs associated with the climate change summit totaled $1,805,282.Read more: WFB",0
21268,ONLY DAYS AFTER ANNOUNCING Shameless Money Grab…Clock Boy Explains Why He Wants To Come Back To Texas,"It s hard to be famous for being a  victim  in an Arab Gulf state who settles their disputes in a Sharia Court of Law. Someone should have told  Clock Boy  that being a victim in a country where victims are plentiful isn t really that special. Unlike America, being accused of bringing a fake bomb to school in Qatar isn t likely a guarantee you ll land a visit with their King.Within days of demanding a total of $15 million from the City of Irving and the Irving Independent School District,  Clock Boy  Ahmed Mohamed announced in a long distance phone interview from Qatar, he is homesick and wants to come home to Texas now.In October, Ahmed accepted a fully-funded education scholarship from the Qatar Foundation, an organization with reputed ties to the Muslim Brotherhood, over an invitation to MIT, which is among the most prestigious institutions of higher learning in the world. The family announced they would relocate to Qatar to accommodate his education, which they did.Happy #Thanksgiving!!  Ahmed Mohamed (@IStandWithAhmed) November 26, 2015Dallas  KTVT 11 (CBS) interviewed the teen from halfway around the world over Facetime. Now, Ahmed claims he misses Texas.  I want to go back to a place where everyone knows me,  meaning the kids he grew up with. He also hinted a trip to Dallas may be in the works over the Christmas holiday. He told the CBS affiliate he is ready to come home and wants to do so immediately, but insists last week s armed yet peaceful protest outside the Irving mosque stopped him.Breitbart Texas reported on the small group outside of the Islamic Center of Irving. The organizer released dozens of names and addresses considered Muslim and Muslim sympathizers over social media. The list, however, was posted on the City of Irving s website since March with the information of those who signed up to speak for and against the topic of American laws for American courts at an Irving city council meeting.Ahmed told the TV news outlet:  I was scared because I ve heard what happened recently with, like, people with guns going to my local mosque,  adding:  I mean, they have the right to do that but it s scary because I m afraid, you know. Last week, through West Texas attorney Kelly Hollingsworth, Ahmed s family demanded $15 million plus apologies in letters that asserted they moved to the Middle East because  threats and fear drove his family from Texas.  However, Irving Mayor Beth Van Duyne received serious online threats and remains under fire over decisions made by the Irving ISD and Irving police to detain the high school freshman, who, on Sept. 14, brought into school a makeshift clock that resembled a briefcase bomb.The KTVT reporter pointed out that questioning the teen about the $15 million  was something that nearly ended (the interview).  He captured Ahmed s metered responses with  eyes drifting off camera  that appeared to look offside  for approval  from someone before answering questions. Ahmed first looked away when asked if he wanted to come back to Texas before answering  yes  with a smile.  Clock Boy  then told the CBS affiliate he was waiting for people to calm down back home before he returned.In a Christmas season blanketed by the Islamic State attacks in Paris, State Department travel alerts, and Syrian refugees at U.S. borders, sympathy continues to wane for the Islamophobia poster child. Breitbart News reported that the same liberal media that championed the teen s every move, including his Qatar Foundation-sponsored tour of Education City, lost interest.The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette added what little sympathy Americans had for the  Clock Boy  is gone  thanks to a shameless money grab by the teen s family.  The newspaper added that the Mohamed family s  departure and subsequent demands make them look like opportunists, or worse.  Via: Breitbart News",0
21269,BREAKING: Photo Of Terrorist Who Threatened To Kill 16 “White Devils” At U of Chicago Is Released," This is not a joke. I am to do my part to rid the world of the white devils. Jabari Dean (c.) leaves the U.S. Dirksen Federal Courthouse Tuesday with his lawyer (l.). (DNA Info)The black student was released today after threatening to murder 16 white kids. DNA Info reported: A college student who threatened to kill 16 white students or staff members at the University of Chicago   leading the school to cancel classes Monday   was ordered released from federal custody Tuesday.Jabari Dean, a 21-year-old electrical engineering student at the University of Illinois at Chicago, left the federal courthouse Tuesday afternoon with his mom and lawyer. He was charged Monday with transmitting a threat in interstate commerce, which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison.Dean posted threats from his mother s phone on the website Worldstarhiphop.com on Saturday and then later deleted it, but not before a tipster sent the comments to federal agents in New York, according to the FBI. I will be armed with a M-4 Carbine and 2 Desert Eagles all fully loaded,  the online post states, according to a criminal complaint filed in U.S. District Court.  I will execute approximately 16 white male students and or staff, which is the same number of time Mcdonald was killed. I then will die killing any number of white policemen that I can in the process. This is not a joke. I am to do my part to rid the world of the white devils. Jabari posted this threat on the World Star Hiphop website:Via: Gateway PunditOf course, CNN reports the news of the campus shutdown at Univ. of Chicago without once mentioning the actual threat to kill  16 white devils  in retaliation for the shooting death of Laquan McDonald:Here are a few tweets from #BlackLivesMatter mocking the decision of University Of Chicago for shutting down the campus in an effort to protect the lives of the  16 White Devils. #SAFETYISFORWHITEFOLKS because #UChicago literally is surrounded by an area where black people face a threat of gun violence every day.  Francis (@DerekCaquelin) November 30, 2015A year ago @Olivia_A_Ortiz was publicly threatened with rape as was the entire class of '17. @UChicago shut ZIP down https://t.co/rHOQqdkS1f  Ursula Wagner (@UrsulaCWagner) December 1, 2015And then there s this poor soul who s doing his part to stay on top of his  intersectionality  and  white privilege  game https://twitter.com/ira/status/671451417798819840That s not all that was on the mind of #BlackLivesMatter terrorists today. They spent quite a bit of time threatening any black pastor who even thinks about supporting white candidate, Donald Trump.If these Pastors start pushing Trump to our community there will be WAR. A lot of us ain't gonna let that shit ride. https://t.co/GlTg2L81bK  Elon James White (@elonjames) November 30, 2015So who's gonna compile a list of every Black pastor that met with Donald Trump ""on the behalf of the African American community?""   Clarkisha Kent (@IWriteAllDay_) December 1, 2015Trump's peeping over dude's shoulder like an overseer  https://t.co/RsyBxMaxMC  Ctrl   Alt   Right (@lezzietechie) December 1, 2015Black preachers about to go cash they trump checks. https://t.co/mTKb57OXhX  Frank Fontaine. (@ChillnCliffSide) December 1, 2015Because of course, the #BlackLivesMatter crowd is apparently down with the old white socialist dude, for no reason in particular other than the D after his name.I am running for president because 11 million undocumented people cannot continue living in the shadows.  Bernie Sanders (@BernieSanders) November 30, 2015And just for fun, we re throwing in a micro and macro aggression tweet, because Russia, ISIS, and an invasion of unchecked Muslim refugees aren t nearly as important as microagressions https://twitter.com/krennylavitz/status/671481401984724992 ",0
21270,OBAMA USES WORLD STAGE To Announce Plans For Executive Action On Gun Control In U.S.,"How very progressive And how very ironic that our tyrannical President would take the opportunity to address how he plans to implement gun control in the U.S. while standing in Paris, where only two weeks ago 130 unarmed people were slaughtered by armed terrorists.Gun control, man-made climate change, open borders, one-world order just a few of the topics our anti-American President feels right at home discussing with a few comrades Speaking from Paris, France, on December 1, President Obama criticized the lack of gun control in the U.S. and pledged to remain focused on using executive action to enact new controls where possible.Obama is in Paris for a conference on climate change.During a press conference, Obama was asked about the November 27 Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood attack that killed two civilians and a police officer. He responded by claiming  mass shootings  are a something specifically American a problem not witnessed in other countries then criticized Congressional inaction toward passing more gun control.According to Bloomberg, Obama said:In the United States we have the power to do more to prevent what is just a regular process of gun homicides, that is unequaled by multiples of five, six, [or] ten, and I think the American people understand that. So my hope is that, once again, this spurs a conversation and action.He said that  Congress, states, and local governments  need to act, and he made it clear he  will continue to focus on what [he] can do administratively,  which is something he has been threatening to do since a gunman opened fire in the gun free zone at Umpqua Community College on October 1.On November 12 CBS News reported that Obama has given a team of  White House lawyers  the job of finding a way that executive action can be used to expand background checks. And Breitbart News reported that part of what is being sought is an arbitrary threshold that can be set on private gun sales. Citizens who sell more than the allowable level will be forced to do background checks on every sale.Obama and the Democrat Party have been obsessed with expanding background checks since Adam Lanza attacked Sandy Hook Elementary on December 14, 2012. Yet it is interesting to note that expanded background checks would not have hindered that attack in the slightest, because Lanza stole the guns he used he did not buy them.Moreover, background checks are already expanded in Colorado. Breitbart News previously reported that expanded background checks and a  high capacity  magazine ban are the law of the land in Colorado, but neither were effectual in stopping the Planned Parenthood attack or the high profile public shooting that took place in CO Springs on Halloween day. Via: Breitbart News",0
21271,FED UP WITH #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists: Students At Major CA University Stage “White Solidarity” Walk Out," Join us as we walk out of our classes at 12:30 PM to show solidarity for our brothers and sisters of European descent  The Black Lives Matter movement at the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB) is officially being challenged by a new rival campus group, the UCSB White Student Union (WSU).In response to a series of  black-out  demonstrations last week at UCSB and college campuses nationwide calling for  solidarity with Mizzou  black students, the UCSB WSU decided to form its own antithetical  White Student Walk Out  calling for  solidarity  with white students. Join us as we walk out of our classes at 12:30 PM to show solidarity for our brothers and sisters of European descent,  the Walk Out event description reads.  We will march out (preferably chanting something inspiring on the way out) and meet outside of the UCSB MultiCultural Center where we will respectfully voice our complaints. We ask that only self-identified white students and @llies join us. A growth of students have been supporting the satirical WSU movement, as evident by the exponential growth of WSU clubs on college campuses over the past couple of days. Students are demonstrating, using parody in the form of a white student club, how divisive the black separatist movement really is.Other WSU student groups such as the University of North Texas White Student Union and the University of North Texas White Squirrel Student Union, are adding their own political satire on social media to challenge the inflammatory response received by the WSU s while black separatist groups are celebrated.As these groups have illustrated, according to leftist  logic,  any form of gathering or club is  offensive  as long as it has anything to with white students and thus WSU groups have no right to exist and deserve condemnation in the form of university mass-mails or death threats.A student organizer of the UCSB WSU Walk Out event, who asked to remain anonymous for fear of risking his or her life, told The Daily Wire that he or she hopes the  walk out will give all of those who self-identify as white (and allies) to respectfully voice their complaints to UCSB administrators. Over the past couple days, it has become evident that white identities are actively marginalized and even openly attacked on campus,  the student said.  Because of this, it is crucial for us to create a safe space on campus where peoples of European descent can celebrate their European heritage. ",0
21272,“WHITE STUDENT UNION” Groups Spring Up World-Wide With A Message Obama And Friends Would Rather You Didn’t Hear," Individual people can be bullied into submission but as a group we can t be silenced If we are to really live in an environment where race is not a factor, we need to stop allowing the union of Obama-Holder-Sharpton-Soros-#BlackLivesMatter terrorists-Black Panther-Louis Farahkan-Black Liberation Theology-CAIR-liberal academia-Socialist Party-Democrat Party-Anarchists-Communist Party to stop making it an issue. White students are not a minority, but they are currently being treated worse than most minorities, if they break rank with the left-wing multicultural orthodoxy that is hellbent of persecuting expression of whiteness. White student unions are springing up at universities across Australia, as well as at universities and colleges across America.More than 30  White Student Union  pages have recently sprung up over the last several days on Facebook, pages that affiliate themselves with various universities around the nation.The creation of an  Illini White Student Union  Facebook page that surfaced Nov. 18 in response to a  Black Student Solidarity Rally  at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign gained national attention, but apparently it s just the tip of the iceberg.Over the last week, at least 33 other  White Student Union  pages have appeared on Facebook, according to research conducted Sunday by The College Fix.Notably,  White Student Union  Facebook pages have been created for Stanford, Penn State, UCLA, UC Berkeley, the University of Missouri, and NYU, along with many others.These  White Student Union  pages currently exist only as social media creations, and it is not clear whether they are created by students at their respective universities. It is also unclear if these groups plan to become actual student organizations on campus, although a North Carolina university page states they plan on holding  group meetings, info sessions, rallies, and protests on the UNC campus. White Student Unions say they are supporting and defending the interests of white students who they say are becoming marginalised from on-campus life and political debate.This video truly exposes the hypocrisy of the Left. From the Illinois  White Student Union  Facebook Page:At least seven unofficial unions have formed at rapid speed in the past week, claiming to represent students of European descent at the University of Queensland, the University of Southern Queensland, the University of Technology, Sydney, Macquarie University, Western Sydney University, the University of NSW and the University of Western Australia.However, there are allegations that the movement is in fact an elaborate attempt to troll universities and the media, by the likes users of online bulletin boards 4chan and 8chan.If it is a hoax, it is a pretty sophisticated one, with members reaching out to news.com.au to share their views on the need to  advance our interests as white students .The proliferation of white student unions follows a similar trend in the US, where groups have built considerable support on social media and many intend to establish an on-campus presence in the new year. However, this has also been dismissed as a hoax.Australian universities have distanced themselves from these unofficial groups, which are copping backlash on social media by fellow students and others who accuse them of white supremacy and racism. Responses to the groups on social media have ranged from  be proud of your heritage!  to  f*** off Nazis .Others have responded with utter incredulity:  This page is satire, right?  one person asked.But the students behind the unions deny white pride is akin to racism, and argue they have as legitimate a place in university life as any other student group. ALL WE WANT IS EQUALITY The White Students Union at the Western Sydney University, which formed over the weekend and is already  into the double digits  of members, is  not out to antagonise anyone , according its spokesman.The spokesman, who approached news.com.au to write a story, said he was a 24-year-old journalism student and gave us his name, but we have chosen not to publish it because we could not verify it.He said the group, which will seek formal registration with the university in 2016 and already has a six-person committee, was designed to  advance our interests as white students and promote a safe space where we can come together as a community and organise . We re a genuine group, we re not doing it to troll anyone,  he told news.com.au. If you roll up to any university these days you ll have gay safe spaces, Muslim safe spaces: in the last four or five years it s become very politically correct. That s great. I m as PC as they come. We re staying within the narrative. All we want is equality. He said he was  absolutely  expecting a backlash, but wanted to  test the boundaries of what they re willing to acknowledge . We just thought, why not? Everyone else is doing it, why can t we do it? Anecdotally we have a lot of support from the ethnic students,  he said. Our main antagonists are actually the older, white academics. These people say they re all about equality. The academics try to build this narrative that nobody supports this stuff, but it s happening. We re just using that language ourselves. Despite the hoax claims, universities are taking the rise of these unions seriously.In a statement, a spokesman for Western Sydney University said the group was not an official or authorised student group, adding:  The university prides itself on the diversity of its university community and condemns any action that seeks to undermine this. Has there been a SINGLE college or university who has made this sort of claim about a Black Lives Matter organization or protest? Why the double standard? The University of Technology, Sydney, and Macquarie University both said white student unions formed by their students were not official and did not reflect the views of the universities or the majority of their students.In the  About  section of the Facebook page for the UTS White Student Union, it says the group was  advancing the rights for the people of European descent  and  anyone from any background can join .A spokeswoman for Macquarie University said it had publicly contacted the administrators of the page yesterday, requesting that they remove the campus image and refrain from referring to themselves as  a student organisation at Macquarie University .  We understand this page is likely to be part of a wider hoax, stemming from North America, nevertheless we are continuing our investigations into the origin of this page,  the spokeswoman told news.com.au.The University of Queensland went so far as to condemn the University of Queensland White Student Union, which was formed last Tuesday, as a  racist web hoax .On its Facebook page, which has 378 likes, the University of Queensland White Student Union group rails against university overcrowding and  rich international students  outbidding white Australian students for rental housing and casual work. We re forced to put up with an overcrowded campus that hosts thousands more students than it was ever designed for. Not enough parking, not enough toilets, not enough computers, not enough study spaces,  a post dated November 24 reads. We re forced to do group work with internationals who can t speak English, we carry the load and do all the work while our marks are dragged down. We re forced to put up with the anti-social behaviour of a particular group of students who treat study spaces as social spaces and constantly attempt to  reserve  public resources such as computers. Enough is enough. The founders of the UQ group asked not to be identified but said they represented white students  who ve had their voices silenced by political correctness . Individual people can be bullied into submission but as a group we can t be silenced,  the group told news.com.au Political correctness and free speech are issues that are becoming more and more important. The group said existing student organisations were  obsessed with catering to minorities  and they planned to establish their own society on campus in 2016. We re very clear on our position that white people have every right to organise themselves and act collectively to further their mutual interests,  they said. We don t think whites are inherently  superior  and definitely don t think they should  rule over  anybody else. We think the ideas and issues we re raising have become more relevant to students as a new strain of political correctness has swept across the Western word over the past few years promoting ideas like  white privilege . There are all these nasty ideas around now that white people, particularly white men, are always  privileged  regardless of their background and personal circumstances and that if they suffer hardship they deserve it, and that white people are the cause of everything that s wrong in the world. News.com.au asked the spokesman to prove that he was a legitimate student at the university, but he said he thought it was in his best interests to  maintain anonymity  due to death threats the group had received.Third-year University of Western Australia student Michael (who did not wish to reveal his last name) said he founded the UWA White Student Association on the weekend.He said ensuring all students and staff spoke fluent English, making sure  the full breadth of white, European holidays and festivities  were celebrated on campus, getting racist attacks on white students recognised as racism, and having the recently dumped European studies major reinstated were among the issues his group intended to lobby for. Our basic aims are to represent the interests of white students on campus, as well as do our bit to reverse what we view as the rapid decline of Western civilisation, caused by mass immigration resulting in a clash of values, and the decline of family values,  Michael told news.com.au.A spokesman for UWA said the university did not endorse  behaviours and actions which are deemed to be racially and culturally intolerant or offensive . UWA has a strong track record on promoting cultural and religious diversity and the university is committed to produce graduates who are intellectually and emotionally comfortable with difference,  the spokesman said. In response to accusations of racism, Michael says he and the group were not racists and  we never will be . Supporting white students doesn t imply hatred of other races, it s not a logical accusation,  he said. We would be happy to work with other ethnic clubs to fulfil mutual goals. (Groups that represent ethnic minority groups) are nothing new, and we don t have an issue with them. What is new is the increasing difficulty white students face in expressing their views, identity, or culture on campus without being shouted down and labelled. White students are not a minority, but they are currently being treated worse than most minorities, if they break rank with the left-wing multicultural orthodoxy that is hellbent of persecuting expression of whiteness. The emergence of white student unions at universities in the US, including Berkeley and Harvard, have been suggested to be a response to a wave of recent anti-racism protests. One such union at the University of Illinois sprung up hours after a black solidarity event was held on campus. Others, however, have been revealed as hoaxes. So where we may have a scholarship program for indigenous students, or we may have programs that seek to enhance the experience of international students on campus, and that s perceived at discrimination, it s very disappointing when people take that position. Dr Gale said it was also disappointing some people who were part of mainstream Australia didn t  have an appreciation for the privileged position  of being at university.For entire story: News com.au",0
21273,Crybaby “Safe Space” Students Are Put On Notice With Amazing Letter From University President: “This is not a daycare!”,"This letter is quite possibly the most important letter these students will ever receive throughout their entire college career. It should be adopted by every college and university in America as part of a contract the students are asked to read and accept.It s finally happened. A college president, faced with whining students who are offended by well everything, has written a letter to the entire student body. (Some of which I presume will offend some students) He reminds them they are in college and that perhaps the reason they feel bad is a little thing known as a conscience. Dr Everett Piper of Oklahoma Wesleyan University explained what their purpose and his is at the university.Here is his letter in its entirety:Dr. Everett Piper, PresidentOklahoma Wesleyan UniversityThis past week, I actually had a student come forward after a university chapel service and complain because he felt  victimized  by a sermon on the topic of 1 Corinthians 13. It appears that this young scholar felt offended because a homily on love made him feel bad for not showing love! In his mind, the speaker was wrong for making him, and his peers, feel uncomfortable.I m not making this up. Our culture has actually taught our kids to be this self-absorbed and narcissistic! Any time their feelings are hurt, they are the victims! Anyone who dares challenge them and, thus, makes them  feel bad  about themselves, is a  hater,  a  bigot,  an  oppressor,  and a  victimizer. I have a message for this young man and all others who care to listen. That feeling of discomfort you have after listening to a sermon is called a conscience! An altar call is supposed to make you feel bad! It is supposed to make you feel guilty! The goal of many a good sermon is to get you to confess your sins not coddle you in your selfishness. The primary objective of the Church and the Christian faith is your confession, not your self-actualization!So here s my advice:If you want the chaplain to tell you you re a victim rather than tell you that you need virtue, this may not be the university you re looking for. If you want to complain about a sermon that makes you feel less than loving for not showing love, this might be the wrong place.If you re more interested in playing the  hater  card than you are in confessing your own hate; if you want to arrogantly lecture, rather than humbly learn; if you don t want to feel guilt in your soul when you are guilty of sin; if you want to be enabled rather than confronted, there are many universities across the land (in Missouri and elsewhere) that will give you exactly what you want, but Oklahoma Wesleyan isn t one of them.At OKWU, we teach you to be selfless rather than self-centered. We are more interested in you practicing personal forgiveness than political revenge. We want you to model interpersonal reconciliation rather than foment personal conflict. We believe the content of your character is more important than the color of your skin. We don t believe that you have been victimized every time you feel guilty and we don t issue  trigger warnings  before altar calls.Oklahoma Wesleyan is not a  safe place , but rather, a place to learn: to learn that life isn t about you, but about others; that the bad feeling you have while listening to a sermon is called guilt; that the way to address it is to repent of everything that s wrong with you rather than blame others for everything that s wrong with them. This is a place where you will quickly learn that you need to grow up!This is not a day care. This is a university!We applaud Dr Piper and wish more colleges and universities had more like him. Then again, Oklahoma Wesleyan is not Yale or Dartmouth, where the presidents are careful not to offend the spoiled brats of well-to-do parents in order to keep those tuition checks and honorariums coming in. Via: ",0
21274,Father Of Triplets Tells Surrogate Mother To Kill One Of The Babies Or Face Financial Ruin,"So this man who so desperately wanted children comprised of his genes, that he hired a surrogate mother to carry them.  Now that he only wants two of them, which one of the three children would he like to see her have killed? Who will choose which two babies will be lucky enough to make it out of the womb alive and into his loving home? Who will he decide which baby will end up in a dumpster? Melissa Cook was hired to be a surrogate mother for an unidentified Georgia man earlier this year.She was to be paid $33,000 for her efforts. But what both parties didn t expect was triplets.Cook and the man used in-vitro fertilization, combining his sperm with the egg of an unnamed 20-year-old woman. Cook was implanted with three embryos, each of them defying the odds. The result was triplets.Now, the Georgia man is demanding Cook to abort one of the babies or face financial ruin.Cook, who is a California native, spoke to the The New York Post: They are human beings. I bonded with these kids. This is just not right Robert Warmsley, the unnamed man s lawyer, warned in a letter that his client: understands, albeit does not agree, with your decision not to reduce. As you know, his remedies where you refuse to abide by the terms of the agreement, are immense [and] include, but are not limited to, loss of all benefits under the agreement, damages in relation to future care of the children [and] medical costs associated with any extraordinary care the children may need. In other words, she ll be stripped of her pay, and could face a lawsuit, if she doesn t comply with his wishes to abort one of the babies.Melissa Cook responded, penning a heartfelt letter in which she questioned the decision: The doctor put in three healthy embryos,  she wrote. The chances were high they were all going to take. If you knew you only wanted two babies, then why put in three embryos?  Cook is currently 17 weeks pregnant.California law dictates that, aside from life-threatening exceptions, fetuses cannot be aborted once they become  viable,  which is typically around 20 weeks. Via: IJReview",0
21275,Brad Pitt Explains Ridiculous Reason He’s Now An Atheist,"It s just too hard Too Many Things Christians Cannot Do! Who needs rules when you can just live in a godless society?  Have some fun YOLO!Brad Pitt is an atheist   because his father instilled a  Christian guilt  in him during his upbringing.The actor revealed that he adheres to no religion in an interview with the UK s Telegraph on Saturday. Pitt told the paper that he was raised in a Southern Baptist household in Missouri,  with all the Christian guilt about what you can and cannot, should and shouldn t do. The Hollywood mega-star elaborated on the Christian guilt he was raised with in a 2007 interview with Parade. I d go to Christian revivals and be moved by the Holy Spirit, and I d go to rock concerts and feel the same fervor,  Pitt told the magazine.  Then I d be told,  That s the Devil s music! Don t partake in that!  I wanted to experience things religion said not to experience. Still, Pitt said he learned the value of hard work from his father, who reportedly ran a trucking company in Missouri. He could be a softie,  Pitt told the Telegraph of his father.  But one thing my folks always stressed was being capable, doing things for yourself. He was really big on integrity   and that informed a lot of what [we] try to do now. Pitt also revealed that he and his wife and By the Sea co-star, Angelina Jolie, originally wanted double the number of children they currently have. Listen, Angie and I were aiming for a dozen, but we crapped out after six,  the actor said, adding:  Everyone talks about the joy of having kids   blah, blah, blah. But I never knew how much I could love something until I looked in the faces of my children. Via: Breitbart News",0
21276,WHY ISN’T THIS NEWS? Three Black Men Are Taken Alive After Shooting Up School Bus With Children Inside,"We don t recall seeing this story in the mainstream media? Is is not news when three men go on a shooting spree and shoot up a bus full of kids? Three men have been charged with driving through Jones County, South Carolina shooting at vehicles, one of those was a school activity bus with children on board.Quinton Mceachin of Pollocksivlle, Azario Frost of Maysville, and Cordero Foy, of Maysville, are facing numerous charges after their arrest on Sunday.Jones County deputies say Mceachin was driving the vehicle that was eventually stopped after a chase by Maysville police and deputies.The activity bus was from Pamlico County and was hit by the gunfire, but no children were hurt.It happened on U.S. 17 around 5:30 p.m. Detectives say there were 13 students and two adults on the bus. They say the bullet disabled the bus when it struck the radiator.Mceachin is facing charges of driving while impaired, felony conspiracy, discharge a barreled weapon, flee/elude arrest with a motor vehicle, reckless driving, felony hit and run with personal injury, felony discharging weapon into a moving vehicle, and several traffic violations. His bond was set at $250,000.Frost was charged with discharging weapon into occupied property, felony conspiracy, discharge a barreled weapon, felony discharge a weapon into a moving vehicle, and felony possession of a firearm by felon. The man s bond was $125,000.Foy is facing charges of discharging a weapon into occupied property, possession of a firearm by felon, discharge a barreled weapon, assault with a deadly weapon and felony discharge of a weapon into occupied dwelling/moving vehicle. A magistrate set Foy s bond at $100,000. Via: WITN",0
21277,BREAKING: Federal Court Rules For Religious Freedom In Veterans Memorial Lawsuit,"It s a win for the American Legion! Atheists wanted to take down the cross but a Maryland judge ruled against it. Thanks to the Liberty Institute for fighting the battles for conservative Americans. Great job!The U.S. Constitution allows a large Latin cross to stay as the centerpiece of the Bladensburg World War I Veterans Memorial, a federal court in Maryland ruled Monday.In 1925, the American Legion erected the Bladensburg cross as a memorial honoring 49 men in Prince George s County, Maryland, who made the ultimate sacrifice while serving in World War I.But in 2014, the American Humanist Association attacked the memorial, filing a lawsuit against the Maryland-National Capital Park and Planning Commission. The atheists argued to the federal district court that a memorial in the shape of a cross violates the Establishment Clause of the Constitution, which forbids the government from establishing an official religion.Liberty Institute, the largest law firm in the country that focuses exclusively on religious freedom, took up the case and intervened on behalf of the American Legion, which became a full party to the case. Liberty Institute then brought in a top global law firm, Jones Day, to lead the case, with Noel Francisco as lead counsel.Today, U.S. District Judge Deborah Chasanow ruled in favor of the American Legion, and against the American Humanist Association.In her 36-page opinion, the Clinton-appointed Chasanow held that while a Latin cross is a symbol often associated with Christianity, it does not violate the Constitution in this context. The judge noted that courts disagree over what test they are supposed to use in these cases, but that under any of the tests modern federal courts apply, Bladensburg s cross passes muster.Read more: Breitbart News",0
21278,New Batman Comic Features Batman Saving Black Man From Evil Cops,"Full frontal Leftist propaganda As a side note, writer and artist Frank Miller is also a Hillary supporter Last week anarchists, socialists and Black Lives Matter terrorists joined together to protest against white police officer, Jason Van Dyke, who was already charged with first-degree murder for fatally shooting 17-year-old Laquan McDonald.The following day, DC Comics released the much-anticipated first issue of its latest Batman installment,  Dark Knight III: The Master Race.  Half of the comic is dedicated to scenes of police brutality, depicting a potentially fatal course of events halted by the caped superhero s interventions.The occasion of the issue s release heralded not only Batman s reemergence in Gotham City, but also the return of original  Dark Knight Returns  writer and artist Frank Miller. Nearly 30 years after he first penned the iconic comic series, the 58-year-old is breathing new life into his most influential work.A known provocateur, Miller has been described by turns as reactionary, overly conservative and radical. In a recent Vulture interview, he described himself as a libertarian who supports Democrat Hillary Clinton.Miller s politics have always been complicated, making his newest Batman s explicit stance against police brutality a noteworthy change of pace.This isn t the first time a comic book author has used their influence to indoctrinate young minds with a leftist narrative. We recently reported about about Disney s effort to turn popular opinion in favor of amnesty by making the villain in their latest Captain America comic book an evil conservative:DISNEY Introduces New Marvel Comic Books: Captain America (Captain Socialist) Beats Up Conservative Terrorists Defending U.S. Borders And More [VIDEO]The opening sequence of  Dark Knight III: The Master Race  is narrated through text messages between a young black man in a hoodie and his friend, presumably rehashing recent past events. The man, named  Squid,  is shown running from a police car with a cracked windshield and blood on its dashboard.As Comic Book Resources points out, colorist Brad Anderson uses only  police reds and blues  in this scene to illustrate the closeness of the cop car.Two police officers emerge from the car with their guns pointed at him. Aghast, Squid responds by showing them his open palms. Getting arrested,  reads a text bubble from Squid. 4?  his friend asks. The man dont need no reason [sic],  Squid responds in a panel showing the barrel of a gun. I was waitin for the shot,  he continues in his recollection,  BANG last sound id ever hear. Instead i heard a snap and i turned to it. Enter the superhero of the hour, a dark caped figure who swoops in and immediately shatters one of the police car s front windows. He starts beating the officers who had their guns aimed at Squid.At first, it seems like this is game over. The artwork pans to TV pundits   comic doppelgangers of Kelly Ripa, Michael Strahan, Jon Stewart, Al Sharpton and Bill O Reilly   debating the morality of Batman s actions. There s talk about how the video footage of the confrontation went viral.Then Miller moves to a different setting in the jungle with Wonder Woman, and the police encounter is briefly forgotten, only to be thrown back into sharp relief at the end.With their overt metaphors and symbolic characters, comics have a long history of steering their readers toward certain moral conclusions and inciting fury over perceived social injustices.The issue s final scenes show Batman taking the place once occupied by Squid, except this time he s far outnumbered as he runs from a parade of at least four police cars. His attempts to evade the officers seeking vengeance for their beaten colleagues are unsuccessful, as Batman runs between trucks and climbs a fire escape before committing himself to a brawl.https://twitter.com/restlessbit/status/670836492026163200Completely surrounded, Batman falls to the ground after a police officer shoots the side of his head. A horizontal panel shows 10 cops approaching him with batons in the air.The large sound effect lettering leaves little room for interpretation. WHACK. WHACK. WHACK WHACK WHACK WHACK.  He is bludgeoned seemingly endlessly. Had enough?  one of the officers asks as the troupe encircles a fallen Batman lying face-down in his own blood.This being a superhero comic, however, Batman emerges seriously injured but not defeated. With a sudden burst of energy, he punches the cop closest to him, causing them all to scatter.(The final pane reveals a significant twist to Batman s identity, but we ll leave that out because it s irrelevant to the police scene.)Via: The Washington Post ",0
21279,"JACK-ASS-IN-CHIEF: OBAMA USES SPEECH ON WORLD STAGE To Apologize For Greedy Americans…Ties MLK, Jr. To Phony Climate Change [VIDEO]","For the umpteenth time, Obama takes the opportunity to trash Americans while overseas President Obama on Monday pushed world leaders to finalize a sweeping global agreement that would cut carbon emissions and hopefully stave off the worst effects of climate change.Invoking the words of Martin Luther King, Jr., Obama insisted that a grim future hurt by worsening global warming  is one that we have the power to change. Right here. Right now. But only if we rise to this moment,  he said in a speech kicking off the Paris conference. For all the challenges we face, the growing threat of climate change could define the contours of this century more dramatically than any other,  Obama said.  What should give us hope that this is a turning point, that this is the moment we finally determined we would save our planet, is the fact that our nations share a sense of urgency about this challenge and a growing realization that it is within our power to do something about it. I ve come here personally, as the leader of the world s largest economy and the second-largest emitter, to say that the United States of America not only recognizes our role in creating this problem, we embrace our responsibility to do something about it,  he added. Via: NYDailyNews",0
21280,"SWEDEN LOSES 14,000 Refugees Slated For Deportation: “We simply do not know where they are”","It s time for Sweden to take off the blindfolds and stop pretending their progressive policies are somehow benefiting their citizens. How does a country lose 14,000 foreign invaders anyway? And where did those 14,000 refugees go?As part of the just concluded  cash for refugees  deal between the EU Turkey, the FT adds that not only will migrants whose asylum applications are rejected be sent back to Turkey but that this  crackdown on irregular migration would be complemented by a parallel programme offering a legal route to Europe, resettling up to 500,000 Syrian refugees directly from Turkey, Lebanon or Jordan. The FT adds that, as expected,  if such an EU-wide scheme were made mandatory it would be flatly opposed by many eastern European countries. To avoid the proposals being blocked, Brussels and Berlin are exploring a  voluntary  scheme with 10 countries willing to take refugees. It is unclear whether other Schengen members would be asked to contribute to the costs of resettlement. But before crossing that particular bridge, which will sow even further anger, mistrust and antagonism spread among the member countries of the European  Union , a bigger question is just how will Europe track down and sequester those refugees that pose the biggest threat in the eyes of authorities, those who are already slated for deportation.As the following case study from Sweden proves, having once entered Europe, Europe may have problems trying to track down the hundreds of thousands of refugees having already found their way to the continent.As Sweden s Afton Bladet reports, over half of all the illegal migrants slated for deportation in Sweden have mysteriously disappeared.The National Border Police Section reports that of the 21,748 individuals due to be sent home after their asylum applications were turned down, a whopping 14,140 have simply vanished off the police radar. Around a third, or the remaining 7,608, still live and are accounted for in the Swedish Migration Board s premises or have indicated an address for their own homes. It is not clear if anyone has actually tried following up on said home address to see how many have simply made one up.Based on a translation of the Swedish report by Breitbart, some are expected to have left the country secretly,  but the majority are thought to still be in Sweden, having fallen through the cracks of the comprehensive welfare state. The local cops is brutally honest:  We simply do not know where they are , said Patrik Engstrom, a spokesman for the local police.This is not the first time refugees have vanished from official supervision: one month ago we reported that roughly 4,000 asylum-seekers who had initially been accomodated by the German state of Lower Saxony had  mysteriously disappeared.  To our knowledge they have still not been found. Via: Zero Hedge",0
21281,FAMOUS RHODE ISLAND DANCING COP FIRED For Protesting Cop Hating Terror Group [Video],"Welcome to the  new America,  where there can be no opposition to the Left or there will be serious consequences The retired cop who annually cut a rug while directing Rhode Island traffic   until Providence cut ties with him when he protested a Black Lives Matter supporter   has a new dance partner on the other side of town.Tony Lepore, 68, is taking his holiday dance act to East Providence from Dec. 10 to Dec. 24, the cavorting cop said during an appearance Sunday on  Fox & Friends. And I ll always on the 24th wear my Santa hat and pass out candy canes to the kids,  said Lepore, who s been dancing in the streets since 1984.A longtime local favorite, Providence dropped Lepore s services after he helped organize a picket outside a Dunkin  Donuts where a worker wrote  #blacklivesmatter  on a police officer s coffee cup. Mr. Lepore was not authorized to speak on behalf of the Providence Police Department and his actions were, in my judgment, a disservice to the department and to members of the Providence community,  Providence Police Chief Stephen Pare said in a statement.Lepore said Sunday he was aware of the risks of his protest but he wanted to support the beat cops. Black Lives Matter is an organization that has some individuals   some individuals   that advocate harm to police officers,  Lepore said.  Since we picketed and got a written apology from the Dunkin  Donuts  owner. . . . we haven t had one incident in Rhode Island.  Via: FOX News",0
21282,MUSLIM CONGRESSMAN Abruptly Leaves DC: Uses Finely Honed Divisive Race Skills To Lead Fight Against Cops In MN,"Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) is more than just a radical activist, he s also a devout Muslim U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison abruptly left Washington earlier this month to fly back to Minneapolis and emerged at the center of explosive confrontations between black activists and police outside the Fourth Precinct station.In those first, uncertain days after a fatal police shooting of an unarmed black man in north Minneapolis, Ellison displayed credibility among different factions of the black community, and also had stature in the mayor s office and could help broker a sit-down meeting between Gov. Mark Dayton and the family of the shooting victim, Jamar Clark.The unrest has elevated Ellison s profile, but it has also become his biggest test yet as a political leader trying to negotiate a truce in the latest flare-up of long-running tensions between police and the local black community. People have successfully gotten the attention of political leadership,  Ellison said from the protest site, less than a mile from his home.  We just have to make sure we do not waste it, and we make sure we gather it up and turn it into some tangible benefits for the people here. Striking a tone that was conciliatory but also challenging, he added:  There s absolutely no doubt that we have to get established, responsive government. The unrest hit uncomfortably close to home for the fifth-term Democrat just a few days after the shooting. During a particularly fraught night, his son, Jeremiah, was photographed with his hands up as police in riot gear pointed a gun toward him and other protesters. Ellison later shared the photo on his Twitter account, calling it  agonizing.  It was retweeted nearly 4,000 times.Behind the scenes, Ellison, 52, has been navigating several constituencies, including the governor s office, city officials, progressive allies and black activists who themselves are split over how to best accomplish their goals. Some black community members say they hope the shooting will finally get the attention of state leaders, whom they say have allowed Minnesota s racial disparities to fester for decades.Those connected to Ellison say his latest role is one that he has honed after years of deep involvement in divisive racial issues around Minneapolis. They say he radiates a cool confidence in person, and is enormously skilled at connecting with people in the midst of conflicts. People who don t know him, especially from outside of Minneapolis, see a firebrand out in the streets, playing that one really important role he plays, rallying the community to be empowered,  former Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak said.  The other role that most people don t see, that I have the benefit of, is a very savvy adviser who would never moderate his views but would bring a sophisticated understanding of how government worked.   For entire story: Star TribuneSo who exactly is Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) and why do Muslim lawmakers like hime and Andre Carson (D-IN) in America matter?Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) is perhaps the most well known Muslim in the U.S. Congress but he s not the only one. The other is Rep. Andre Carson (D-IN). While speaking at the ICNA-MAS convention, Carson told those in attendance that America s schools should be  modeled  after  madrassas  (Islamic schools).Incidentally, the ICNA (Islamic Circle of North America) was identified in a 1991 Muslim Brotherhood document as one of 29  like minded  organizations. The goal of these organizations? According to the document itself: their work in America is a kind of grand Jihad in eliminating and destroying the Western civilization from within and  sabotaging  its miserable house by their hands   so that   God s religion [Islam] is made victorious over all other religions. MAS (Muslim American Society) was formed in 1992, one year after the date of the document, which might explain why they weren t one of the 29. Bolstering that case further is the fact that MAS has identified two groups who are on the list of the notorious 29   Islamic Society of North America (ISNA) and Muslim Students Association (MSA) as being like-minded.So, as DHS is more concerned with  rightwing extremism  than it is with Jihad, a sitting U.S. Congressman is a featured speaker at a convention filled with those who want to destroy Western civilization (America) from within. Watch Muslim Congressman Andre Carson bemoan the lack of Muslims in lawmaking roles. He also expresses his concern about anti-Sharia legislation being passed in many states:Via: Shoebat",0
21283,"Planned Parenthood Fundraises Over Shooting…Only Problem Is, No One At Body Parts Harvesting Store Was Shot","Obama and the Democrats can kill two birds with one stone. They can gain sympathy for Planned Parenthood, (regardless of the facts) and promote gun control all at the same time. Meanwhile, nothing will change for those  angry pro-life Christians,  who will continue to pray for the lives of innocent babies being murdered every day by Planned Parenthood, and for the lives of the innocent people who were killed in this tragedy. The facts surrounding the case certainly won t stop the fundraising machine at Planned Parenthood from cashing in on this horrible tragedy Police detained a shooter at a Planned Parenthood building Friday afternoon, according to Colorado Springs police.Four police officers and five civilians were injured in a shooting. Three people died including Police Officer Garrett Swasey.Scott Dontanville, co-pastor at Hope Chapel where Swasey was a church elder, said the officer had a personal relationship with Jesus Christ and  trusted him so much so  that he was willing to die to protect the public. He may not agree with the abortion position, but he was willing to lay down his life for other people,  Dontanville said.Garrett Swasey, 44, a six-year veteran of the University of Colorado at Colorado Springs Police force, was described as an avid teacher of scripture who played guitar and loved his work in law enforcement.According to Hope Chapel s website, where Swasey served as an elder, he is survived by his wife, Rachel; 10-year-old son, Elijah; and 6-year-old daughter, Faith.** Given the narrative, anti-Christian bias and blame displayed on social media after the attack, and considering Planned Parenthood is fundraising off of this tragedy, it should be noted that none of those shot on Friday in Colorado Springs were Planned Parenthood staff or patients.The criminal shooter suffered from long term antisocial issues. Robert Lewis Dear lived in a small cabin in North Carolina with no running water or electricity. Dear bought a plot of land in Hartsel, Colorado and lived in a trailer there, per his neighbor. Via: GWPMeanwhile, Planned Parenthood officials have confirmed none of the people killed in the shooting or 9 victims who were injured were Planned Parenthood abortion clinic staff or patients and authorities have released no motive for the shooter as to whether or not he actually targeted Planned Parenthood.As LifeNews reported, the police officer killed during Friday s shooting at a Colorado Springs Planned Parenthood is pro-life and a co-pastor at his local church. Garrett Swasey, 44, the University of Colorado Colorado Springs police officer who was shot and killed while responding to the shooting and was described by his fellow church members and friends as a courageous man and loving father who drew strength and inspiration from his Christian faith.Dear is being held without bond and will appear in court on Monday.Robert Lewis Dear lived with a woman and two German shepherds in a dilapidated recreational vehicle with no running water, sewer or electricity.Metal scraps litter the 57-year-old man s 5-acre lot near the sparsely populated mountain town of Hartsel, where a few of his neighbors grow marijuana and boast solitary lifestyles. It looks like white-trash living at its finest   like a bomb went off and everything was thrown in the air,  said his neighbor, Zigmond Post, 45.Those who knew Dear alternately describe him as combative or secretive, occasionally known to spout off politically. He feuded with some neighbors who called the police on him but appeared to others to just be an ordinary, easygoing man.Dear is scheduled to appear in El Paso County Court before 4th Judicial District Chief Judge Gil Martinez in Colorado Springs on Monday morning in connection with the Friday shooting at Planned Parenthood.He lived most of his life in the Carolinas, where he was arrested on charges of domestic violence and being a peeping Tom. He was acquitted twice of cruelty-to-animal charges and was accused of firing a pellet gun at a neighborhood dog.His first wife, Pam Ross, called police in 1997, accusing him of locking her out of their house and shoving her to the ground. She declined to file formal charges, explaining that she wanted her report of abuse on the record. ",0
21284,COLLEGE CAMPUS SHUTS DOWN Over Comment Made Blaming Minorities For Effort To Remove “Racist” Viking Mascot,"This story is so stupid it hurts Students at Western Washington University in Bellingham, WA got an early Thanksgiving holiday. The University President abruptly cancelled all classes early Tuesday morning, shutting down the campus. Why was this extreme action taken, you ask. Was it some sort of terrorist threat or possible mass shooting? Nope, not even close. It seems someone said a mean thing to a black student on a social media site.The Register-Guard reports that President Bruce Shepard sent an urgent e-mail out to all students at 6am Tuesday morning, canceling all classes. The reason given was a  racist  thread on Yik Yak concerning the school s mascot. I need to be very clear here: we are not talking the merely insulting, rude, offensive commentary that trolls and various other lowlifes seem free to spew, willy nilly, although there has been plenty of that, too. No, this was hate speech,  wrote Shepard in the e-mail.Gee, isn t insulting, rude, offensive trolling the very definition of hate speech?While Shepard, and even the reporter covering the story, keep referring to threats being issued against minority students, that doesn t actually appear to be the case.A series of threats against minorities were posted over the weekend on Yik Yak, an anonymous social media platform popular among college students.The posts mentioned almost every ethnic group, including blacks, Muslims, Jews and American Indians, blaming them for an effort on campus to debate changing the university s mascot, a Viking. The threats came days after some student leaders suggested that the mascot is racist. The posts did not mention a specific action against the students.How can it be a threat if it doesn t mention a specific action?Most of the online comments contained racist language and profanity, making fun of the mascot debate and the students who proposed it. One post called black students crying babies and another complimented the school for having an  overtly Aryan  mascot.Sifting through that noise, you can see that the worst thing posted was that a black person was being a crybaby. That s not even a racist insult. Basically a 15,000-student university was shut down over a very mild flame war.If you think I m leaving something out, feel free to read the source article. I swear that s all there is. Even the cops don t think there is anything to this:Law enforcement officials do not believe there is a threat to general campus security, but Shepard said a threat to any Western student is an attack on the whole college community. The decision to cancel classes was precautionary and to make sure students were safe, he said. The school s Thanksgiving break officially begins Wednesday. With disturbing social media content continuing through early this morning, students of color have advised me of their very genuine, entirely understandable, and heightened fear of being on campus,  wrote Shepard.  We take the feelings of safety of our students very, very seriously. Oh, I get it now, there wasn t any sort of actual threat, somebody s feelings got hurt. And what were those hurt feelings all about? Well, this:Some students do not believe a white European man is a good representation of their school So it s racist to call someone a baby for not wanting a Viking mascot, but not racist to say a white European man shouldn t represent the school? That makes as much sense as anything else going on here, I guess.Black students don t want a white mascot because they think it s racist and complained about it on social media. White students told them to stop whining, which the black students took as racial hostility. The black students complained to the school that this perceived hostility made them feel unsafe and the gutless President cancelled all classes to placate their irrational fears. Welcome to the Black Lives Matter version of America.Via: DownTrend",0
21285,OUTRAGEOUS: Top15 Examples Of How Radical We’ve Allowed Our Colleges And Universities To Become,"This is not a war we can expect our children to fight on their own. We are in a war with a leftist academia who has lost sight of why we are paying for our children to attend their schools. We are not paying for our children to sit in a classroom and talk about the evils of capitalism, the plight of the trans-sexual, the injustices of the minority student who is apparently no better off today than the slaves of the 18th century in America. We are not paying for teachers to convince our children that success should be punished or that choosing a heterosexual, monogamous relationship is selfish and short-sighted. We are paying them to give our children a quality education period. And that is what our children deserve How radical, weird and out of touch have liberals on college campuses gotten since Obama came into office? It s worse than you ever thought and although there is an almost unlimited number of problematic incidents to choose from, these 15 are particularly effective at getting across how bad things have become.1)  College Students Say Remembering 9/11 Is Offensive to Muslims.  The everything-is-offensive brand of campus activism has struck a new low: Students at the University of Minnesota killed a proposed moment of silence for 9/11 victims due to concerns insulting, childish concerns that Muslim students would be offended. 2)  Portland State University Offers Course Teaching How to  Make Whiteness Strange According to Portland State University Professor Rachel Sanders   White Privilege  course,  whiteness  must be dismantled if racial justice will ever be achieved. The course description states that  whiteness is the lynchpin of structures of racial meaning and racial inequality in the United States  and claims that  to preserve whiteness is to preserve racial injustice.  Students taking the course will  endeavor to make whiteness strange.  In order to make whiteness strange, the description says students must  interrogate whiteness as an unstable legal, political, social, and cultural construction. 3)  A University in the San Francisco Area Actually Told Students To Call 911 if They Were Offended .Administrators at a Catholic university in the San Francisco Bay Area have rescinded an official school policy instructing students to clog up the regional 9-1-1 emergency reporting system to report  bias incidents. The school is Santa Clara University, reports Campus Reform Until this month, however, Santa Clara administrators have been instructing students to report  bias incidents  using the emergency service reserved for dispatching police, firefighters and ambulances. If the bias incident is in progress or just occurred: ALWAYS CALL 911 IMMEDIATELY,  the Santa Clara website instructed students in fierce, all-capital letters. Mizzou Police Sent a Campus Wide Email to students during protests: CALL POLICE if someone says something hurtful to you4)  Educators in the Volunteer State are very concerned that students might be offended by the usage of traditional pronouns like she, he, him and hers, according to a document from the University of Tennessee   Knoxville s Office of Diversity and Inclusion. For all you folks who went to school back when there were only him and her   here s a primer: some of the new gender neutral pronouns are ze, hir, zir, xe, xem and xyr. 5)  A Professor at Polk State College has allegedly failed a humanities student after she refused to concede that Jesus is a  myth  or that Christianity oppresses women during a series of mandatory assignments at the Florida college. According to a press release from the Liberty Counsel, a non-profit public interest law firm, Humanities Professor Lance  Lj  Russum gave a student a  zero  on four separate papers because the 16-year-old did not  conform to his personal worldviews of Marxism, Atheism, Feminism, and homosexuality.  The law firm has called for a full, private investigation of the professor and the course curriculum. 6)  College Codes Make  Color Blindness  a Microaggression wait, what? . UCLA says  Color Blindness,  the idea we shouldn t obsess over people s race, is a microaggression. If you refuse to treat an individual as a  racial/cultural being,  then you re being aggressive. 7)  The phrase  politically correct  is now a microaggression according to the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee. The university s  Just Words  campaign is the work of UWM s  Inclusive Excellence Center  and aims to  raise awareness of microaggressions and their impact microaggressions like  politically correct  or  PC. 8) )  American,   illegal alien,   foreigners,   mothering,  and  fathering  are just a handful of words deemed  problematic  by the University of New Hampshire s Bias-Free Language Guide .Saying  American  to reference Americans is also problematic. The guide encourages the use of the more inclusive substitutes  U.S. citizen  or  Resident of the U.S.  The guide also tries to get students to stop saying  Caucasian,   illegal Immigrant,   mother,   father  and even the word  healthy  is said to shame those who aren t healthy. 9)  Late yesterday afternoon, ACLJ filed a lawsuit on behalf of Brandon Jenkins against officials of The Community College of Baltimore County (CCBC) in Maryland for denying Brandon admission to its Radiation Therapy Program in part due to his expression of religious beliefs. As one faculty member explained to Brandon, on behalf of CCBC, the  field [of radiation therapy] is not the place for religion. 10)  A California school co-founded by a firebrand who once called for an  intifada  in the U.S. has become the nation s first accredited Muslim college. 11)  According to Coastal Carolina University, sex is only consensual if both parties are completely sober and if consent is not only present, but also enthusiastic. This is a troubling standard that converts many ordinary, lawful sexual encounters into sexual assault, and it should frighten any student at CCU. 12)  Clemson University apologizes for serving Mexican food Students took to Twitter to call the event culturally insensitive and to question the school s efforts to promote diversity .Clemson Dining issued an apology to  offended  students after hosting a  Maximum Mexican  food day. 13)  All-Women s College Cancels  Vagina Monologues  Because it Excludes Women Without Vaginas. 14)  The  Black Lives Matter  leader who landed a teaching gig at Yale University delivered a lecture this week on the historical merits of looting as a form of protest, backing up his lesson with required reading that puts modern-day marauders on par with the patriots behind the Boston Tea Party. 15)  Assistant Dean (at Cornell) Tells a Project Veritas Investigative Journalist that the University Would Allow an ISIS Terrorist to Hold a  Training Camp  on Campus, Saying:  It Would be Like Bringing in a Coach to do a Training on a Sports Team.' Watch here:Via: Townhall",0
21286,HOW THE FBI Cracked A Terror Plot On Black Friday That May Have Been Worse Than 9-11," The U.S. is the great enemy of mankind!  raved Ernesto  Che  Guevara in 1961.  Against those hyenas there is no option but extermination. We will bring the war to the imperialist enemies  very home, to his places of work and recreation. The imperialist enemy must feel like a hunted animal wherever he moves. Thus we ll destroy him! We must keep our hatred against them (the U.S.) alive and fan it to paroxysms!  -Che Guevara, head of Cuba s  Foreign Liberation Department,  Nov. 17, 1962We have a president who won t tie Islamic terrorists to Islam, has cut a one-sided deal with Iran, as they continue to chant  death to America,  and has made an open alliance with a communist country who has a long history of hating America. The same country Obama is fighting to normalize relations with, would have committed an unspeakable act of terrorism against us, had our FBI not thwarted their plans.  Why the rush to embrace so many nations and leaders who have a long history of wanting to harm us Barry?  On the morning of November 17th, 1962, FBI headquarters in Washington D.C. took on  all the trappings of a military command post,  according to historian William Breuer. The previous night an intelligence puzzle had finally come together. The resulting picture staggered the FBI men. And these had served at their posts during WWII and the height of the Cold War. They d seen plenty. Now they had mere days to foil a crime against their nation to rival Hideki Tojo s.The agents and officers were haggard and red-eyed  but seriously wired. Like hawks on a perch they d been watching the plot unfold, sweating bullets the whole time. It was nearing time to swoop down on Fidel Castro and Che Guevara s agents, busy with a terror plot that would have made ISIS drool decades later.Alan Belmont was second to J Edgar Hoover at the time. Raymond Wannall headed the Bureau s Intelligence Division. That nerve-jangling morning both were in Belmont s office just down the hall from Hoover s. Both were burning up the telephone lines to their agents in New York. On one phone they had Special Agent John Malone who ran the New York field office. On other lines they talked with several carloads of FBI agents slinking around Manhattan. These were keeping a touch-and-go, but more or less constant, surveillance on the ringleaders of the Cuban terror plot.Castro s agents had targeted Macy s, Gimbels, Bloomingdales, and Manhattan s Grand Central Station with a dozen incendiary devices and 500 kilos of TNT. The holocaust was set for detonation the following week, on the day after Thanksgiving.A little perspective: For their March 2004 Madrid subway blasts, all 10 of them, that killed and maimed almost 2,000 people, al-Qaeda used a grand total of 100 kilos of TNT. Castro and Che s agents planned to set off five times that explosive power in the three biggest department stores on earth, all packed to suffocation and pulsing with holiday cheer on the year s biggest shopping day. Macy s get s 50,000 shoppers that one day. Thousands of New Yorkers, including women and children actually, given the date and targets, probably mostly women and children were to be incinerated and entombed. ( We greeted each other as old friends,  gushed Jimmy Carter when visiting Fidel Castro in 2002.)At the time, the FBI relied heavily on  HUMINT  (Human Intelligence.) So they d expertly penetrated the plot. One by one the ringleaders were ambushed. The first was named Roberto Santiesteban and he was nabbed while walking down Riverside Drive. As the agents closed in, Santiesteban saw them and  took off! And as he ran, Santiesteban was jamming paper in his mouth and chewing furiously.But six FBI agents were after him, all fleet of foot themselves. Finally they closed the ring and  triangulated  the suspect. Santiesteban fell, raging and cursing, flailing his arms and jabbing his elbows like a maniac. They grabbed his arm and bent it behind his back just as he was reaching for his pistol.While this group got their man, another FBI squad arrested a couple named Elsa Montero and Jose Gomez-Abad as they left their apartment on West 71st Street. The FBI speculated that as many as 30 others might have been in on the plot, but these were the head honchos. Had those detonators gone off, 9/11 might be remembered as the SECOND deadliest terrorist attack on U.S. soil.Some of these plotters belonged to the New York Chapter of the Fair Play for Cuba Committee, an outfit that became MUCH better known a year later on that very week. Incidentally, at the time of the Manhattan terror plot, the Fair Play For Cuba Committee also included among its members, CBS correspondent Robert Taber (an early version of Dan Rather, who conducted Castro s first network television soft-soaping on Aug. 30, 1957), along with The Nation magazine co-owner Alan Sagner. In 1996 President Clinton appointed Alan Sagner head of the Corporation for Public Broadcasting.Terror-plotters Roberto Santiesteban, Elsa Montero and Jose Gomez-Abad belonged to the Castro-Cuban Mission to the U.N. and escaped prosecution by indignantly claiming  diplomatic immunity.  Via: TownhallIt s hard to imagine any American would ever consider Che Guevara to be a hero And then again, maybe it s not so hard to imagine:Maria Isabel is the campaign volunteer who hung this Che Guevara poster in the Obama campaign office in Houston, TX. She s no  low-level  volunteer either. She is a campaign  precinct captain  and the co-chair of the Houston Obama Leadership Team. ",0
21287,CHICAGO THUGS Watched 9 Yr Old Play On Swings Before Carrying Out His Brutal Murder In Retaliation Against Dad’s Gang,"UPDATE: No #BlackLivesMatter Protests PlannedChicago has no shortage of thugs. What they do have a shortage of is support from the #BlackLivesMatter terrorists and Obama Regime. You don t hear our Community Organizer In Chief running to a microphone every time a young black man or woman is murdered at the hands of another black man or woman. Sadly, it doesn t fit their narrative. This young boy s murder is far more tragic than the plight of the Muslim boy, with a history of discipline issues, who took a fake bomb to school in Texas on 9-11 and was rightly punished for his behavior by school officials. The phony outrage that Obama showed the world over this little fake  clock boy s  arrest should sicken every American. It is especially disturbing when one considers Obama s deafening silence over the horrific gang violence that plagues his hometown of Chicago. Where were the tweets of outrage from the White House over the loss of this beautiful young boy s life? Crickets On Friday, prosecutors laid out their case against a man accused of murdering 9-year-old Tyshawn Lee on Nov. 2Corey Morgan, 27, of suburban Lansing, was charged in the murder. Police have one other man in custody who has not yet been charged, and a third man, Kevin Edwards, is also wanted in the slaying.Prosecutors say Corey Morgan (left) and Kevin Edwards planned the heinous murder of 9-year-old Tyshawn Lee.Assistant State s Attorney George Canellis said Friday the shooting stemmed from an ongoing feud between Morgan s gang, the BBG (Bang Bang Gang)/Terror Dome faction of the Black P Stones and the Killaward faction of the Gangster Disciples.The feud came to a boil after an Oct. 13 shooting in which Morgan s brother, Tracey Morgan was killed and his mother was wounded. Morgan was so enraged he threatened to shoot  grandmas, mamas, kids and all  in retaliation, prosecutors said.Tyshawn was hit in his back, forearm and head, and part of his thumb was shot off as if he was raising his hand to block the shots, Canellis said. This murder was committed in a cold, calculated and premeditated manner,  Canellis said.Chicago Police Superintendent Garry McCarthy vowed to destroy the group responsible for the boy s brutal murder. They are going to be obliterated,  he said.  That gang just signed its death warrant. McCarthy did not detail each suspect s role in the shooting. We know that there were three individuals involved in this,  he said.Morgan s arrest comes nearly a month after Tyshawn s Nov. 2 shooting death.Police are hunting for Kevin Edwards, also suspected in the shooting.Court documents paint a disturbing picture of the planned attack, explaining that Morgan and his accomplices allegedly saw Tyshawn playing on the swings in a playlot with his basketball beside him. One of the suspects allegedly started dribbling Tyshawn s ball, ultimately luring him into the alley where police say he was  executed. Read more on what happened in court Friday here.Tyshawn Lee Case: Cory Morgan ProfferVia: DNAinfochicago",0
21288,Catholic University Replaces Bathroom Signage To Be More “Gender Inclusive”,"Diversity first Fordham University recently approved the removal of common restroom signage indicating use for either the male or female sex at one building on the Lincoln Center campus, embracing part of a student-led campaign to make the University more  gender inclusive. According to The Fordham Observer, the changes to signs in the Leon Lowenstein building were pushed by The Positive, a student activist group. The restroom signage initiative started during the 2015 spring semester when The Positive reportedly entered into dialogue with Fordham s administration and student government.The Positive s student leader, who identifies as a transgender male (a woman living as a man), told the Observer,  Having a restroom I could use without fear was definitely something I wanted. But the student readily noted that  this was never about bathrooms   this was always about more than that. The Observer reported that new signs were installed in single stall restrooms in the Leon Lowenstein building s third floor. The new signs are  void of gender icons, include braille, the latest New York State handicap symbol and simply say  restroom. The Positive s goal is not to convert multi-stall bathrooms to gender neutral, but to establish already single stall restrooms as gender inclusive spaces,  the Observer reported in April. Our strategy for attaining them right now, in the short-run, includes changing the signage of all single stall bathrooms on campus to be gender inclusive and to work to publicize those spaces.  The Positive told the Observer, later adding,  This is a proactive and conscientious effort to be gender inclusive. The Cardinal Newman Society reached out to Fordham University to inquire whether the restroom initiative could pose a conflict with Fordham s Catholic identity, but no response was received by time of publication.The Catechism of the Catholic Church states the following about the sexes:Man and woman have been created, which is to say, willed by God: on the one hand, in perfect equality as human persons; on the other, in their respective beings as man and woman.  Being man  or  being woman  is a reality which is good and willed by God   In their  being-man  and  being-woman,  they reflect the Creator s wisdom and goodness.The Observer noted that Fordham s assistant dean and director of the Office of Multicultural Affairs, Juan Carlos Matos, researched  what Fordham s peer Jesuit institutions offer in terms of  all gender  restrooms.  They found that the University of San Francisco  uses all gender bathroom labeling on single stalled restrooms  and Georgetown University  has all gender signage on single-stalled bathrooms accompanied by both male and female gender icons and a handicap sign. Of the nation s 28 Jesuit colleges, only six offer gender-neutral bathrooms on their campuses. Five more are rumored to be considering making the change,  the Observer reported. The six Jesuit colleges with gender-neutral bathrooms are reportedly Boston College, Fairfield University, Fordham University, Georgetown University, Santa Clara University, the University of San Francisco and the University of Scranton.The University of San Francisco lists gender-neutral bathrooms under the  Gender Identity/Expression policy  of its Residential Life website. Moreover, the University recently implemented  gender-inclusive housing  for the 2015-16 school year. It is intended that the gender-inclusive housing option will support S.H.a.R.E. s [Student Housing and Residential Education] mission to create safe, affirming, and inclusive communities by providing options for students of varying identities and preferences,  the University housing website reads. Students may apply for the gender-inclusive housing for a variety of reasons, including if they  identify as transgender, do not wish to be identified by any sex or gender identity, [or] prefer to live with a roommate of a different gender. The five Jesuit colleges reportedly considering gender-neutral bathrooms are Creighton University, Gonzaga University, Loyola University New Orleans, Marquette University, and St. Joseph s University. The Newman Society has also reported on mounting pressure for gender-neutral bathrooms at Loyola University Chicago.An online PDF of a proposal from Creighton University s Gay-Straight Alliance and Swanson Residence Hall Council claims that incorporating gender-neutral restrooms on campus maintains the Jesuit value of cura personalis and helps to  maintain a safe environment for the support, education, and assistance of all students.  Via: EAG News ",0
21289,Murdered Chicago Teen Was Ward Of The State…So Why Did His Mom And Sister Get $5 Million Settlement?,"Absent parent Cashin  in McDonald was the teen who was shot by the Chicago officer 16 times, some while he was apparently incapacitated on the ground. His family, namely his mother and sister were paid $5 million in a settlement from the city. But they were not taking care of him, the city effectively was. He was removed from his home at age 5 and grew up in foster homes. One has to wonder was he removed from the home because of the molestation?CHICAGO (CBS)   Who was Laquan McDonald? CBS 2 s Dorothy Tucker takes a look at his complicated life from the view of educators and family friends.Yolanda Hoskins speaks affectionately about the Laquan McDonald. He was her son s best friend. Happy and just wanted to be around somebody and feel loved,  she said.The 17-year-old she knew liked basketball, tacos and gym shoes, but he also had a troubled past. He was a ward of the state,  she said.  He was molested too. His death at the hands of a Chicago Police officer who s accused of shooting him 16 times prompted Hoskins to join community activists in a call for justice.There have been questions raised about the failure to release the video earlier and some have accused Rahm Emanuel of holding it back to not hinder his election, and paying the family off. The family apparently was shown the video but did not seek to make it public, in fact, said they would prefer it not to be public as  what mother would want to see the execution of her son over and over . As part of the settlement they agreed to keep it confidential.Update:Here s more on the short life of Laquan McDonald. His mother at every point failed him, mother s boyfriend abused him and he had to be removed from the home. And you wonder how he became a druggie and ended up high on PCP? Sure makes me happy his mother got $5 million dollars for how much she failed him Via: Weasel Zippers",0
21290,NATION OF ISLAM Joins #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists To Shut Down Chicago’s Popular “Miracle Mile” On Busiest Shopping Day Of Year [Videos and Photos],"How can it possibly be legal for these terrorists to lock arms and block innocent shoppers from entering these stores? The  Miracle Mile,  located in the city of Chicago draws tens of thousands of shoppers every year at Christmas time. Imagine the faces of families of every ethnicity when they find out the City of Chicago is allowing these terrorists to prevent them from entering these stores? Roughly 3,000 demonstrators have shut down a large portion of Michigan Avenue in Chicago the  Magnificent Mile in the middle of Black Friday, the busiest shopping day of the year, to protest the shooting of black teenager Laquon McDonald.The 17-year-old was killed in October 2014, and was apparently armed with a knife at the time. Video of the shooting released on Tuesday, however, shows that he was walking away from police at the time he was shot 16 times by Officer Jason Van Dyke.Turnout was strong despite 39-degree weather and rainy conditions. Demonstrators shouted  16 shots!  and  No justice, no shopping! The march started at Michigan and Wacker Drive and began walking north. They include demonstrators from the Nation of Islam, which is marching under the banner of  Justice of Else ; RevCom, the Revolutionary Communist Party, and the Rev. Jesse Jackson s Rainbow PUSH coalition.100 Percent FED UP: Here, the terror groups can be seen (without any visible resistance from the police) chanting about shutting down the Apple Store, located on the Miracle Mile:Apple Store on Michigan just locked its doors. #LaquanMcDonald #BlackFriday @TouchVisionTV pic.twitter.com/y97WaHTQVT  Lauren Mialki (@laurenmialki) November 27, 2015Shutting down Tiffany's over #LaquanMcDonald ""No diamonds today"" pic.twitter.com/ygHQdLKaUL  Kathryn Pensack (@katpen6) November 27, 2015The #LaquanMcDonald protest is on the move, heading north on Michigan Avenue https://t.co/2E4mcauYv0  Whitney Dawn Carlson (@whitneydawn) November 27, 2015And of course, what would a #BlackLivesMatter protest be without pro-communism supporters?Old, White Communists Lead Anti-Cop Protests In Chicago Over McDonald Death: https://t.co/gVpflUqm6M #LaquanMcDonald pic.twitter.com/29PKqhcQ0A  The Daily Caller (@DailyCaller) November 27, 2015Yesterday, we shared a story about BLM terrorists attempting to rip down the iconic Christmas tree on Miracle Mile. Click HERE for the full story.The latter group is marching slowly, while the other groups have pushed ahead, effectively taking up five city blocks along Michigan Ave., with hundreds of Chicago Police Department officers lining the streets.Various groups begin marching down Michigan Ave in protest of Mayor @RahmEmanuel s handling of #LaquanMcDonald vid.Various groups begin marching down Michigan Ave in protest of Mayor @RahmEmanuel's handling of #LaquanMcDonald vid. pic.twitter.com/FF0XbYMOZ0  The Chicago Reporter (@ChicagoReporter) November 27, 2015  The Chicago Reporter (@ChicagoReporter) November 27, 2015Protesters are attempting to gain access to major department stores and shopping malls. Police turned them away at the entrance to Water Tower Place, but they continue to try to enter other shopping areas with the intention of blocking commerce from taking place. As of noon, the protesters were walking toward the John Hancock tower.Update 1:00 p.m.: Several stores have been blocked and effectively shut down, including Macy s, H&M, and others over six blocks. Shoppers are either stuck inside the stores or cannot enter. Some shuffle by, as protesters shout at them. Michigan Avenue itself, normally filled with traffic, is empty.)Photo- Lee Stranahan, Breitbart NewsIn conversations with demonstrators, Breitbart News has learned that the groups plan to target the Chicago Board of Trade, one of the world s most important commodities exchanges, in future demonstrations. The aim is to do as much economic damage as possible while drawing attention to perceived racism and abuse by the Chicago Police Department. The police have struggled to manage the city s rise in crime in recent years, and now labor under new suspicions of prejudice and political corruption. Via: Breitbart News ",0
21291,13 YR OLD BLACK CONSERVATIVE Hammers #BlackLivesMatter College Activists:”Grow Up!” [Video],"The spoiled brats protesting on colleges campuses across America could benefit from a little common sense advice from 13 year old conservative, CJ Pearson Cj Pearson is running for Chairman of the Georgia Teen Republicans. If you live in Georgia, you might consider supporting him.You can also donate to his #StandwittCJ campaign here: https://rally.org/CJPearson ",0
21292,MATTEL Features Boy In Girly Barbie Commercial…Doing Their Part To Help Letists Blur The Gender Lines [VIDEO],"Newsflash for Mattel, and any other company who is pandering to the Left this Christmas season: God did not create Gender-Neutral beings God made man and woman to be different for a reason Don t mess with God A boy is featured in the latest Barbie commercial for the first time ever. The commercial is receiving widespread praise for upending gender barriers. The ad displays Mattel s new line of Barbie dolls created as part of a partnership with the Italian fashion house Moschino. The dolls sport outfits of black mesh and leather, with edgy golden accessories to match.However, it is not the dolls  racy clothing that steals the show, but rather, the mohawked boy playing with the dolls.  Moschino Barbie is so fierce,  he exclaims to the camera with an exaggerated head roll. This single line is garnering the Barbie boy a huge fan base worldwide.The public now accepts homosexuality and same-sex  marriage.  But the fight is not over. The offensive to reshape society in even more radical ways pushes forward.An effort is gaining ground to create a world where not just  sexual orientation,  but sex itself, is a choice. Where boys can be girls and girls can be boys, or something in between. Where people are expected to ignore the biological reality of sex so that all people coexist androgynously, or according to whatever gender suits them at the moment. Where everyone pretends that gender confusion is normal, if not desirable, and anyone who doesn t play along can be punished and silenced.This demonstrates unprecedented contempt for reality and common sense, let alone morality.Think of the implications with respect to public bathrooms, sex-segregated activities, locker rooms, college student housing and countless other areas of human interaction.Does the idea of a boy who thinks he s a girl showering next to your daughter in P.E. class make you uncomfortable? Then you d better brace yourself. This cause is winning critical legal battles and it is starting with our youth.Earlier this month, the California Senate passed a bill saying that throughout K-12 education, a student is  permitted to participate in sex-segregated school programs and activities, including athletic teams and competitions, and use facilities [e.g. bathrooms, locker rooms] consistent with his or her gender identity, irrespective of the gender listed on the pupil s records.   Gender identity  is the terminology these ultrasensitive, morally sophisticated lawmakers use to refer to the sex a person happens to identify with.Last month, a governing body in Colorado ruled that a 6-year-old boy who thinks he s a girl has the right to use the girl s bathroom at his elementary school. The Colorado Division of Civil Rights said that denying him that right  creates an environment rife with harassment  and is akin to racial segregation.See where this is going? The public majority already agrees that denying same-sex couples the right to  marry  is exactly like prohibiting interracial marriage. Now, denying someone access to a public bathroom on the basis of biology is just like excluding blacks from white-only facilities.These lawmakers and officials are determined to ensure that these children grow up in a world where sex confusion is welcomed, even encouraged.What about the girl who feels awkward about having a boy walk in while she s using the bathroom? Sorry. She is the one who needs to adjust her thinking not the boy.But there is something far more sinister going on here. Mattel is not just using the ad to connect with little boys who play with Barbie dolls; it is using the ad to smash gender roles.It s no secret that society is moving away from gender-based toys for children. Target is in the process of removing gender-based signs from their toy section, and Hasbro switched to a gender-neutral Easy-Bake Oven a few years ago.The Moschino Barbie commercial is just another step in society s pursuit to radically change social expectations. But is including a boy in a Barbie ad really  progress  and  common sense,  as one news source put it? Via: The Trumpet",0
21293,MARINE ARRESTED FOR Complaining About Government On Facebook Is Suing Government [VIDEO],"This is some pretty surreal stuff In the four years since the start of Operation Vigilant Eagle, the government has steadily ramped up its campaign to  silence  dissidents, especially those with military backgrounds.The case of 26-year-old decorated Marine Brandon Raub who was targeted because of his Facebook posts, interrogated by government agents about his views on government corruption, arrested with no warning, labeled mentally ill for subscribing to so-called  conspiratorial  views about the government, detained against his will in a psych ward for standing by his views, and isolated from his family, friends and attorneys is a prime example of the government s war on veterans.Raub s case exposes the seedy underbelly of a governmental system that is targeting Americans especially military veterans for expressing their discontent over America s rapid transition to a police state. Via: Conservative Post ",0
21294,Obama’s Race War Makes Its Way To His Hometown Of Chicago…Where This Punk Follows His Cop-Hating Lead,"This is insane!WATCH: Protests erupted in Chicago Tuesday night in the wake of first-degree murder charges being brought against a police officer who shot and killed a 17-year-old black man in October 2014.Watch this young punk staring down a cop who is just standing in place defending the protesters. This tough guy has been emboldened by the Barack Obama-Eric Holder race and cop war that was started when Trayvon Martin was killed by  White Hispanic  George Zimmerman. Thug Michael Brown s death just gave these hate organizer a reason to pass the baton to a whole new group of rioters in another geographic area.Now, one year after a shooting incident that left a young black man dead and a police officer facing first degree murder charges, we see it happening all over again in Obama s hometown of Chicago.Things get pretty heated in this exchange during the Megan Kelly show. This is Obama s legacy. This is how he ll be remembered:// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_GB/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>WATCH: Protests erupted in Chicago Tuesday night in the wake of first-degree murder charges being brought against a police officer who shot and killed a 17-year-old black man in October 2014.Posted by The Kelly File on Tuesday, 24 November 2015 As a side note,here are a few interesting crime statistics in Chicago, IL from Jan 1, 2015- Nov. 24, 2015:Click here to see source for the image above. ",0
21295,NOT KIDDING: Students Are Given Counseling After Seeing A “Symbol Of Oppression” On Student’s Laptop,"When did white students become throw away citizens on campuses?  White privilege has turned to  white shame  and outright psychological abuse at the hands of Black Lives Matter terrorists and pathetic excuses for educators University students in Massachusetts who were upset by an image of a Confederate flag sticker on another student s laptop were offered counseling services at Framingham State University.The offer came after the university s  chief diversity and inclusion officer,  Sean Huddleston, described the display of the small Confederate flag sticker as a  bias incident. According to Metrowest Daily News, students filed two  bias reports  within the past month as a result of a student displaying the flag in some way. The most recent bias incident   reported on November 19   was a report of a student having seen a Confederate flag sticker on another student s laptop.In an email to students, Huddleston did not declare a ban on displaying the flag, but claimed that it upsets some students.MRCTV obtained the email in which Huddleston wrote:A student reported a bias incident today, in which the image of the Confederate flag was displayed on a laptop. Many of you may be aware that last month we received a Bias Incident involving two other students for a similar issue. Although related in nature, the two incidents involve separate parties.The FSU Bias Protocol and Response Team has been made aware of the incident, and will meet to determine any measures that may be needed to respond to the incident. Our primary goal continues to be to expeditiously address and resolve incidents of bias that impede our progress toward a welcoming and inclusive campus community. Many see the Confederate flag as an inflammatory symbol of oppression and constant reminder of a dark period in the history of the United States in which slavery was a legal,  Huddleston continued, while  Others may simply view this flag as a symbol of shared southern heritage and in memory of the Civil War. Huddleston said the flag and other symbols  are not condoned by Framingham State University, as they violate the core values of our institution and not considered consistent with our desire to maintain a safe, respectful and welcoming campus community for all. He further described  bias incidents  as  situations that may not rise to the level of a criminal act, but still clearly communicate offensive or derogatory behaviors. Observing that students on campus in general may have suffered a traumatic reaction from seeing an image of the Confederate flag, Huddleston continued,  We recognize that bias incidents are upsetting for the entire campus community, but especially for the target(s) and witness(es) of these incidents. It is strongly suggested that anyone impacted by a bias incident find someone to speak with,  he wrote.According to FSU campus newspaper The Gatepost, social-media displayed a mixed reaction to Huddleston s email:On the popular anonymous social media app Yik Yak, one student said the Confederate flag controversy was  legitimately embarrassing  and  someone is getting in trouble for such stupid bullshit. Another student disagreed and compared the Confederate flag to the swastika. Adding,  That s the issue. In case you were somehow still confused in 2015. One anonymous student posted,  Carry a copy of the constitution tomorrow, see how fast the PC police emails fly. Via: Breitbart News ",0
21296,LIBERAL LUNACY: A Real Tom Turkey You’ll Get A Kick Out Of!,This picture is for anyone who needs proof that  liberalism is a mental disorder. The Free Range FoolNothing says  Happy Thanksgiving  like a liberal tool.Courtesy of PETA,0
21297,EMBARRASSING: Obama Explains How He Will ‘Rebuke’ ISIS By Attending Climate Change Summit [VIDEO],"re buke r byo ok/ verb 1. express sharp disapproval or criticism of (someone) because of their behavior or actions.Obama s sharp disapproval of ISIS will have them shaking in their evil boots Very powerful!By now, most of America would rather have a hot poker in the eye than be forced to hear the sound of Barry s incompetent voice, but you just have to listen to this arrogant a*s to believe he actually said this re buke r byo ok/ verb 1. express sharp disapproval or criticism of (someone) because of their behavior or actions.In a joint press conference with France s President Hollande on Tuesday, President Obama took a cue from Brian Williams and focused on the  powerful  message that  we  are sending terrorists by not cancelling the climate conference in Paris.Imagine the cold chill wind that in that moment crawled up the spine of every ISIS terrorist with a TV and possibly an aerosol spray can. Like Reagan and Churchill before him, the President has spoken words that will echo through the ages.  We will fight them on the beaches, which we re preserving though a combination of initiatives such as emissions reduction and carbon offsets.  Stirring.One should keep in mind, this is the same climate conference which is featuring Prince Charles as a keynote speaker. Yes, Prince Charles, who says the conflict in Syria is the fault of climate change.So .. we ll be rebuking terror by focusing on the  real  threat of climate change and featuring a speaker who blames the battle with ISIS on the weather rather than the terror.Rebuke. I do not think it means what you think it means.Via: Truth Revolt ",0
21298,FINALLY! Fed Up Princeton Students Fight Back Against Black Lives Matter Terrorists’ Demands,"Take note, these are the kinds of students employers will be falling all over themselves to hire. Lets be honest, these students/terrorists demanding  safe spaces  in the work place are not going to be very employable, and are likely to find themselves flipping burgers for less than $15/hour A group of sensible Princeton students is standing up to the mob, and demanding that Princeton s president Eisgruber do the same. The whole statement deserves to be seen:The Legislative Committee of the Princeton Open Campus Coalition has sent the following letter to President Eisgruber:Dear President Eisgruber,We write on behalf of the Princeton Open Campus Coalition to request a meeting with you so that we may present our perspectives on the events of recent weeks. We are concerned mainly with the importance of preserving an intellectual culture in which allmembers of the Princeton community feel free to engage in civil discussion and to express their convictions without fear of being subjected to intimidation or abuse. Thanks to recent polls, surveys, and petitions, we have reason to believe that our concerns are shared by a majority of our fellow Princeton undergraduates.Academic discourse consists of reasoned arguments. We simply wish to present our own reasoned arguments and engage you and other senior administrators in dialogue. We will not occupy your office, and, though we respectfully request a minimum of an hour of your time, we will only stay for as long as you wish. We will conduct ourselves in the civil manner that it is our hope to maintain and reinforce as the norm at Princeton.This dialogue is necessary because many students have shared with us that they are afraid to state publicly their opinions on recent events for fear of being vilified, slandered, and subjected to hatred, either by fellow students or faculty. Many who questioned the protest were labeled racist, and black students who expressed disagreement with the protesters were called  white sympathizers  and were told they were  not black.  We, the Princeton Open Campus Coalition, refuse to let our peers be intimidated or bullied into silence on these or any important matters.First, we wish to discuss with you the methods employed by protesters. Across the ideological spectrum on campus, many people found the invasion of your office and refusal to leave to be troubling. Admittedly, civil disobedience (and even law-breaking) can sometimes be justified. However, they cannot be justified when channels of advocacy, through fair procedures of decision-making, are fully open, as they are at our University. To adopt these tactics while such procedures for debate and reform are in place is to come dangerously close to the line dividing demonstration from intimidation. It is also a way of seeking an unfair advantage over people with different viewpoints who refuse to resort to such tactics for fear of damaging this institution that they love.Second, we welcome a fair debate about the specific demands that have been made.We oppose efforts to purge (and literally paint over) recognitions of Woodrow Wilson s achievements, including Wilson College, the Woodrow Wilson School of Public and International Affairs, and his mural in Wilcox Dining Hall. As you have noted, Wilson, like all other historical figures, has a mixed legacy. It is not for his contemptible racism, but for his contributions as president of both Princeton and the United States that we honor Wilson. Moreover, if we cease honoring flawed individuals, there will be no names adorning our buildings, no statues decorating our courtyards, and no biographies capable of inspiring future generations.We worry that the proposed distribution requirement will contribute to the politicization of the University and facilitate groupthink. However, we, too, are concerned about diversity in the classroom and offer our own solution to this problem. While we do not wish to impose additional distribution requirements on students for fear of stifling academic exploration, we believe that all students should be encouraged to take courses taught by professors who will challenge their preconceived mindsets. To this end, the University should make every effort to attract outstanding faculty representing a wider range of viewpoints even controversial viewpoints across all departments. Princeton needs more Peter Singers, more Cornel Wests, and more Robert Georges.Similarly, we believe that requiring cultural competency training for faculty threatens to impose orthodoxies on issues about which people of good faith often disagree. As Professor Sergiu Klainerman has observed, it reeks of the reeducation programs to which people in his native Romania were subjected under communist rule.We firmly believe that there should be no space at a university in which any member of the community, student or faculty, is  safe  from having his or her most cherished and even identity-forming values challenged. It is the very mission of the university to seek truth by subjecting all beliefs to critical, rational scrutiny. While students with a shared interest in studying certain cultures are certainly welcome to live together, we reject University-sponsored separatism in housing. We are all members of the Princeton community. We denounce the notion that our basic interactions with each other should be defined by demographic traits.We hope that you will agree to meet with us. We will be happy to make ourselves available to meet in your office at your earliest convenience. We are also requesting a meeting with the Board of Trustees. For reasons you have articulated in your recent message to the community, there is no time to waste in having these discussions.Unlike their counterparts at other universities, Princeton undergraduates opposed to the curtailment of academic freedom refuse to remain silent out of fear of being slandered. We will not stop fighting for what we believe in.Thank you very much for your consideration. We look forward to your reply.-The Legislative Committee of Princeton Open Campus Coalition Allie Burton  17 Evan Draim  16 Josh Freeman  18 Sofia Gallo  17 Solveig Gold  17 Andy Loo  16 Sebastian Marotta  16 Devon Naftzger  16 Beni Snow  19 Josh Zuckerman  16Via: Powerline Blog",0
21299,Leftist Media’s Poster Boy For “Islamaphobia” Caught At Turkey Border Trying To Join ISIS,"We ll wait for an apology from CAIR and the leftist media who couldn t slap an  Islamaphobic  label on American citizens fast enough US Muslim Saadiq Long made headlines after he was not allowed to fly to Oklahoma from Qatar to see his ailing mother.Saadiq was on the terror watch list and was not allowed into the country. The left lashed out at government officials arguing that Saadiq was a victim of  Islamophobia. Saadiq was arrested earlier this month with his family members trying to get into Syria from Turkey to join ISIS. Will CAIR rally around Saadiq now?CAIR officials greeted Saadiq Long when he arrived in Oklahoma from Qatar.PJ Media reported:A man, who just two years ago was the poster boy for the far-Left media s attacks against the U.S. government s no-fly list for  unfairly  targeting Muslims, finds himself and several family members sitting in a Turkish prison   arrested earlier this month near the Turkey-Syria border as members of an ISIS cell.It s a long way from 2013 when Saadiq Long s cause was being championed by MSNBC s Chris Hayes, Glenn Greenwald, and Mother Jones, and was being represented by the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR) terror front.His story got considerable media attention when his CAIR media representatives here pushed the story that Long wanted to return to his native Oklahoma from his current home in Qatar to visit his ailing mother but couldn t because he was on the TSA s no-fly list. They said his case represented institutional  Islamophobia. Long s cause got international attention when Glenn Greenwald published an article at The Guardian saying that Long was  effectively exiled from his own country.  Kevin Drum of Mother Jones branded it the  Kafkaesque World of the No-Fly List.  CAIR has 22 article entries related to Long s case on its website.https://twitter.com/laurww/status/668974136207802368After several months of wrangling between his CAIR attorneys and the Department of Homeland Security, Long was temporarily removed from the no-fly list and allowed to return to Oklahoma.Once home, however, he was still subject to FBI surveillance according to claims he made during a press conference with his CAIR handlers. Via: Gateway PunditAfter an incident with local police and the FBI, Long was apparently placed back on the no-fly list, preventing his return to Qatar.That prompted even more outrage from the far-Left media and garnered him an appearance with his CAIR handler on Chris Hayes  MSNBC show:Glenn Greenwald used Saadiq Long s MSNBC appearance to get back in on the action:Glenn Greenwald used Saadiq Long s MSNBC appearance to get back in on the action:https://twitter.com/ggreenwald/status/302484198487359490Eventually, Long boarded a bus to Mexico and got on a flight there to return home to Qatar.U.S. and Turkish officials confirmed Long s arrest to PJ Media, saying that he was arrested along with eight others operating along the Turkish-Syrian border. So far, no U.S. media outlet has reported on his arrest.We don t expect them to offer an apology for their reckless and irresponsible pandering to Muslim terrorists..",0
21300,"Are You A Conservative, Progressive Or Muslim?","Funny but sadly very true!Match A, B and C with Conservative, Progressive or Muslim.Your favorite scent is:A. GunpowderB. PatchouliC. Fresh bloodWhen your sister is raped, you:A. Hunt down the bastard and drag him to the cops.B. Hope the rapist isn t your boyfriend.C. Kill your sister.When a Jewish person steps in front of you, you say:A.  Excuse me, sir? B.  Typical Zionist! C.  Death to Israel! When a Christian steps in front of you, you say:A.  After you, brother. B.  Typical Christo-fascist! C.  Death to infidels! As a concerned parent, you make sure your kids know how to:A. Punch a bully.B. Blame the patriarchal hetero-normative Zionist hegemony for all their problems.C. Stab a Jew or infidel.Your favorite prayer isA. Our FatherB. Oh God, I hope I m not pregnant!C. Allahu akbar!(For guys)When you see an attractive woman on the street, you:A. WhistleB. Wonder if she s a transgenderC. Take her home as a sex slave(For gals)When you see a handsome man at work, you:A. Bring him cookiesB. Bring him up on false sex harassment chargesC. What is work?CAN YOU ADD TO OUR QUIZ? VIA: IOTW ",0
21301,Why 5 Of The Wealthiest Muslim Nations Refuse To Take A Single Refugee,"Coexist, assimilation, religious tolerance these are all foreign concepts to Muslims immigrants and Muslims living in countries who refuse to offer them refuge in their countries .FIVE OF THE WEALTHIEST MUSLIM COUNTRIES HAVE TAKEN NO SYRIAN REFUGEES IN AT ALL, ARGUING THAT DOING SO WOULD OPEN THEM UP TO THE RISK OF TERRORISM.Lebanon, which has 1.1 million Syrian refugees, shut her borders to the Syrians in June of last year. Jordan, host to another 630,000, followed suit in August last year, preventing more Syrians from abandoning their country.Sherif Elsayid-Ali, Amnesty International s Head of Refugee and Migrants  Rights, has slammed their inaction as  shameful .He said:  The records of Gulf countries is absolutely appalling, in terms of actually showing compassion and sharing the responsibility of this crisis  It is a disgrace. Via: Conservative Post",0
21302,BREAKING: Muslim Clock Boy Family…Give Us $15 Million…Or Else,"Teaching kids all across America that bringing fake bombs to school on 9-11 really pays off Is it possible the radical Muslim family who became famous when their son took a fake bomb to school on 9-11 has discovered the cost of living in Qatar is higher than they anticipated? Or is it possible they just miss being in the spotlight? We re thinking America may have a slightly different attitude about the Muslim clock boy post Paris tragedy You know what they say timing is everything .(pun intended).Give us $15 million   or else.That s the demand from the family of the world s most famous clockmaker, Ahmed Mohamed, to the City of Irving and Irving ISD. The city and district were each sent letters on Monday demanding money or else a lawsuit would be filed.The family wants $10 million from the City of Irving and $5 million from Irving ISD for damages it claims Ahmed and the family suffered after the teen was arrested. The family also wants an apology from the two entities.Mohamed, 14, was arrested by Irving police in September after he brought a homemade digital clock to school that was mistaken for a bomb by Irving MacArthur High School faculty. The subsequent fallout made international headlines.Mohamed and his immediately family are now overseas in Qatar and enrolling in school after a foundation has offered to pay for his education. The letter demanding money from the city and district says that the family wants  more than anything to come home  to Irving.The letter gives both the city and the district 60 days to pay up or else face a lawsuit.City and district officials didn t have any immediate comment on the letter. Via: FOX 4 News",0
21303,NYC AVIS CAR RENTAL REFUSES To Rent Car To Israeli,"Was this a case of anti-semitism? If it wasn t,why didn t the corporate office make more of an effort to apologize or attempt to make it right for the customer? UPDATE (6:33 pm): This story has been updated to add comment from Avis.On Saturday evening, Dov Bergwerk arrived at the Avis branch on West 76th Street and Broadway. Accompanied by his wife Ruth, the Bergwerks were planning to join friends for dinner in Westchester. Mr. Bergwerk, a senior vice president and general corporate counsel at the Israeli pharmaceutical giant Teva, got out his driver s license, reservation number and  Wizard  loyalty card   he s rented from Avis dozens of times before   and anticipated the usual smooth transition into a nondescript mid-sized sedan.That s when the trouble started.A reservation agent named Angelline declined to honor Mr. Bergwerk s reservation, saying that it was company policy not to recognize Israeli documents. Stunned, Mr. Bergwerk explained that he had rented from Avis many times, including a car from that very same office on Thursday, November 19   only two days earlier.Mr. Bergwerk asked Angelline to access the profile attached to his Wizard card, which shows that he is an executive at a giant multinational company who has no regulatory issues and has rented from Avis, including at that very branch, many times without incident. She refused. They argued.Eventually, a manager was called. Shamoura took the side of her reservation agent, also refusing to honor Mr. Bergwerk s reservation or recognize his documents. Stunned and stranded on a Saturday night in New York, Mr. Bergwerk called the Avis main number and got through to customer service. The representative confirmed to him that the Israeli license was an acceptable form of ID and also mentioned that he could show his passport to ameliorate any ID concerns the on-site employees had. Mr. Bergwerk put the customer service representative on the phone with Shamoura, the branch manager, and at this point the story evolved. She now claimed that she was declining to rent the Bergwerks a car not because of the insufficient documents but because Mr. Bergwerk had  argued about the way I was being treated in front of other customers,  according to Mr. Bergwerk.The Observer asked Mr. Bergwerk if he felt that, in the heart of Manhattan s progressive activist community, he was being singled out for being an Israeli. While no direct reference was made to being anti Israel, that was my impression almost from the initial moment I presented my license and credit card as I have done over 15 years of business and leisure travel without ever being challenged. The agent stated that the Israeli license did not have the required info in English. I tried to demonstrate that the license had all the required info but she and the manager had no interest. Similarly, the fact that I have had many rentals at Avis and at this location was dismissed as having been  done by new employees. New Jersey based Avis, owned by the Avis Budget Group (which also owns Budget Rent a Car and Zipcar), is one of the largest car rental companies in the world, with almost 5500 locations in 165 countries. Almost nine hours after being asked for comment, Avis got back to the Observer with a statement, surprisingly doubling down on the behavior of its employees. The company declined to attribute the statement to any individual, and even the email address is a disembodied  Avis Budget CORP Communications. According to Avis,  On Friday, a customer seeking to rent a car from Avis Car Rental in Manhattan was not allowed to do so because he failed to provide the required documentation. Visitors to the U.S. from other countries must provide both a valid drivers license from their country of residence as well as either a valid International Drivers License or passport in order to rent from Avis. We are aggressively investigating the customer s allegations regarding the handling of this matter, as we do not tolerate any form of discrimination. So far, our ongoing investigation suggests that this customer is unfairly maligning us with unfounded allegations. Ruth Bergwerk confirmed her husband s version of events, telling the Observer,  Of course it was embarrassing. They wouldn t even open our reservation and see that we have an Avis Wizard number or that we had rented a car from the same location two days before. There was no way they would rent a car with that license. There was no way to reason with them. According to both Mr. and Ms. Bergwerk, Angelline and Shamoura would not even provide their last names or employee ID numbers. Observer reporting confirmed that the manager is Shamoura Welch-Robinson, who has worked for Avis since April 2014, according to her LinkedIn page.Mr. Bergwerk said,  I felt that something very ugly was going on. Discriminated against. When you deny someone a service and they present the ability to pay for that service and they dismiss you like your money isn t good here, it s very demeaning. The Israeli government provides a list of countries that recognize an Israel Driving License; as a close ally, the US has among the most generous policies and even Turkey and Singapore do so. Meanwhile, the Bergwerks never made it to Westchester last night. In something short of a tragedy but with ominous overtones for those carrying Israeli documents according to Ms. Bergwerk,  Our plans for the evening were ruined. Via: Observer",0
21304,SNIVELING COWARDS AT CNN Caught Editing Trump Tape With “Muslim” Comments [VIDEO],"If the Republican Party really cared about winning this race, they d cancel the upcoming debate with CNN. The only logical reason for the GOP establishment to agree to allow CNN to host the next debate would be if they were working behind the scenes with CNN to take Trump out. But the RNC wouldn t do that would they? Left-wing cable news network CNN has been caught red-handed selectively editing Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump s comments about a  Muslim registry,  and doing so in order to make it sound as though he is agreeing to this registry. He is not.The edited video is yet another lying log on the left-wing garbage fire that is CNN, and yet in just three weeks, this very same garbage fire is hosting the next Republican presidential debate!What exactly does CNN have to do in order to lose its right to depose these candidates for two hours in front of the whole world? If CNN is already maliciously editing video to  take out  out the frontrunner, I don t even want to speculate.Courtesy of Gateway Pundit, watch the CNN video. Pay special attention to the sneaky edit just before Trump says  absolutely :The left-wing liars at CNN have intentionally edited the video to make it look as though Trump said  absolutely  to a Muslim registry. What CNN edited out is in bold:Reporter: Should there be a database system that tracks Muslims who are in this country?Trump: There should be a lot of systems, beyond databases. We should have a lot of systems, and today you can do it. But right now we need to have a border, we have to have strength, we have to have a wall, and we cannot let what s happening to this country happen any longer.Reporter: Is that something your White House would like to implement?Donald Trump: I would certainly implement that. Absolutely.Trump s  absolutely  is clearly in reference to strengthening the border. Look at the whole transcript. When the NBC News reporter asks,  Is that something your White House would like to implement?,  Trump has just talked about fortifying the border and obviously believes that is what the NBC reporter is referring to.CNN edited that out!It is time for Reince Priebus and the Republican Party to stand up these left-wing hit squads disguising themselves as journalists.CNN should not be allowed within a country mile of a GOP debate.How many more warning signs does the Republican Party need to realize that this is a suicide mission?Do we want to win in 2016, or not?Via: Breitbart News",0
21305,WOW! DEMOCRATS Offer Tips On How To Convince Friends Christians Are More Likely To Commit Acts Of Terrorism Than Muslims,"When we found this insane article on the Occupy Democrats website, it had over 500,000 shares. Obviously, making the case against Christians being more likely to commit terrorism while defending terrorism by Muslims is of utmost interest to the Democrat party. We have gone through each and every example of Christian  terrorism  they have given and dispelled every single one of them. Please make sure you share this article with everyone you know. We are in an emotional propaganda war with the Left and we will not win if we don t fight back with the facts. The outpouring of blatant Islamophobia and barely disguised racism coming from the right-wing in the wake of the Paris attacks is utterly despicable. Every time one of these attacks happen, conservatives insist on blaming the world s 1.6 billion Muslims for their complicity, even though the majority of terrorist attacks are carried out against Muslim. American far right-wingers like Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) are calling for religious profiling of incoming refugees, because somehow being a Christian automatically removes the risk of terrorism   even though Christian right-wing terrorists in America have killed more people since 9/11 than Muslim terrorists have.Republican presidential candidate Mike Huckabee even had the sheer gall to tell conservative blowhard Joe Scarborough that  I don t know of any other group of people uniquely that are targeting innocent civilians and committing these acts of mayhem.  Warmonger (from the party who has kept us at war with the same countries we were fighting with, and added a few since Obama took office) and avowed (avowed?) bigot (bigot?) Ted Cruz said that  there is no meaningful risk of Christians committing acts of terror. If there were a group of radical Christians pledging to murder anyone who had a different religious view than they, we would have a different national security situation.  Since both grifters seem to have severe selective memory problems, let s take a look at the worst Christian terrorist attacks that our own citizens have perpetrated within our borders.1. The Knoxville Unitarian Universalist Church ShootingOne of Adkisson s former wives was a member of the church he attacked. Following his heinous attack of the church members, he had this to say about the attack in his manifesto (Please note, there is never any mention of RELIGION in his reasoning for the attack. His attack was about punishing Democrats (liberals) for destroying America: Adkisson stated that he had targeted the church because of its liberal teachings and his belief that all liberals should be killed because they were ruining the country, and that he felt that the Democrats had tied his country s hands in the war on terror and they had ruined every institution in America with the aid of major media outlets. Adkisson made statements that because he could not get to the leaders of the liberal movement that he would then target those that had voted them into office. Adkisson stated that he had held these beliefs for about the last ten years. Adkisson s manifesto[10] also cited the inability to find a job, and that his food stamps were being cut. Here is a screen shot of his manifesto listing all 3 reasons he committed this horrible crime against innocent people. We are not condoning his behavior, we are simply exposing the lies of this Democrat publication who would attempt to frame this act of violence as being motivated by Christianity:Jim David Adkisson, a devout Christian and anti-abortion right-winger, walked into a Knoxville church on July 27th, 2008, and began firing a shotgun at children who were performing Annie Jr. He killed two and wounded seven, targeting  the church because of its liberal teachings and his belief that all liberals should be killed because they were ruining the country. 2. The Campaign of Terror Against Abortion DoctorsThis article references the well-known case of abortionist killer, Scott Roeder. We d like to set the record straight about how desire to take the life of abortionist, George Tiller was really about workplace violence and had NOTHING to do with Christianity.Abortion lovers were clearly salivating when word got out that a man walked into George  Tiller The Killer s  former abortion facility with a bomb in his backpack earlier this week. It turns out that, in fact, the guy was looking for a job, like so many Americans under Obamistake. He wanted to be a canvasser for Live Fetal Organ Dispensary Inc., otherwise known as Planned Parenthood.The media-reported bomb was, in fact, a pill bottle-sized firework. No one was harmed, thank God, but the incident is just one of a too-long string of MSM bigotry against conservatives.In 1993, Dr. Richard Gunn was shot dead by an anti-abortion protester. In 1994, Drs. John Britton and James Barrett were shot to death by Reverend Paul Jennings. In 1998, Dr. Barnett Sleipan was shot dead in his home by a Christian terrorist. In 2009, Dr. George Tiller was shot by Scott Roeder in a church. The ability for Christian right-wingers to justify cold-blooded murder in the name of their pro-life beliefs is a colossal hypocrisy worthy of a terrorist group like ISIS. According to the National Abortion Federation, there have been 17 attempted murders, 383 death threats, 153 incidents of assault or battery, 13 wounded, 100 butyric acid attacks, 373 physical invasions, 41 bombings, 655 anthrax threats, and 3 kidnappings committed against abortion providers since 1977. Terrorist groups like the Taliban and ISIS are very fond of acid attacks and chemical weapons like anthrax; apparently Christian right-wing terrorists share that same preference.3. The 1995 Oklahoma City Bombings(Note, there is no mention of Christianity in McVeigh s explanation of why he bombed the Murrah Fed Building.)In Timothy McVeigh s own words:I explain herein why I bombed the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City. I explain this not for publicity, nor seeking to win and argument of right or wrong. I explain so that the record is clear as to my thinking and motivations in bombing a government installation. I chose to bomb a federal building because such an action served more purposes than other options. Foremost, the bombing was a retaliatory strike; a counter attack, for the cumulative raids (and subsequent violence and damage) that federal agents had participated in over the preceding years (including, but not limited to, Waco.) From the formation of such units as the FBI s  Hostage Rescue  and other assault teams amongst federal agencies during the  80 s; culminating in the Waco incident, federal actions grew increasingly militaristic and violent, to the point where at Waco, our government   like the Chinese   was deploying tanks against its own citizens.Knowledge of these multiple and ever-more aggressive raids across the country constituted an identifiable pattern of conduct within and by the federal government and amongst its various agencies. (see enclosed) For all intents and purposes, federal agents had become  soldiers  (using military training, tactics, techniques, equipment, language, dress, organization, and mindset) and they were escalating their behavior. Therefore, this bombing was also meant as a pre-emptive (or pro-active) strike against these forces and their command and control centers within the federal building. When an aggressor force continually launches attacks from a particular base of operation, it is sound military strategy to take the fight to the enemy.Additionally, borrowing a page from U.S. foreign policy, I decided to send a message to a government that was becoming increasingly hostile, by bombing a government building and the government employees within that building who represent that government. Bombing the Murrah Federal Building was morally and strategically equivalent to the U.S. hitting a government building in Serbia, Iraq, or other nations. (see enclosed) Based on observations of the policies of my own government, I viewed this action as an acceptable option. From this perspective, what occurred in Oklahoma City was no different than what Americans rain on the heads of others all the time, and subsequently, my mindset was and is one of the clinical detachment. (the bombing of the Murrah building was not personal , no more than when Air Force, Army, Navy, or Marine personnel bomb or launch cruise missiles against government installations and their personnel.)I hope that this clarification amply addresses your question.Sincerely,  Timothy J. McVeigh  USP Terre Haute (IN)Timothy McVeigh, America s most notorious domestic terrorist, was obsessed with the Seventh-Day Aventist splinter group known as the Branch Davidians, who resisted an ATF raid on their citadel at Mount Carmel in 1993. He travelled to Waco, Texas during the Waco Siege and heavily supported the religious extremists within it. Two years later, he detonated a fertilizer bomb at the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, killing a hundred and sixty-eight people, including nineteen children, and wounded 648 others. This Christian specifically targeted innocent civilians and committed horrific acts of violence to make his political point heard   something Mr. Huckabee believes he should be incapable of, since he s not a Muslim.4. Everything The Ku Klux Klan Has Ever Done(The KKK was not founded on Christian principles and actually changed their focus in the second wave of the KKK to addressing the supposed threat of the Catholic Church, using anti-Catholicism and nativism. Its appeal was directed exclusively at white Protestants; it opposed Jews, blacks, Catholics, and newly arriving Southern European groups such as Italians.)Since its creation after the American Civil War, the Ku Klux Klan has been terrorizing Americans in the name of Protestantism and racial purity. Known for their terrifying costumes and hoods, they wrought have fear and violence against blacks, Jews, immigrants, gays, and Catholics for hundreds of years, responsible for countless massacres, lynchings, rapes, and bombings that have killed thousands. In the modern day, it still has a membership of 5,000 to 8,000 terrorists that operate in individual chapters. Just two weeks ago, Frazier Glenn Cross, the leader of the Carolina Knights of the KKK, was sentenced to death by lethal injection for murdering a fourteen year old girl and two seniors outside the Overland Park Jewish Community Center in Kansas City. The man gave the Hitler salute during his trial and declared that  Jews are destroying the white race.  None of his victims were Jewish.5. The Massacre At Zion Emmanuel AME Church in Charleston, S.C.(Maybe we missed it, but as far as we can tell, this attack had nothing to do with the attacker being a Christian. Liberal logic however, makes it okay to blame this heinous act on Christianity even though the VICTIMS were the CHRISTIANS in this case.)On Wednesday, June 17th of this year, a man rose from a pew in the historically black Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, SC, and opened fire with a .45 caliber pistol, killing nine worshipers, including pastor and State Senator Clementa Pickiney. The shooter has been photographed wearing patches representing the racist apartheid regimes in Southwest Africa, had a Confederate license plate on his vehicle. All signs points to this being a hate crime- not only is it the oldest black church in the South, it was a symbol of resistance against slavery, and a survivor reported that the shooter yelled  I have to do it. You rape our women and you re taking over our country. And you have to go.  Roof was a member of a local Lutheran church, yet somehow his baptism didn t prevent him from gunning down innocent people in a house of worship, defiling a sacred place with hate and murder.So the next time one of your conservative friends tries to  school  you on the  evils of Islam,  just name a couple items from this list. The rampant xenophobia that has taken hold of the Republican Party is an affront to everything this nation stands for. Terrorism spawns from the desperation of humankind, and for that, we are all guilty.The original article was published by Occupy Democrats on November 17, 2015 and is titled:  The Top Five Attacks On America Committed By Christian Terrorists, Not Muslims ",0
21306,“White Student Union” Forms Facebook Page To Organize Against #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists On Campus…University Asks Facebook To Remove “Offensive” Page,"This Barack Obama-Eric Holder inspired anti-American, anti-White movement is not just about marginalizing White people and demanding they assume a position of shame for a crime they never committed, it s about taking America down a few notches. It s about anti-law enforcement, anti-military, anti-corporation (that won t stop these terrorists from applying for jobs at one of these corporations or businesses run by the capitalist pigs they despise) anti-freedom of speech it s about anarchy. It s about time someone turned the tables on them and called these entitled brats out for behaving like domestic terrorists. Watch the most recent Black Lives Matter protest at the University of Illinois Urbana Champagne here, on The Office of Inclusion & Intercultural Relations Twitter page :Happening now: Black Student Solidarity Rally on the Main Quad #blackstudentrallyuiuc pic.twitter.com/uG1wCV0Bio  OIIR at Illinois (@OIIR_Illinois) November 18, 2015At the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, somebody (still anonymous at this point, apparently) put up a Facebook page announcing the proposed formation of a White Student Union which purports to specifically counter the activities of Black Lives Matter demonstrations on campus. Needless to say, this is going to set some people s hair on fire. (Washington Post)A Facebook page ostensibly created for an audience at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign called  Illini White Students Union  has drawn fire after it characterized the national Black Lives Matter movement as  terrorism. Created Wednesday after a protest sympathetic to Black Lives Matter, the page declared itself  for white students of University of Illinois to be able to form a community and discuss our own issues as well as be able to organize against the terrorism we have been facing from Black Lives Matter activists on campus,  as the Daily Illini reported.Click HERE to see the Facebook page.The page did not last long in its original incarnation, but was taken down after three hours. It has since been revived here. First, it s important to note that as long as the author or authors remain anonymous and don t come forward with an actual proposal on campus, this may all be vaporware. But with that said, it might also light off a discussion of the bizarre constructs of racism and perceived racism on America s college campuses as well as the limits of free speech and tolerance. The conversation   if it takes place   is likely to be fairly one sided. The university already weighed in with their official line, as put forward by campus spokeswoman Robin Kaler. It is disturbing and cowardly that someone would create an anonymous and senseless social media page specifically designed to intimidate others, including and especially our students. When we became aware of the page, we immediately contacted Facebook and requested that it be removed,  Kaler said in an email.  Facebook has been responsive to our requests, but the page continues to be reposted. We are continuing to work with Facebook to address this matter. We recognize that passions run deep on all sides of many issues, but actions like this are senseless and hurtful and do nothing to foster meaningful dialogue. Meanwhile, here are some of the racist and threatening tweets that were posted to the Office of Inclusion & Intercultural Relations, University Of Illinois Urbana Champagne twitter page, supposedly featuring scenes from their protests: Expect Resistance UIUC   pic.twitter.com/L5oI5CslKi  sarki (@__saada) November 18, 2015 Destroy White Supremacy Nothing to see here move along https://twitter.com/monica_alveezy/status/667057830000627712Wouldn t it just be easier to hold up a sign that says  Everyone but White lives matter? Intersectionality being spoken of right now. #uiuc #UIUCStandsWithMizzou #BlackLivesMatter #BlackTransLivesMatter pic.twitter.com/1PzGKodpK0  Leah Robberts-Mosser (@revlkrm) November 18, 2015And last, but certainly not least  White Apathy Kills. #BlackStudentRallyUIUC #BlackStudentsMatter#UIUCStandsWithMizzo#BeingBlackAtIllinois #chambana #uiuc pic.twitter.com/01WcCKwopI  Jeff Putney (@Edorbz) November 18, 2015Yeah but those darn White kids Is there a need for some sort of White Student Union? I m sure we could have a debate about that which would drag on for years. In a more existential sense, one might argue that there are problems unique to white students, such as quota systems which undermine merit based acceptance rates or the availability of certain grants and loan programs which are race based and exclude large numbers of people from consideration. But on a day to day basis, complaining that white students are somehow discriminated against by university policy is a bit of a stretch and could set such a hypothetical student union up for ridicule, if not failure, because of the accepted conventional wisdom.But that s really the point here, isn t it? Why is it always accepted that the existence of a black student union or an Asian student union or one for women, Jews, Muslims or anyone else is the routine business of the day, but the suggestion of a white student union is immediately painted as abhorrent? Even if you re making the argument that  it s simply not needed  then you have to show us why that s a disqualifying factor. A football team isn t  needed  either if the goal of a university is to educate young minds and prepare them for the adult world, but pretty much every college in America has one.Then there s the question of Black Lives Matter, which seemed to spur this proposal whether it be fake or real. The creators of the supposed White Student Union overplay their hand considerably when their opening gambit is to label BLM as  terrorists  but the underlying text voices complaints about constant disruptions to studies and the normal affairs of campus life. Is that an unreasonable charge? As we ve seen with BLM protests all over the country, their primary goal is disruption of white spaces. (Their phrasing, not mine.) Should the campus be regularly disrupted when there are students there who are paying large sums of money to get an education, a degree and hopefully a shot at a good career?But perhaps the most challenging prospect of a discussion over a proposal like this would be to have everyone look in the mirror and ask themselves why we focus so heavily on segregating ourselves into all of these demographic pigeonholes to begin with. Rather than asking if we should ban a White Student Union, perhaps someone could ask why colleges encourage all of these other student groups based on race, gender and religion. Wasn t the goal to have a unified, color-blind society, free of discrimination based on all of these qualifiers? And if we must insist on segregated pride, perhaps it s also worth asking why anything organized with the word  white  in it is immediately defined as racist and evil when no other qualifier is treated in that fashion. Via: HotAir ",0
21307,YALE Will Tack New Fee Onto Already Outrageous Tuition Costs To Help Fight Phony Climate Change,"It s amazing the sheep mentality of students attending a school that should be promoting individual thought and encouraging students to not buy into propaganda without first exploring the facts.The price of carbon dioxide emissions could be the next thing to drive up the cost of a university education, as Ivy Leaguers at Yale plan to set precedent by becoming the first school in the U.S. to enact a campus-wide  carbon charge  after signing a pledge at the White House earlier this week.More than 200 universities attended a White House climate change summit Thursday to sign a pledge on taking steps to transition to a low-carbon economy and reduce the effects of global warming. Many scientists blame greenhouse gas emissions, primarily carbon dioxide, for raising the Earth s temperature, causing more severe weather, droughts and coastal flooding.President Obama has been enlisting academic institutions and businesses to reduce their carbon emissions in the runup to a major United Nations climate conference in Paris Nov. 30. Obama intends to agree to a deal there that would commit the U.S. to reducing its emissions 26-28 percent by 2030.Thursday s pledge reads:  Today our school pledges to accelerate the transition to low-carbon energy while enhancing sustainable and resilient practices across our campuses.  Although it does not obligate campuses to enact so-called  carbon charges,  Yale University has chosen to begin testing out the idea this year.On Friday, Yale said the pledge  renews the university s commitment to maintaining a leadership role  on climate change. It notes that in 2005, the university established itself as a  global leader for climate change action  with an aggressive target of reducing greenhouse gases by 43 percent by 2020. And to that end, it announced a series of practices that includes the launch of a  campus-wide, internal carbon charge experiment. Based on a report issued earlier this year by Yale, the charge appears to be derived from an economic model the White House has developed called the  social cost of carbon  metric. Republicans have criticized the administration s use of the metric in creating costly regulations to reduce emissions, saying the White House has not been transparent in the creation of the metric. In September 2014, Yale convened the Presidential Carbon Charge Task Force to consider whether it would be feasible and effective to institute a university-wide carbon charge,  the university said.  Based on the task force s recommendation, and consistent with Yale s policy of leading by example on sustainability, Yale will soon announce a campus-wide plan for testing internal carbon charge mechanisms. The task force said Yale would implement a pilot project on carbon pricing. The task force s report said the charge on carbon dioxide emissions would provide incentives for decision makers to reduce reliance on  carbon-intensive activities. Via: Washington Examiner",0
21308,DISNEY OWNED ABC SHOW “Scandal” Shows Actress Having Abortion While “Silent Night” Plays And Narrator Says: “Family doesn’t complete you…it destroys you” [VIDEO] UPDATE: ‘Scandal’ Producer Sits On Planned Parenthood Board," Family doesn t complete you it destroys you? Wow way to promote families Disney There s nothing like a one-hour promotion of Planned Parenthood (baby parts harvester for profit) from the corporation who owes their success to live children. Anyone who supports the Disney Corporation should be asking them how they can market their amusement parks to live children, calling their parks the  The happiest place on earth,  when they openly glorify the killing of children on national TV? Feel free to leave a comment by clicking this LINKWell, now that we ve gotten that out the way, we thought you might like to know who produces the show, Scandal:The Planned Parenthood abortion business ultimately praised the episode and actors on the show defended the decision to show the killing of an unborn baby in an abortion during the Christmas song.That the abortion giant loved the episode is no surprise given its content, but it s also no surprise since Scandal s creator and producer is on the board of directors of one of its affiliates. As LifeNews blogger Ryan Bomberger pointed out on Twitter, Scandal creator Shonda Rimes sits on the baord of Planned Parenthood Los Angeles: The abortion episode was a natural for Rhimes: she previously showed her fondness for abortion by featuring it in her hit show,  Grey s Anatomy.  In real life, she sits on the board of Planned Parenthood s Los Angeles affiliate; this is a curious decision for a black woman the organization was founded on racist principles,  Donohue continued. Why the need to play  Silent Night  while the kid is killed? Rhimes is angry it s payback time. She went to a Catholic high school where she was disciplined for wearing  too-short skirts.  She never got over it. Hence, her juvenile rebelliousness. The composite picture isn t pretty it s a mess,  he said.Rhimes has three daughters and no husband and she talked about that in an interview. I have never wanted to get married. I love having boyfriends. I love dating. I do not want a husband in my house,  she said.Rhimes is no stranger to popular television programs. She is the is the creator and currently executive producer and head writer of Grey s Anatomy and Rhimes created and produced the Grey s Anatomy spin-off series Private Practice Then, in 2011, ABC ordered Rhimes s pilot script Scandal to series. Unfortunately, it appears Rhimes is committed to pushing her pro-abortion agenda in them.In an interview with Time last year, Rhimes said that televisions shows should tackle abortion because it is a  polarizing issue:   Because it is such a hot button issue, because people are debating it, it should be discussed. And I m not sure why it s not being discussed. ACTION: Click here to tell ABC to stop promoting abortion.Thursday night s episode of Shonda Rhimes s ABC series Scandal was an hour-long advertisement for Planned Parenthood   so much so that the organization released a statement praising Rhimes and the episode immediately after it aired.In the fifth-season episode, titled  Baby, It s Cold Outside,  main character Olivia Pope (Kerry Washington), wife of the Republican U.S. President, undergoes an abortion while the Christmas hymn  Silent Night  plays in the background. Concurrently, Republican Senator Mellie Grant (Bellamy Young) successfully filibusters a bill that would defund Planned Parenthood, allowing it to keep its funding.https://youtu.be/vnd7OxpRxN8The episode was so overtly pro-Planned Parenthood that the organization issued a statement immediately after it aired to praise Rhimes and the show  for proving that when women are telling our stories, the world will pause and watch :Tonight, the millions of people who tune into Scandal every Thursday night learned that our rights to reproductive health care are under attack. Never one to shy away from critical issues, Shonda Rhimes used her platform to tell the world that if Planned Parenthood lost funding for contraception counseling, STI testing, cancer screenings, and safe, legal abortion   millions of people would suffer. And this episode wasn t the first time one of Rhimes  characters had an abortion, yet tonight we saw one of our favorite characters make the deeply personal decision that one in three women have made in their lifetime. We applaud Shonda Rhimes tonight   and every Thursday night   for proving that when women are telling our stories, the world will pause and watch. We just hope those in Congress   and throughout the nation   who are steadfast on rolling the clock back on reproductive health care access are taking note.After getting the abortion, Olivia returns to the White House, where she sips on some red wine while the classical piece  Ave Maria  plays in the background.In its own statement, Media Research Center blasted the episode:Hollywood s liberal values permeate movies and television. Last night s episode of ABC s Scandal was pretty much an hour-long advertisement for Planned Parenthood. In the most disturbing scene, the main character has an abortion to  Silent Night  (a hymn celebrating the birth of Jesus) playing in the background. This is Hollywood s moral depravity on full display.#IStandWithMellie #IStandWithPlannedParenthood  kerry washington (@kerrywashington) November 20, 2015Actress Kerry Washington tweeted her support of Planned Parenthood last night, using the hashtags #IStandWithPlannedParenthood and #IStandWithMellie, in reference to Bellamy Young s character who was filibustering in the Senate against defunding Planned Parenthood.Via: Breitbart News",0
21309,THE WORLD SHOULD BE OUTRAGED By Sweden’s Reward System For Returning Jihadists,"So Sweden basically wants to ensure Muslims returning from raping and beheading innocent people overseas, that the government will help them find a job and receive psychological counseling.  The trauma they must be experiencing after committing Jihad against so many innocent people must be overwhelming   You just can t make these things up The Swedish capital of Stockholm has released its new policy document for dealing with ISIS fighters returning to the city after having had their fill of rape and beheadings of civilians. At first blush it seems strange that such a document would be all of 9 pages.I mean,  Shoot!  should only take up one page, even with a large font.Oh well, let s see how Stockholm intends to handle terrorist-trained and combat-hardened fanatics. Here are a few translated highlights to capture the gist of things: Post-perspective: When a person wishes to leave a violent extremist grouping or coming home from combat overseas, it is crucial to provide customized inclusion efforts. Even then, it is important to have a local cooperation between various actors. Voluntary organizations can provide targeted support and advice. Even faith communities working with advice, but also psychosocial support.When it comes to people who participated in combat there is likely to be great need of health efforts. Therefore, it is important to establish cooperation between social services, social psychiatry and drug units, as well as health centers and psychiatric services (trauma, PTSD, etc.)When it comes to security, it is important that cooperation between social services, income support, employment and other efforts by the Labour Department, as well as assistance with job placement.Finally, the accommodation issue is a prerequisite that must work. Therefore, cooperative housing companies needs to be included in the post-perspective. To summarize: The city of Stockholm will make it a priority to provide the returning ISIS fighters with housing, free health care (physical and mental) and full financial support, until they have received earmarked jobs. All this of course fast-tracked past the line of law-abiding immigrants and indigenous Swedes.Since they now provide all the recruitment incentives for joining ISIS, the only thing missing is a city-run recruitment office. Oh, wait. That would the Employment Office, where it was recently revealed that tax-paid clerks were recruiting for ISIS. Sorry, my mistake!Then it s time to make proactive efforts to discourage radicalization. The solution, the city concludes, is to pour tax money into muslim organizations already in contact with the at-risk persons: Support to associations and other stakeholders locally There are examples of local actors which can contribute to efforts locally. For example, the Islamic Association and the mosque in Rinkeby-Kista has initiated education for interested parents and youths in the J rva area. It is very important to support such local initiatives. It is also important to involve local associations, some of which have contact with residents that the authorities do not come into contact with. As journalist and blogger Per Gudmundson points out, the Islamic Association of Sweden is a remarkably poor choice for  fighting Jihad  since it is the Swedish branch of the Muslim Brotherhood. Their official motto reads: Allah is our goal, the prophet is our leader, the quran is our law, Jihad is our way, and death for the honor of Allah is our greatest desire! Gudmundson notes that they are in active combat in Syria at the moment, in coalition with Jabhat al-Nusrah which is a branch of al-Qaida. Via: The Sweden Report",0
21310,BIG FAT LIE Being Told By Lefty Media About Trump Wanting To Register Muslims…He NEVER Said That!,"I just happened to be listening to Rush today and want to pass this on to everyone. Please share this and stop the false story being reported to try and bring down Trump. It s bad enough that the lefty media is trying to take down Trump with big lies, but now it s the establishment Republicans like Kasich who re doing the Trump Trashing. Shame on them!TRANSCRIPT OF RUSH LIMBAUGH EXPLAINING THE BIG LIE TOLD ABOUT TRUMP: RUSH: Now, I don t know if you have seen it yet today. There are stories all over the Drive-By Media   the Associated Press, Yahoo News, I mean, it s everywhere   that Donald Trump supposedly is calling for the registration of all Muslims in America. Trump is demanding that they all be registered and that a massive database be collected. CNN is all over reporting this. Even the Wall Street Journal has picked up on it. There s a problem, though: Trump didn t say it. I m gonna tell you what happened. At a recent public appearance Trump s coming off the stage after one of his usual one hour to 90-minute appearances.He s probably worn out and spent, and there s the usual crowd of autograph seekers and supporters and fans, and amongst them is a Drive-By Media reporter who says to Trump,  Should there be a database system that tracks the Muslims that are in this country?  Trump says,  There should be a lot of systems, beyond databases. We should have a lot of systems, and today you can do it. But right now we have to have a border. We have to have strength, we have to have a wall, and we cannot let what s happening to this country happen again.  Reporter:  Is that something your White House would like to implement? There s no specificity there. The question is just,  Is that something your White House would like to implement?  Trump has given a multifaceted answer. She says,  Is that something,  without specifying what she s asking about. Trump said,  Oh, I would certainly implement that, absolutely,  and that s how they report that Trump  demands a database and registration for all Muslims,  when he didn t say it! He never said it. It s a Journalism 101 trick. It s right out of the manual they teach you at the first year of journalism school in how to destroy political opponents or powerful people you don t like. It s that common a technique.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: Now, I m not sure, but I think that the reporter that asked Trump the question and has totally, totally twisted this purposefully to convey something that did not happen, I think the reporter works for Business Insider. I think the reporter is Hunter Walker. If that s who it is, you need to know that this guy is a major backer of Hillary Clinton, as most in the Drive-By Media are. He has written endless articles championing her, and now I think he writes for Yahoo News and is the Business Insider politics editor.So here is how this happened. This is in Newton, Iowa, yesterday after a campaign event. Trump s leaving the stage, and a reporter says,  Should there be a database system to track Muslims in this country?  Now, nobody has suggested that, keep in mind. Trump has not suggested it. So the reporter s not asking a question bouncing off anything Trump has said. It s just a question thrown at Trump, and it comes to him in the midst of autograph seekers and fans and supporters wanting to meet him after his performance is finished.TRUMP: There should be a lot of systems beyond database. We should have a lot of systems. And today you can do it. But right now we have to have a border. We have to have strength. We have to have a wall. And we cannot let what s happening to this country happen.REPORTER: But is it something your White House would like to implement?TRUMP: Oh, I would certainly implement that, absolutely.REPORTER: What do you think the effect of that would be? How would that work?TRUMP: It would stop people from coming in illegally. We have to stop people from coming into our country illegally.REPORTER: Muslims specifically, how do you actually get them registered into a database?TRUMP: It would be just good management. What you have to do is good management procedures. And we can do that.REPORTER: Would you go to mosques and sign these people up into the system?TRUMP: Different places. You sign  em up at different   but it s all about management. Our country has no management.RUSH: Okay. Now, two things about this. The first is, as I said, everybody in the Drive-By Media is running with this because they think they ve got Trump again. They re salivating out there, folks, they are hoping, they ve got their fingers crossed, they ve doubled down, they re putting this story everywhere: Trump sexist, Trump bigoted, Trump anti-Muslim, wants a database; wants to go to their mosques to sign  em up; wants to have them carry around symbols on their clothes to tell everybody who they are. And he never said it.This reporter, Hunter Walker, retweeted the headline from the AP. The AP headline:  Trump Says He Would Absolutely Implement Muslim Database.  This little know-nothing reporter is so proud of his work today. This, as I say, journalism 101. This is what they teach you when you want to take out a political opponent or a powerful person you don t like, this is how you do it, with innuendo.Again, here s what happened. Trump comes offstage,  Should there be a database system that tracks Muslims that are in this country?  It s a setup question from the get-go. Nobody has suggested it. Trump said there should be a lot of systems beyond databases. We should have a lot of systems. And today you can do it, but right now we have to have a border. We have to have strength. We have to have a wall, and we can t let what s happening to this country happen again.He has not confirmed a database. He has not confirmed registration of Muslims. He s changed the question to his favorite subject, the wall and the border and keeping illegal immigrants out. The reporter says,  Is that something your White House would like to implement?  Not specifying. If anything, the guy s talking about the border. The last thing Trump said in his answer was talking about the border, strength, a wall. The reporter says,  Is that something your White House would like to implement?  There is nothing specified. The use of the word  that,  the reporter then can say,  Well, I meant Muslim registration, look what Trump said, Trump knew what I was talking about. But Trump s answer was,  Oh, I would certainly implement that, absolutely. Reporter:  What do you think the effect of that would be? It would stop people from coming in illegally.  Trump s still talking about the border. He s still talking about the wall. He says,  We have to stop people from coming into this country illegally.  So how in the world can Trump be talking about the registration of Muslims or anybody when he s still talking about keeping people out of the country? Muslims are here. This is a good, old-fashioned hatchet job by this low-rent reporter named Hunter Walker who s got everybody in the media reporting it the way he wants because this is what they want people to believe about Trump. This is what they believe about all Republicans. We re bigots, we re racists, sexists and so forth, and Trump s just come along and confirmed it. And I guarantee you there s a contest inside the Drive-By Media to see who can be the one to take Trump out.Here is what they are forgetting. This isn t gonna hurt Trump. Even their journalistic malpractice is not gonna hurt Trump. They haven t figured that out. They keep applying standard, ordinary, everyday tactics on hit pieces to Donald Trump, and all that happens as a result is that Trump increases his support. Trump s support gets stronger. It gets deeper every time they try something like this because Trump is dead serious about protecting this country and its borders and keeping terrorists and so forth out of the country. He makes no bones about it. He s one of the only candidates that s unwavering on it. It s the number one issue.And you combine what s happening with ISIS in Paris and border security, national security, protecting and defending the country and the people who live here is far and away the number one most important issue because everything descends from it. The economy descends from it. Jobs descend from it. Everything that matters descends from this country remaining a country. It has to have a border. That border has to be enforced. Trump s the only guy talking about. They think they ve got him. They re gonna be crying in whatever it is they drink. This is not going to rip the bottom out of Trump s campaign. It s not gonna destroy Trump s campaign no matter how much they re lying, no matter how they try to distort this, because Trump did not say he s in favor of registration or a database of all Muslims in America.And once again, what s gonna happen here is an ever increasingly aware and sophisticated public is gonna just get angrier and angrier at the usual childish tactics of the very unrespected Drive-By Media. Once the public learns what s happened here, the anger is not gonna be at Trump. There wouldn t have been that much anger at Trump anyway among his supporters. That s what they don t understand. You people in the media have got to understand something. You re gonna have to go about this a different way. You didn t make Trump; you can t destroy him. There s nothing you can do. And look at the lengths they re now going to try. Exactly what they did to Romney, by the way. This is no different than Harry Reid saying,  Mitt Romney hasn t paid his taxes in ten years.   Hey, look at Mitt Romney putting the family dog on top of the station wagon.   Hey, Mitt Romney, one of his employees  wives died of cancer, Romney didn t care, went ahead and canceled the health care plan, didn t care. I don t think this guy s questions were even registering with Trump. I think Trump continued to talk with his own framework in mind, meaning his focus on the wall. Because if you continue on with the sound bite   keep in mind here that Trump s never talked about registering or having a database of Muslims. The reporter asks a fake question:  Is that something your White House would do, like to implement?  Trump answers,  Yeah.  He keeps talking about the wall. He keeps talking about the border.  Oh, I would certainly implement that, absolutely.  Trump s still talking about the border.The reporter says,  What do you think the effect of that would be? How would that work? Trump:  It would stop people from coming in illegally.  He s still talking about the border. He s still talking about his wall.  We have to stop people from coming in illegally. Reporter:  For Muslims specifically, how do you actually get them registered in your database?  Trump has never said that he wants to register them in his database. He s talking about the wall. He s talking about the border. This idiot, talentless reporter says,  Well, for Muslims specifically, how do you actually get them registered in your database?  Trump says,  It would be good management. What you have to do is good management procedures, and we can do that.  He s still talking about the wall. He s not even listening to this kid. He s walking out of there, he s answering the question, he s got it answered, he s on the wall, he s on the border, that s what he s talking about.When it s all over the reporter makes it up that Trump s talking about registration of Muslims and a database. Totally makes it up. Anyway, I gotta take a break here. I just wanted you to see this. I wanted you to hear it, the reporter s own words, Trump s own words because it s been picked up everywhere, and, mark my words, the next poll that comes out, Trump s just gonna jump even higher and they re not gonna know what to do with themselves in the Drive-Bys. But you people in the media are gonna have to learn something. When you don t make somebody, you can t destroy him. And you haven t made Trump. The media has nothing to do with why Trump s where he is, and therefore you can t take him out. You can try, you may think you can, but he s got a bond, a connection with his supporters and his audience that you people are not gonna be able to break no matter how hard you try.BREAK TRANSCRIPTRUSH: So you know how this works? I just got an e-mail from a friend of mine who plays around on Facebook, and he sent me a screenshot of his Facebook post that he sent out, and he wants me to know that he s on top things. He says,  Yeah, Trump wants to register all Muslims. The last guy that wanted to do that was Hitler with the Jews! Come on, folks! We re going backwards.  So I just had to write him back:  Hey, buddy, you ve got it 180 degrees wrong. Trump didn t say it!  This is a guy that reads the news all day. This is exactly how this happens. You ve got every Drive-By news source now reporting this.originalI m not sure who the reporter was that actually got this whole thing started, but there are the suspects who have taken what that kid did and expanded it are all over the place. You could mention any Drive-By name out there and you d be pretty close to being accurate about who did this. I m not exactly sure who the reporter was at the Trump event. I was told one thing and now I m told that that s not necessarily true. But the guy s name I gave you is still responsible for expanding, amplifying, and leading this. That Hunter Walker is who kicked it all off. Doesn t really matter.I mean, they re all the same stripe, and they ve all got the same objective here. And this e-mail I just got from a friend of mine   who s not an idiot, and you know, he s not a casual consumer of news. It s in the Wall Street Journal. This guy s a financial guy. He read it in the Wall Street Journal, and the Wall Street Journal to these guys is gospel. I have tried to tell every friend of mine, and it s probably gone for naught. I ve tried to tell them just based on the way I get covered, and they know me and they know what s written about me is all bogus. I said,  Could you not apply that to every story you hear, particularly about people you support? Could you just learn to not believe anything you read if it s defaming Republicans in the Drive-By Media? Could you just learn to be suspicious of it and try to confirm it on your own? (sigh) But it doesn t work that way. People believe it.  There it is! It s in print. It s right there,  or,  It s on my screen, Rush! I mean, they can t write stuff that isn t true!  I can t tell you how often I hear that. So Trump s gonna  I don t know how he s gonna deal with this. He will, but  (sigh) Let me  I m gonna go ahead and get in trouble myself here. Can I give you what I think might have happened with a lot of people when they first saw this BS story?What do you think? You re driving around or you re reading or whatever and you hear,  Trump wants to register all Muslims!  (interruption) Yeah. (chuckles) Get my drift? So I m just marveling here. I m thankful for the opportunity. I m thankful I haven t retired. I m thankful I ve still got this program and a chance to come here every day and illustrate the dishonest, the reprehensible, the just scummy way these people work. And each time I see something like this, I focus even more on,  They re not media!  This isn t media! This isn t the news. The media is the Democrat Party. The media is all part of the left-wing establishment that s trying to advance the Democrat Party agenda.Every time I see a story like,  Trump has to fight media here or overcome media,  I ask: Why would you have to overcome the media? The media s just a bunch of journalists telling people what happened who weren t there. (thumps table) Of course, this is the exact opposite. Everybody knows now, or many people. And even people who know what the media is, still get sucked in and believe this stuff. But when you read the transcript of what Trump said, when you actually read it or hear it and then compare it to the news being reported, you can t escape the fact that the media s making it up; that Trump never said it.Read more: Rush Limbaugh",0
21311,SAY WHAT? Obama Gives Go Ahead For New UN “Regional Hub” In Washington DC…What They Plan To Use Center For Is Disturbing,"If seven years ago, someone told Americans that the UN would be allowed to place a  Regional Hub  in our nations Capitol, they would have been dismissed as a  tin foil  conspiracy theorist. But then, who would ve imagined that it was possible we d have an anti-American community organizer as the President of our United States of America?EXCLUSIVE: The chief United Nations human rights agency, with the Obama administration s apparent blessing, is creating a new  regional hub  for itself in Washington, to use as a center for organizing against the death penalty, among other things, and for affecting the legal frameworks, policies, and strategies of American counterterrorism.In a management plan covering its activities through 2017, the agency, known as the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, or OHCHR, puts the U.S. in the same category for that counterterrorism  alignment  effort as countries like Iraq and Uganda.The fast-tracked human rights  hub  also has a number of more nebulous  thematic  objectives for the U.S., which include, according to an OHCHR information document,  the establishment of national participatory bodies for reporting and implementing recommendations of human rights mechanisms  and the aim of  widening the democratic space  with the aid of undefined  National Human Rights Institutions. It may also involve, as OHCHR notes in its management plan,  increasing advocacy for ratification of human rights treaties and withdrawal of treaty reservations    meaning exceptional carve-outs that nations   including those like the U.S., with a federal division of power   can make to limit their acceptance of international agreements.In the case of the death penalty, for example, U.S. refusal to join in a U.N- sponsored global moratorium is based on the fact that such criminal justice measures also are the responsibilities of individual states.Nonetheless, as OHCHR s management plan notes,  in addition to global efforts to abolish the death penalty by 2017, OHCHR expects to have contributed to a moratorium on the application of the death penalty or pending a moratorium, increased compliance with relevant international human rights obligations in countries such as Iraq, Kenya, Liberia, Libya, Palestine, Papua New Guinea, Somalia, South Sudan, the United States of America and other countries in Asia and the Americas. The OHCHR puts the U.S. in the same category for its counterterrorism  alignment  effort as countries like Iraq and Uganda.All of those themes, along with OHCHR s view of itself as  the principal advocate for human rights within the U.N. system,  seem likely to bring the U.S. into closer proximity to the U.N. s tangled, proliferating and often sweepingly contradictory notions of international human rights law   and also, perhaps, to the notoriously dictatorship-riddled, 47-member U.N. Human Rights Council.Among other things, the Council, which has been far more enthusiastic about condemning alleged human rights transgressions in Israel than in any other nation, creates mandates for OHCHR, which also serves as the Council s bureaucratic support.The Obama administration reversed the policies of George W. Bush to join the Council in 2009, and served consecutive three-year terms that ended last month, claiming victories during that time in focusing the Council on gay rights and criticism of human rights practices in North Korea and Iran.While no longer on the Council, the administration now seems comfortable with bringing the U.N. s human rights approach into closer contact with U.S. legislators, lobbyists, human rights activists and, perhaps most importantly, financial appropriators, before it leaves office at the end of next year.Indeed, the OHCHR  hub    which will cover not just the U.S. but  North America and the English-speaking Caribbean    already has a warm advance welcome from the administration that also seems aimed at letting the new U.N. outpost arrive smoothly under Washington s political radar.Last month U.S. Ambassador to the U.N. in Geneva, Pamela Hamamoto, wrote to tell the aggressively expanding human rights body that it didn t need any additional legal agreement to establish the Washington hub, complete with full legal privileges and immunities, since it already is covered by legal agreements for the U.N. headquarters in New York, where OHCHR maintains a strong presence.If OHCHR felt otherwise, Hamamoto said on behalf of the administration,  we would be happy to discuss alternative ways in which we might accommodate OHCHR s specific requests. On the surface, the hub is part of a sweeping  Change Initiative  being promoted by the U.N. High Commissioner, Zeid Ra ad Al Hussein, which aims at decentralizing the Geneva-based organization, extending its outreach and human rights monitoring capability, and ostensibly improving its efficiency through, among other things, concentration on eight global hubs as focuses of activity.As it happens, the initiative is not that much of a change: six of the hubs already exist, including one in Panama City for Latin America. The only new ones are intended for Washington and Istanbul.According to Zeid, the initiative would mostly involve the reshuffling of existing personnel   shipping them away from Geneva headquarters, where more than half of the agency s roughly 1,100 staff is located. Zeid says that exercise, including the establishment of the new Washington venue, would be  revenue neutral. That assumption, however, was received skeptically by the U.N. s chief financial oversight committee, which called the calculation  preliminary,  and recommended against approving the restructuring until Zeid came back with a  clear and detailed proposal  with a lot more detail.Recommendations of the committee are usually adopted uncritically by the U.N. General Assembly s Fifth Committee, which approves financial measures.But Zeid has been lobbying the Fifth Committee energetically to break that tradition in his case   in part because, as OHCHR s fact sheet observes, the 2016-2017 budget that the advisory committee was assessing  will cover the majority of the remainder of the High Commissioner s [four-year] term of appointment.  (Zeid was appointed in 2014.)The issue came up in so-called  informal    meaning closed   discussions of the Fifth Committee earlier this week. Questions from Fox News to Zeid s spokesman about the discussions went unanswered.Questions to the State Department from Fox News about the issue were referred to the U.S. Mission to the U.N., headed by Ambassador Samantha Power.Questions from Fox News to the Mission about the discussion, and the overall U.S. government view of the hub, were not answered.Beyond the fact that his career clock is ticking, another reason for Zeid s gung-ho approach to the hub could be the possibility that no future U.S. President will be as enthusiastically multilateral as Barack Obama, giving a now-or-never urgency to the chance to bring the U.S. further under the U.N. human rights umbrella.And yet another reason might be that the reorganization could coincidentally help to bring down the curtain on a sensitive political problem for Zeid.As part of the Change Initiative, he has announced that one of OHCHR s important units, the Field Operations and Technical Cooperation Division, which deals with human rights issues at the country level and also incorporates human rights observation of U.N. peacekeeping operations, will be disbanded in Geneva and pieced off to the hubs.That division is headed by Anders Kompass, the senior human rights officer who kicked up a firestorm when he passed on an unredacted human rights report about alleged sexual abuse of children by non-U.N. peacekeepers in the Central African Republic to French authorities.For entire story: FOX News",0
21312,Why Obama Calls Islamic Terror Group “ISIL” While Terror Experts Call Them “ISIS”,"Nothing about this man surprises most of us anymore .DECODING OBAMA S SPEECH REVEALS SOME STARTLING REVELATIONS And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed.  Genesis 12:3 (KJV)In one press conference after another, when referring to the Muslim terror super-group ISIS, United States President Barack Obama will use the term ISIL instead of their former name ISIS or current name Islamic State. Have you ever wondered about that? We have.ISIL stands for the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant. Now, to us Westerners we don t really make much of a distinction, do we? No, honestly from our perspective its all about the same. But how would a Muslim living in the Middle East view it? Just what is the Levant anyway? Let s take a look.The geographical term LEVANT refers to a multi-nation region in the Middle East. It s a land bridge between Turkey to the north and Egypt to the south. If you look on a map, however, in the near exact middle of the nations that comprise the Levant, guess what you see? Come on, guess!It s Israel.WHEN BARACK OBAMA REFERS OVER AND OVER TO THE ISLAMIC STATE AS ISIL, HE IS SENDING A MESSAGE TO MUSLIMS ALL OVER THE MIDDLE EAST THAT HE PERSONALLY DOES NOT RECOGNIZE ISRAEL AS A SOVEREIGN NATION, BUT AS TERRITORY BELONGING TO THE ISLAMIC STATE.Listen as Obama painstakingly spells out the letters I-S-I-L so there is no doubt in your mind:Now you know why Obama says that he has no plan, no goal, and no stated aim for dealing with ISIS. But he does have a plan, and it s a really nasty, diabolical one. Obama s plan is to drag his feet for as long as he can, doing only the bare minimum that Congress forces him to do. His  plan to buy ISIS as much time as possible to make as many gains as they can.And it s working.The Islamic State has garnered millions of dollars, a vast cache of weapons, and in their latest foray have captured Syrian fighter jets. With each passing day that Obama fulfills his stated aim of doing nothing, the Islamic State grows by leaps and bounds. The ultimate goal, of course, has not changed and will never change.THE ULTIMATE GOAL IS THE DESTRUCTION OF ISRAEL.Now you know a little bit more why Obama chooses his words so carefully, and what s really in a name. Shakespeare had it right.Terrorist experts refer to Islamic terror group as ISIS yesterday during this recent analysis of the strength of ISIS:Via: Nowtheendbegins",0
21313,DRUNK REFUGEES Spit On And Bite German Nurses: Force Hospital To Hire Security,"This isn t going to end well for Germany A hospital in Sigmaringen, Germany has been forced to hire security guards after numerous incidents in which migrants physically attacked nurses while they were receiving free healthcare.Schw bische.de reports that the SRH Hospital in Sigmaringen took the precaution after 40 attacks on nurses in September alone, with nursing manager Silvia St rk revealing that staff were  totally distressed  by the onslaught of verbal and physical abuse. St rk said that refugees were biting and spitting at nurses, with drunk migrants behaving particularly aggressively towards female nurses during night time hours. Whenever a nurse working in the emergency room alone, she is accompanied by a security guard,  according to the report, which states that nurses are accompanied by the guards between the hours of midnight and 6am from Sundays to Thursdays and from 10pm-6am on Fridays and Saturdays.According to manager Willi Rompp, despite the introduction of the security guards, attacks on the nurses have not decreased. The hospital is bearing the full brunt of the cost to hire the security guards.As the Gatestone Institute recently highlighted, attacks by migrants are not the only strain currently being put on the German healthcare system as a result of the refugee influx.  Hospitals, clinics and emergency rooms across Germany are being filled to capacity with migrants suffering maladies of all kinds, and medical personnel, including thousands of volunteers, are increasingly complaining of burnout,  according to the report. Diseases that have not been seen in Germany for decades are also being brought into the country by asylum seekers. Some of the ailments I have not seen for 20 or 25 years, and many of my younger colleagues have actually never seen them,  said Dr. Michael Melter, the chief physician at the University Hospital Regensburg.The cost of holding migrants in quarantine when they arrive with contagious diseases such as tuberculosis is also astronomical, with German taxpayers footing a  12,000 euro bill per migrant, per month. Via: InfoWars",0
21314,Hillary Scolds Major Contributors To Terrorist Groups…Doesn’t Mention They Gave Over $67 MILLION To Clinton Slush Fund,"Behold The Democrats best choice for President of The United States of America. Hillary should be on bloody knees every day thanking her lucky stars she s not a Republican .Hillary Clinton gave a speech Thursday at the Council on Foreign Relation, where she outlined her genius plan to defeat ISIS. (Step 1: Defeat ISIS.) She also offered a few more specific proposals [emphasis added]:When it comes to terrorist financing, we have to go after the nodes that facilitate illicit trade and transactions. The U.N. Security Council should update its terrorism sanctions. They have a resolution that does try to block terrorist financing and other enabling activities, but we have to place more obligations on countries to police their own banks, and the United States, which has quite a record of success in this area, can share more intelligence to help other countries. And once and for all, the Saudis, the Qataris and others need to stop their citizens from directly funding extremist organizations as well as the schools and mosques around the world that have set too many young people on a path to radicalization.Clinton is right about the fact that Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and the United Arab Emirates have for years funneled money to terrorist groups, essentially bribing them to ensure that they don t cause trouble in their incestual oligarchies. She is certainly right that these oil-rich countries have made a habit of giving away money to powerful interest groups in an effort to curry favor. Some of those groups happen to be comprised of terrorists, while others are charitable foundations founded by a former United States president whose wife is currently seeking the Democratic Party s nomination for the same position in 2016.Here s how much those three countries and their affiliated entities have donated to the Clinton Foundation:Qatar   Up to $5.8 million United Arab Emirates   Up to $11.5 million Saudi Arabia   Up to $50 millionThe gulf nations represent three of the largest donors to the foundation, but that is hardly the extent of their ties to the Clintons. Qatari, UAE, and Saudi firms paid Bill Clinton millions of dollars for speeches during the time Hillary served as secretary of state, when she also approved weapons deals with all three countries worth billions of dollars to U.S. defense firms, many of which are also Clinton Foundation donors.Bill Clinton has praised the Qataris as  intelligent, forward looking  investment partners for their collaboration on Clinton Foundation projects. One of Hillary s top advisers, Cheryl Mills, served on the board of the New York University campus in Abu Dhabi. Bill Clinton is the friend and former classmate of Saudi Prince Turki bin Faisal Al Saud, who recently attended a lavish Clinton Foundation conference in Marrakech, hosted by the King of Morocco. The Bill Clinton presidential library in Little Rock was funded in part by a $10 million from the Saudi Royal family.Hillary is right, the time has come for Qatar, the UAE, and Saudi Arabia to stop using their oil wealth to buy influence and protection from special interests. Via: WFB",0
21315,EYE-OPENING VIDEO: Rape Epidemic In Sweden…”The rape problem is primarily about Muslim men raping non-Muslim women”," In the capitol of Oslo, 100% Of assault rapes between strangers were committed by immigrant  Non-Western  males 9 of 10 victims are native Norwegian women The rape problem is primarily about Muslim men raping non-Muslim women. Any women who does not wear the hijab could be considered  fair game.' An 1,472% increase in rape cases have been reported in Sweden since the 1970 s.Some native Norwegians have reportedly begun dying their hair black and are traveling in groups.Norway s left-wing establishment has been blaming the victims.In an astounding number of cases, the Swedish courts have demonstrated sympathy for the rapists, and have acquitted suspects who have claimed that the girl wanted to have sex with six, seven or eight men.Watch eye-opening video here:A hospital in Stockholm is understood to be first in the world to set up an emergency department specifically for male rape victims. The clinic at S dersjukhuset opened on Thursday as part of a strategy to ensure  gender equal  patient care.",0
21316,"SWEDISH RESIDENT SPEAKS OUT ABOUT DECADES OF MUSLIM IMMIGRATION: “We all live in the same town, but not in the same world”"," The Swedish identity will be wiped out in 20-30 years. This is sadly, a look into the future for all of Europe As a current resident of Sweden, I sometimes find myself questioning my own sanity. All these problems I blog about are right there in the open for anyone to see and getting worse by the year, yet media and politicians act as if everything is hunky-dory. Most people on the street also appears to be completely oblivious to details like the enormous increase of burning cars in the ghettos, the 1472% increase in rapes and the ever bolder gangs choking their enclaves with drugs and violence.So I find myself wondering, am I missing something? Why aren t people reacting? Is it really reasonable that so many are in a state of denial? Or am I somehow misinterpreting all this?That s why it s oddly reassuring that the neighboring Nordic countries are in the same boat. Denmark has voiced concerns about the utterly weak background check of immigrants from the middle east, fearing radical Islamists entering Sweden as asylum seekers with the intent of building Scandinavian terror cells. My very first post on this blog was about a Danish politician openly pleading for Sweden to come to its senses.Norway isn t too pleased either, and they dare speak openly about the problems brewing in the cities of their neighbor.In a new report called  Oslo 2022,  the Norwegian police explicitly use Sweden in general and the town of S dert lje as a warning example. This prompted Aftonposten, one of the major Norwegian newspapers, to do two articles on Sweden s out-of-control immigration.In the first part, Norwegian reporters traveled to S dert lje outside Stockholm. Entitled  We all live in the same town, but not in the same world,  the article chronicles a town in complete segregation where the immigrants gain ground every year and everyone who can escapes. Violence, drugs, lawlessness and decay eats away at the town like a cancer. Why is this allowed to happen?  the reporter asks. Because the Swedes are weak,  says 36-year old Simon Melkemichel.  The Swedish identity will be wiped out in 20-30 years. The second part is called  Sweden has lost control over their immigration  and has representatives for the Norwegian government comment on the fact that, well, Sweden has lost control over their immigration. What makes it noteworthy is the difference in tone compared to the Swedish political debate.As in Denmark, the Norwegian leftist worker s party have a very different view on immigration than the Swedish sister party Socialdemokraterna (currently in power). In Norway and Denmark, they make a point of restricting the inflow and checking the backgrounds carefully.In Sweden, there are literally no limits, and any background check beyond scratching the surface is considered racist and shut down by management as has been repeatedly revealed by bloggers like Merit Wager.Not surprisingly, the police report and the articles have ruffled quite a few feathers in Sweden s political and medial elite. But equally predictably, the Swedish response is not to acknowledge the problems, but to whine about the mean Norwegian pseudo-fascists having the gall to criticize Sweden s enlightened stance.While it doesn t do squat to fix anything, it s at least reassuring that I m not the one losing my mind. Via: Sweden Report",0
21317,Why Do Hillary And Barack Choose Islam Over Christianity Every Time?,"The always brilliant Ben Shapiro answers that question in well, a brilliant way On Tuesday, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, the American woman most responsible for the current refugee crisis in the Middle East, blasted Republicans for not wanting to accept unvetted Syrian Muslim refugees in the aftermath of last week s Paris terror attacks.She tweeted:We've seen a lot of hateful rhetoric from the GOP. But the idea that we'd turn away refugees because of religion is a new low. -H  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) November 17, 2015 This, to be sure, is odd. Hillary decrying hateful rhetoric smacks of irony   she despises Republicans so much that she labeled them her enemies during the first Demoratic debate. Furthermore, Hillary is no fighter for religious freedom. In April, she told the Women in the World Summit that  deep-seated cultural codes, religious beliefs and structural biases have to be changed  to allow for abortion. And in the aftermath of the Supreme Court s egregious same-sex marriage decision in June, Hillary explicitly called for the government to force churches to sanction homosexuality, explaining,  Our work won t be finished until every American can not only marry, but live, work, pray, learn and raise a family free from discrimination and prejudice.  Pray   as in attend church  free from discrimination and prejudice. But she s sure hot and bothered about what she terms discrimination against Muslim refugees. This isn t particularly surprising   the entire left has a peculiar soft spot for Islam.That seems weird, given Islamic countries  fundamental rejection of leftist values ranging from same-sex marriage to abortion to women driving. But it isn t so weird when considered in the context of Marxist philosophy, which sees Islam not as a religious philosophy of its own, but as a sort of bizarre cultural outgrowth of poverty. Impoverished people believe weird things, say the Marxists; if we just gave ISIS jobs, they d stop all this nonsense and start behaving like members of the ACLU. Leftists see Islam not as an ideological force converting millions, but as a knee-jerk response to lack of basic living standards.In fact, leftists see all religion this way: as the refuge of the weakminded underclass. As Marx wrote,  Religion is the sigh of the oppressed creature, the heart of a heartless world, and the soul of soulless conditions. It is the opium of the people.  Barack Obama agrees: as he said back in 2008, poor people  get bitter, they cling to guns or religion or antipathy toward people who aren t like them. The view that all religious practice is essentially the domain of the exploited would cut in favor of seeing all religious practices as equally worthy of dismissal.But the left prefers Islam to Christianity. They ll fight against anyone drawing pictures of Mohammed, but they ll lose their minds if Christians complain about an  artist  soaking a statue of Jesus in urine.Why do leftists treat Christianity and Islam differently, if both are merely chimerical responses to the vicissitudes of life? Because leftists see Christianity as the creator of Islam s rise, and Christians as the victimizers of Muslims. The Obama State Department won t recognize Christians as victims of incipient Muslim genocide in the Middle East, but President Obama will equate ISIS violence in 2015 with the Crusades and the Spanish Inquisition. President Obama believes, like many on the left, that Western civilization was founded in racism, sexism, homophobia, and other bigotry   and that Christianity, as its wellspring, provided that impetus.Furthermore, Obama believes that Western civilization has exploited the rest of the world, and that it therefore bears culpability for the poverty that gave rise to the Islamic wave. Muslims are benighted victims of poverty; Christianity made them victims of poverty in the first place. Christianity thus bears blood guilt for the sins of Islam, but Islam bears none of its own. As Dinesh D Souza puts it, Obama is an anti-colonialist and believes  that the rich countries got rich by looting the poor countries, and that within the rich countries, plutocratic and corporate elites continue to exploit ordinary citizens.  Taken one step further, those rich countries   Christian countries   exploited non-Christian countries, impoverishing them and opening them to the opium of Islam.How else to explain the left s romance with Islam and simultaneous dismissal of Christianity? How else to explain the left s preoccupation with allowing Muslim refugees into the Christianity-founded West while demanding nothing of Islamic countries which are murdering Christians en masse?Hillary Clinton says it s hateful for Western countries to discriminate in choosing refugees based on religious philosophy. It s far more hateful to suggest that Christianity must bow and scrape before Islam, particularly when Islamic terrorists target non-Muslims the world over. Via: Breitbart News",0
21318,NOT KIDDING: PA College Cancels Play After Author Objects To Use Of White Actors,"Just suppose the play was cancelled because the school was using black actors. Would this be the only place you would see this story?A small, state college in northern Pennsylvania has canceled a musical about a week before it was scheduled to open after the playwright objected to the use of white actors for South Asian characters.Clarion University had spent much of the year preparing to stage the punk rock version of  Jesus in India,  by dramatist Lloyd Suh, which ran off-Broadway in 2013 and received favorable reviews.Suh, who owns the rights to the musical, sent an e-mail on Monday to the school s play director Marilouise Michel ordering her to either replace the non-Asian actors with  ethnically appropriate actors  or cancel the production, which was due to open Nov. 18. I have severe objections to your use of Caucasian actors in roles clearly written for South Asian actors, and consider this an absolutely unacceptable distortion of the play,  Suh wrote in the e-mail provided to Reuters by Michel.Michel told Reuters on Thursday that one of the Indian roles was to be played by a biracial girl, and the rest by whites. They were not doing the roles in  brownface  or using dialects, she said, but Suh rejected any solution other than removing them.Suh, who has another play,  Exotic Oriental Murder Mystery,  running off-Broadway this month, did not respond to requests for comment, nor did his agent, Beth Blickers.Michel said Clarion University, with about 4,900 students, has a student body that is 0.6 percent Asian and that no Asians auditioned for the play.She tried several times to reach Suh by phone to discuss aspects of his play, but he did not take her calls before it was canceled on Tuesday, she said.When he saw the cast photos earlier this month, he demanded through Blickers to know the ethnicity of the actors, she said. I couldn t stop myself from crying when I saw the photos and realized what was happening,  Suh wrote in his e-mail.On Tuesday, the day after Suh s e-mail, the New York Times published an opinion piece by Indian-American comedian Aziz Ansari decrying the treatment of Asian, particularly Indian actors, in the media but also noted that such actors were harder to find.VIA: Reuters",0
21319,WHITEWASHED: Insane Reason HOLLYWOOD Magazine Apologized For This Cover,"Hint: It s not because of Jane Fonda (although that would make more sense than the actual reason for their apology).If the people who re up for an award happen to be  white  then why is that such a huge deal? Well, it s a huge deal in Hollywood and demands a  mea culpa Is Hollywood going to now be forced to give a lead role NOT to the best person for the role but the most racially diverse actress? Someone needs to slap some sense into Hollywood!On Wednesday, The Hollywood Reporter published a group discussion with a panel of potential female award contenders as part of its annual Actress Roundtable cover story. An hour later, the publication issued a preemptive  mea culpa  for the fact that all the actresses on their panel happened to be white.THR executive editor Stephen Galloway sat down with actresses Carey Mulligan, Jennifer Lawrence, Cate Blanchett, Jane Fonda, Brie Larson, Helen Mirren, Charlotte Rampling, and Kate Winslet   all of whom have projects contending for an Academy Award or an Emmy in the coming year.The interview was everything you would expect from a group of actresses speaking off the cuff to a publication that s been covering the entertainment industry since the 1930s.However, due to the current politically correct climate in Hollywood and the country at large, Galloway felt the need to immediately clarify why there were no minority women in a roundtable discussion with award contenders   a pool which includes few minorities in 2016.Read more: Breitbart Hollywood",0
21320,HILLARY LIES: Remember When Hillary Disclosed She Was Named After A Famous Person?,"This story is from 2006 and is the first in a long series of Hillary s lies that we ll be exposing over the next couple of months For more than a decade, one piece of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton s informal biography has been that she was named for Sir Edmund Hillary, the conqueror of Mount Everest. The story was even recounted in Bill Clinton s autobiography.But yesterday, Mrs. Clinton s campaign said she was not named for Sir Edmund after all. It was a sweet family story her mother shared to inspire greatness in her daughter, to great results I might add,  said Jennifer Hanley, a spokeswoman for the campaign.In May 1953, Sir Edmund and his Sherpa guide, Tenzing Norgay, became the first men to reach the summit of Mount Everest. In 1995, shortly after meeting Sir Edmund, Mrs. Clinton said that her mother, Dorothy Rodham, had long told her she was named for the famous mountaineer.  It had two l s, which is how she thought she was supposed to spell Hillary,  Mrs. Clinton said at the time, after meeting Sir Edmund.  So when I was born, she called me Hillary, and she always told me it s because of Sir Edmund Hillary. Even though Bill Clinton repeated the story in his 2004 autobiography,  My Life,  Hillary Clinton did not mention it in her own autobiography,  Living History,  which was published in 2003.But one big hole has been poked in the story over the years, both in cyberspace and elsewhere: Sir Edmund became famous only after climbing Everest in 1953. Mrs. Clinton, as it happens, was born in 1947. Via: NYT",0
21321,OBAMA USES SPEECH ON FOREIGN SOIL To Disparage Half Of America: Ted Cruz Eviscerates JV President With This Brutal Response [Video],"Obama has a knack for going overseas and disparaging the citizens of the United States. The hate America mantra. It s what he knows. It s how he s wired. But this time, a real American who genuinely loves his country is fighting back and you re gonna love how he responds to our petulant anti-American President MANILA, Philippines   President Barack Obama lashed out Wednesday at Republicans who insist on barring Syrian refugees from entering the US, deeming their words offensive and insisting  it needs to stop. Apparently they re scared of widows and orphans coming into the United States of America,  Obama said.Mocking GOP leaders for thinking they re tough, Obama said overblown rhetoric from Republicans could be a potent recruitment tool for the Islamic State group.He insisted that the US process for screening refugees for possible entry into the US was rigorous and said the US didn t make good decisions  based on hysteria  or exaggerated risk. We are not well served when in response to a terrorist attack we descend into fear and panic,  the president said.Obama s comments during a meeting with Filipino President Benigno Aquino marked his harshest condemnation yet of Republicans  response to the Paris attacks blamed on ISIS that killed 129 people last week.Republicans in Congress and on the 2016 presidential trail have urged an immediate closing of America s borders to Syrian refugees, but the Obama administration has shown no sign of backing off its plans to bring an additional 10,000 Syrians fleeing civil war into the US.Sen. Ted Cruz had sharp words for President Barack Obama over his comments regarding Republican rhetoric on Syrian refugees, saying his statement  is utterly unbefitting of a president. If you want to insult me, you can do it overseas, you can do it in Turkey, you can do it in foreign countries, but I would encourage you, mister president, come back and insult me to my face,  the Texas senator and Republican presidential candidate said this on Capitol Hill Wednesday. It is utterly unbefitting of the president to be engaging in those kind of personal insults and attacks,  Cruz said in Washington, D.C., in video captured by NBC News.  He talked about how he was belittling the Republican field as scared. Well let me suggest something: Mr. President, if you want to insult me, you can do it overseas, you can do it in Turkey, you can do it in foreign countries. But I would encourage you Mr. President, come back and insult me to my face,  Cruz said. President Obama had harsh words for Republicans calling for a stop of Syrian refugees to the United States, saying such calls are just  political posturing. When individuals say that we should have a religious test and that only Christians   proven Christians   should be admitted   that s offensive and contrary to American values,  President Obama said in Manila yesterday.  I cannot think of a more potent recruitment tool for ISIL than some of the rhetoric that s been coming out of here during the course of this debate. Another Republican presidential candidate, Mike Huckabee, also had tough words for Obama, calling him  delusional. If the President honestly believes that ISIS is concerned about what we think about them and that they are driven by that than the president is more delusional than I ever imagined when it comes to dealing with this crisis,  Huckabee said on MSNBC Wednesday.  It s just astonishing the president would make this all about himself not about the safety and security of the American people. Via: NBC News",0
21322,Disturbing Uncovered Emails From Huma Abedin Bring Hillary’s Mental Health Into Question: “Often confused”,"How quickly the Democrats have forgotten about that little  incident  that landed Hillary in the hospital, following the death of the 4 Americans that she likely caused in Benghazi After reviewing more than 35 pages of email from top Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin, Judicial Watch observes that Abedin advised a State Department staffer that it was  very important  to review phone calls with Clinton because she was  often confused. Judicial Watch notes that Abedin emailed State Department Clinton aide and companion Monica Hanley from her  Huma@clintonemail.com  to alert her about the need to go over phone calls with Clinton.Additionally, Abedin s emails reveal  repeated security breaches, with the Secretary s schedule and movements being sent and received through Abedin s non-governmental and unsecured Clinton server account,  states Judicial Watch.On January 26, 2013, Abedin had the following email exchange with Hanley:Abedin: Have you been going over her calls with her? So she knows singh is at 8? [India Prime Minister Manmohan Singh] Hanley: She was in bed for a nap by the time I heard that she had an 8am call. Will go over with her Abedin: Very imp to do that. She s often confused. The emails also provide specific details of Clinton s last day in office on January 31, 2013. Exact times and locations of all her appointments during the day are given. Huma Abedin s description of Hillary Clinton as  easily confused  tells you all you need to know why it took a federal lawsuit to get these government emails from Clinton s illegal email server,  said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton.  These emails also show that Hillary Clinton s and Huma Abedin s decision to use the Clinton email server to conduct government business was dangerous and risky.  Via: Breitbart NewsHere is Bill Clinton attempting to convince the interviewer that  Hillary works out every week (not every day) and that she is the picture of health:From Edward Klein s book  Unlikeable :Ed Klein, whose book  Unlikeable  hits shelves on Sept. 28, told the National Enquirer that the former secretary of state is battling a host of  mounting health issues  including  blinding headaches  that have  frequently plagued her. Bachmann, a former Minnesota Republican congresswoman, bowed out of the 2012 GOP primary race after reports surfaced that she was wrestling with debilitating migraine headaches   including one that kept her offstage during part of a televised debate. A Clinton friend told Klein that the Democrats  current leading light might even be suffering from multiple sclerosis.Clinton herself released a letter on July 28 from a doctor who gave her a clean bill of health.Dr. Lisa Bardack of Mount Kisco, N.Y. wrote that Clinton, 67, has completely recovered from a December 2012 concussion that left her seeing double for two months.While treating that condition, doctors diagnosed a blood clot in her sinuses, requiring long-term daily doses of the blood-thinning medication Coumadin.Bardack added that Clinton had been diagnosed with blood clots previously, in both 1998 and 2009. But Klein s book goes far beyond talk of ordinary medical conditions. For the first time I ve known her, she s showing self-doubt about her strength and vitality,  a friend of Hillary told him, according to Radar Online.She also reportedly suffers from severe insomnia, which has  sapped her energy just when she needed it most for the campaign. She is exhausted and depressed a lot of the time,  the friend said, and has turned to sleeping pills in order to rest at night. ",0
21323,HERE’S THE LIST Of 25 Governors Who Have Told Obama Muslim Refugees From Syria Are NOT Welcome In Their States,"There is a also a map (below) showing which states will and won t accept refugees from Syria and those who haven t made up their minds yet Leave it to Obama to call anyone who questions the sanity of bringing hundreds of thousands of unchecked Muslims over to a country they ve been taught to hate since birth  anti-Americans! President Obama said the United States needed to  step up and do its part  admitting refugees from SyriaHe said that the issue of refugees and terrorism should not be equated in the aftermath of the Paris attacksA handful of Republican governors have publicly pronounced that their states would not accept SyriansObama made a swipe at those GOP leaders   asking them to be more like President George W. Bush in the aftermath of 9/11Now, 25 Republican governors   and one Democrat too   have said they don t want Syrian refugees in their states, as President Obama recommitted the U.S. to take a portion of this population fleeing from ISIS.In a press conference this morning in Turkey, Obama said that  the United States has to step up and do its part,  while chiding those in the opposition party for suggesting there be a  religious test  for entry into the United States.There s concern, after Friday s brutal attack in Paris, that ISIS fighters are infiltrating those fleeing Syria and will carry out future violence against the West. It is very important,  Obama said.  That we do not close our hearts to these victims of such violence and somehow start equating the issue of refugees with the issue of terrorism. However, Republican governors from Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Illinois, Indiana, Louisiana, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, Mississippi, Texas and Wisconsin said they would postpone programs to bring in Syrian refugees, or they re against the idea entirely, according to the Associated Press.Governors of these states have said no to Syrian refugees: Alabama Arizona Arkansas Georgia Florida Idaho Indiana Illinois Iowa Kansas Louisiana Maine Massachusetts Michigan Mississippi Nebraska New Hampshire New Jersey North Carolina Ohio Oklahoma South Carolina Tennessee Texas Wisconsin",0
21324,MOTHER OF TERRORIST WEARING SUICIDE VEST: “did not mean to kill anyone” He Was “Stressed”,"American translation:  My baby didn t do nothin  wrong. He was a good boy and loved everyone.  Never mind that his brother is the MOST WANTED MAN IN THE WORLD!  Pretty much everyone has strapped on a suicide vest at least once after a stressful day right? They seem like such a nice family Ibrahim Abdeslam, 31, detonated his suicide vest outside the cafe Comptoir Voltaire, close to the scenes of the deadly Bataclan concert theatre hall atrocities, on Friday night.He did not kill anyone other than himself.His brother Mohamed, a council worker, was arrested in Brussels on Saturday and a third sibling, Salah, is now one of the world s most wanted men after becoming the subject of an international man hunt.Abdeslam Salah is currently the most wanted man in the worldBut today the Abdeslam family defended his sick actions and said they were  surprised  he blew himself up, even though he had spent time in war-torn Syria.His mother suggested the suicide jacket may have gone of by accident and said he could have carried out the attack because he was  stressed .Speaking outside their family home in Molenebeek, she told reporters they were sure he had not planned to kill anyone.She said:  This was not his plan, that s for sure. The fact that his suicide belt exploded without killing anyone says a lot. We even saw him two days before the attacks. There were no signs that they had plans to do anything violent.But the family did admit Ibrahim spent  a long time  in Syria.They added:  We were really surprised that Salah was involved. Ibrahim was different. We did see that he had been radicalised, at least in part. But not so much that we ever thought he would commit an atrocity like this. Another family member said he would not have wanted to become a suicide bomber. May the explosives went off prematurely by accident. May it was stress,  they added.Ibrahim, who seriously injured an innocent bystander when he blew himself up, rented a Seat Leon used in the attacks.The car was used by the terrorists who murdered diners outside the Casa Nostra pizza restaurant and the La Belle Equipe cafe.It was later found abandoned 20 minutes away in Montreal with a cache of weapons inside.",0
21325,Why French Legal System Turned Down Village’s Request For “Christian Only” Refugees Day Before Attack," Christians don t decapitate their bosses Well, you can t argue with that logic Maybe they ll re-think their  open-minded  decision post-radical Islam massacre On Thursday the administrative tribunal of Grenoble suspended a judgement of the municipality of Charvieu-Chavagneux, in Is re, which said it only wanted to accept Christian refugees because they  don t decapitate their bosses . The judgement was pronounced after a request for summary suspension filed by the prefecture of Is re, the latter declared in a statement.The prefect initially asked the mayor to withdraw his judgement then initiated legal action when he refused to comply with his request.  The Charvieu-Chavagneux judgement seems to me to be liable to a double criticism on the basis of discrimination and the infringement of equality. In this judgement approved unanimously by the municipal council on 8 September, Charvieu-Chavagneux town council said it wanted to  mitigate the irresponsible foreign policy of the state by welcoming a family of refugees, on the express condition that it is a Christian family.  The municpality explained its choice by declaring  that Christians don t jeopardise the security of anyone else, they don t attack trains armed with Kalashnikovs, they don t shoot journalists in editorial meetings and they don t decapitate their bosses as we saw happen only a few kilometres away from our town. Via: Diversitymachtfreiblog",0
21326,"[VIDEO] #BlackLivesMatter Terrorists Storm Dartmouth Library, Threaten Students: ‘F*ck You, You Filthy White F*cks!’","They were probably just looking for a  safe space  to study Protesters at Dartmouth University disrupted students studying in the library, reportedly directing profanity towards white students and physically pushing others.In a critical editorial, the conservative Dartmouth Review listed some of the epithets hurled by the protesters:  Fuck you, you filthy white fucks!   F*ck you and your comfort!   F*ck you, you racist shits! In addition, the Review reports that some of protesters became physically violent:  Men and women alike were pushed and shoved by the group.  If we can t have it, shut it down!  they cried. Another woman was pinned to a wall by protesters who unleashed their insults, shouting  filthy white bitch!  in her face. Campus Reform managed to obtain video showing the protesters walking through the library shouting as others try to study. One of the protesters can be seen flipping off the cameraman. Another gets in the face of those who are studying demanding they say that black lives matter.One of the protesters posted online, saying they were ashamed of what the protest turned into.  After making a girl cry, a protester screamed  Fuck your white tears,  he reports.  I was startled by the aggression from a small minority of students towards students in the library, many of whom were supporters of the movement. Watch above, via Campus Reform. Via: Mediaite ",0
21327,AMERICA IS CLOSER TO BECOMING SWEDEN Than You Think…Don’t Believe Us? Watch This…,"These videos will shock you. When you think of Sweden, do you think of Muslim gangs roving the streets in  no-go zones  lobbing hand grenades at warring migrant tribes? Do you think of Muslim men raping so many Swedish women, girls, men and boys, that it has now earned the designation as the  rape capitol of the world? Do you think of children being taken from their homes for the crime of being homeschooled by their parents? Do you think of a nation of spoiled  everyone gets a trophy  children? Do you envision a nation where parenting your children is now considered  taboo? Sweden can be proud today to have shed its long standing reputation as  the most boring country in the world . The Nordic state finds itself in the grip of a terrifying crime wave instead, which even  new Swedes  describe as like  being back in Syria .Grenade attacks in multicultural paradise Malm  are now so commonplace the English-speaking media has all but stopped bothering to report them. Compounding the apparent disinterest in the descent of beautiful, historic Malm  into a third-world ghetto where native Swedes are very nearly in the minority, is a striking dearth of facts about what is actually going on there.Did you know that it s ILLEGAL to home school your child in Sweden? So much for tolerance. You must learn what the state teaches you or you will be severely punished.It s been called one of the worst cases of government abuse ever committed against a home schooling family: the abduction by Swedish authorities of Domenic Johansson, a happy, healthy, 7-year-old boy taken from his parents Christer and Annie Johansson in 2009 as they waited to leave Sweden on a flight to India.After the abduction, the Johanssons  story spread quickly on the Internet.But three years later, Domenic is still being kept from his parents, and Swedish authorities keep finding new reasons for why the child can t go home. This is about the most fundamental right you have. You have the right to your own children, or you should have,  Christer told CBN News during the first television interview he and his wife have given since their only child s abduction.In 2008, Christer and Annie were making plans to leave Sweden for humanitarian work in Annie s native India.They decided it would be best for Domenic to be home-schooled during the final months before their departure, rather than enroll him in public school.Christer says Sweden s Ministry of Education told him they could home-school, but local officials levied steep fines and threatened the couple to discourage them from doing so.Then, as the parents sat on a plane at Stockholm airport for their scheduled trip to India, police came aboard and took Domenic away. They took Domenic from the plane,  Christer recalled.  Then he threw up until they took him to ER. That s how severe the trauma is. If someone throws up so you have to take him to the hospital, that s severe. I have no clue what went on,  Annie added.  There was just a stampede. My child had no clue, and I have no clue still what s going on. I can just hear the screams of my child all the time. Sweden s liberal approach to parenting has bred a nation of ill-mannered brats, a leading expert has warned in a new book which calls on parents to seize back control of their families. David Eberhard, who was a prominent psychiatrist before becoming a writer, warns in his new book, How Children Took Power, that Swedish parents are now unwilling to discipline their children in any way. Swedes in 1979 became the first to adopt a total smacking ban. We live in a culture where so-called experts say that children are  competent  and the conclusion is that children should decide what to eat, what to wear, and when to go to bed,  he said.  If you have a dinner party, they never sit quietly. They interrupt. They re always in the centre, and the problem is that when they become young adults, they take with them the expectation that everything is centred around them, which makes them very disappointed. He points to Sweden s growing truancy rates, a rise in anxiety disorders, and the country s declining performance in international educational league tables, as the tangible results of its liberal parenting approach. They don t say thank you. They don t open doors. If you see them on the subway, they don t stand up for elderly people or pregnant women. Stricter parenting is a taboo in Sweden, let alone advocating a return to smacking, a ban on which he believes has  more to do with ideology than scientific evidence. It s very difficult to contradict. If you say I m putting forward a stricter way, then people think you re an idiot. Can you say #BlackLivesMatter movement?",0
21328,WATCH #BlackLivesMatter Students Panic When Asian Student Turns Tables On Them…Talks About Racial Harassment By Blacks,"After watching this video, it becomes very clear that these students want nothing to do with racial harmony. This movement is about black power. It s about treating people a certain way based solely on the color of their skin. There is nothing about this movement that attempts to bring people together. The black students have taken over the movement and kicked the Asian, White and Hispanic students who are supporting them to the curb. This divisive #BlackLivesMatter movement will go down as one of the most deceitful movements in our nations history Students at Claremont McKenna College in California who are demanding a racially segregated  safe space  for  marginalized identities,  silenced and embarrassed an Asian woman when she described how she had been racially harassed by an African-American man.The exchange is damning because it illustrates how the  safe space  students don t really care about racism, they only care about race baiting and exploiting identity politics in order to obtain power.",0
21329,WATCH: “We’re getting a glimpse of a world without America…and it’s scary as hell”,"The Intellectual Froglegs videos by Joe Dan Gorman are truly a gift to conservatives in America. Joe Dan uses hard-hitting, brutally honest and absolutely hysterical commentary to deliver an important, eye-opening message to the masses. He has the ability to expose the Left and the idiocy of those who support their policies like no other.His videos are usually 15 minutes or longer, but the two most common remarks we receive from viewers who have watched his videos on our 100 Percent FED UP Facebook page are:  Every American needs to see this video  and  It was worth watching every minute of this video. The lines have been drawn  there is a segment of society that no matter what  they hate Donald Trump, and the notion of him becoming president make them ill.. To them I dedicate this video. Heh, heh, heh.The number one, two and three issues are the border, the economy and immigration . all three inextricably connected. And America wants the damn wall that we ve been promised for 40 years. Trump will deliver.The haters continue to claim Trump is no conservative  but his policies are conservative as hell which leads me to the following conclusion. Considering Trump s undeniably conservative policies  in conjunction with his unparalleled business successes  and add the fact that he has lived his life in a WILDLY liberal Manhattan, I conclude that Trump has always been a closet conservative.A businessman has to make friends to succeed.We d like to thank Intellectual Froglegs for the awesome mention in his latest video. We are honored to be associated with this hard working, smart and conservative voice for conservatives across America.Please go to the Intellectual Froglegs website to view more of Joe Dan s quality videos.Joe Dan Gorman is the creator and producer of Intellectual Frog Legs. When he is not creating and producing stuff, he is busy eating meat, playing guitar and defending the Constitution from liberal zombies. Joe Dan is only able to continue doing what he does when you share his videos. PLEASE HELP Joe Dan in his attempt to cure liberalism by donating to his production costs by clicking HERE.",0
21330,Angry Black Activists Start Vile Social Media Campaign Over Public Sympathy For Paris Terror Victims,"Barack Obama has somehow managed to inspire the worst kind of hate in these petulant college students. This latest hashtag campaign against a country in mourning is really incomprehensible. These spoiled young adults have no concept of how blessed they are to be living in the most amazing country in the world. They are truly  an embarrassment to our great nation.Resentful black activists and their comrades started a backlash against the huge public sympathy for the Parisian victims of the Islamist terror war. On Sunday, they used Twitter s hashtag #FuckParis to reveal their emotional reaction to their loss of attention.Breitbart News  Milo Yiannopoulos reported, the social media backlash began almost immediately by Black Lives Matters activists upset about how the historic terror attack by ISIS that left over 120 dead had stolen the media spotlight overnight on Friday.A small sampling of the tweets show no sympathy towards the killed and wounded in Paris. Instead, the left-wing activists described the slaughter in France as retribution for the Western colionialist, imperialist, racist, and white culture. The tweets cited included France s long history with Haiti and Africa, as well as France s popular ban on Muslim s Afghan-style face-covering  niqab  cloaks.If only white lives mattered to white people smh #ParisAttacks #ParisShooting #paris #FUCKPARIS #FUCKFRANCE pic.twitter.com/muss901RA4  Feminist Witch (@LOLatWhiteFear) November 15, 2015The #FuckParis hashtag also was retweeted by radicals in both America and Europe who supported the Islamist attack and open borders for refugees.https://twitter.com/JohnnyACE562/status/665723350698713088https://twitter.com/JohnnyACE562/status/665723459465379840You really expect us to support a Country that still taxes Afrika for Colonial expansionism? Yeah, #FuckParis pic.twitter.com/MaJF4nDEDP  Neo Fawkes   III   (@iiiogical420) November 15, 2015Some activists realized their posts are counterproductive, and hid them from outsiders. Most others, however, let their emotions fly.Via: Breitbart News ",0
21331,New Orleans “Club” Advertises “Meet And Greet” For Dem Gov Candidate: FREE Drinks And “Performers” And Party Bus To Polls For “Early Voters” [VIDEOS],"Wow it looks like Dem candidate for governor, John Bel Edwards has some friends who really know how to throw a party for  early voters.  The stripper poles on the purple party bus are a special feature that goodness knows, every early voter requires Yesterday, the Hayride exclusively reported on gubernatorial candidate John Bel Edwards  campaign rally at the New Orleans night club known as Lyve New Orleans.Lyve New Orleans is a night club on Tulane Ave. and yesterday, the night club posted a couple of photos of their John Bel Edwards event, in which they promised a  Meet and Greet  with Edwards and a  party bus  that would take voters to go early vote.Today, the Hayride has obtained all of the videos from the night club campaign rally for Edwards, in which a party bus is seen covered in Edwards campaign signs, blaring Missy Elliot beats accompanied by strobe lights.The Edwards campaign was invited to a Family Forum yesterday to discuss social issues with his opponent Sen. David Vitter (R-LA), but skipped out on the event. Vitter, however, did attend.The videos below (caught by America Rising) show Edwards and his wife Donna Edwards meeting with voters before entering the club. Following the  meet and greet  event some of the attendees hopped on the party bus to City Hall for early voting, and the bus illegally parked in front of City Hall and had to be moved.Here s a copy of the invitation to the  rally  for John Bel Edwards for Governor of LA: Take a look at all of the footage from Edwards  campaign rally below:Here is John Bel Edwards arriving at Lyve Nite Club:Here s an inside look at the John Bel Edwards purple party bus that was apparently to be used for transporting voters to the  early voting  polls. The bus is complete with stripper poles, a wall of speakers and strobe lights:After parking illegally, the John Bel Edwards Party/ride to early voting precincts bus was made to move:The photos obtained by the Hayride yesterday via Lyve New Orleans  Facebook and Instagram account can be seen below, depicting Edwards  invite (bottom left) among the rest of the night club s featured performers and rappers:After the Hayride posted the exclusive story, multiple Facebook users and Twitter users quickly attempted to shoot down the story, claiming the story was  intellectually dishonest  and that Edwards was not associated with the night club event.Via: The Hayride",0
21332,ADMINISTRATORS FACE BACKLASH After Florida Middle School Organizes Segregated Field Trip For Blacks Only," We didn t mean to send a negative message. We wanted to be positive.  Yeah because telling Asians, Whites and Hispanics to stay back and do school work while their black friends go on a field trip is a pretty positive experience for everyone Administrators at a Florida middle school faced a severe backlash from parents and students after they organized a field trip only for black students.Heron Creek Middle School scheduled a trip to Black Violin, a  performance by black musicians,  WSTP reports. I think it should be the whole school not just blacks,  says black seventh-grader Richard Service.Instead, administrators were caught segregating students based on race.The school received 50 tickets and decided to give them only to black students.  They said it was for blacks to be motivated to improve their grades,  according to Service. I did think it was kind of racist that Latinos, Chinese couldn t go,  says Jennifer Bender, another student at the school. No matter what race it s wrong all the way around,  according to parent Steve Moreno.Other parents were harshly critical of the move on a community Facebook page. Linda Prince wrote:Just wanted to let the community be aware of what is happening at Heron Creek Middle School. Yesterday they called an assemble for ONLY African American students. The assembly was to tell them that they could earn a field trip for good behavior. After writing a email to the school board last night letting them know I was upset, I received a call from the vice principle this afternoon. He told me it was because there was an upcoming performance from a group called Two Black Musicians and they thought it would be a good motivational tool for their African American students. I thought segregation ended a long time ago. I completely do not agree with this. Basically I was told we just have to agree to disagree.After the backlash, administrators decided to allow all students to attend. We care about every child on this campus. We celebrate diversity all the time,  Principal Matthew Gruhl says. We didn t mean to send a negative message. We wanted to be positive,  according to Gruhl.  We learned from this,  he says, adding a bit sarcastically,  We are sorry if we hurt people s feelings. Gruhl had told students they were changing the rules not because they were caught segregating students based on race, but because,  We learned there s a demand for all our students to have an opportunity to see this great performance. They re now trying to raise $3,500 to purchase 500 tickets so more students can go, based on grades and behavior and not race. There s no word on who will go if they don t raise that amount of money. They had some parents upset this opportunity was not extended to more students,  Sarasota County schools spokesman Scott Ferguson tells the Herald-Tribune.  They decided today to open it up to all students who met the same criteria. That involves grades and behavior and other criteria. That s how should have been in the beginning,  parent Steve Moreno tells the news station. Via: EAG News",0
21333,"STUDENTS THREATEN YALE PRESIDENT: Give Us $8 Million In Demands To “reduce the intolerable racism,” Or Else","Isn t there a legal term for those kinds of threats? Oh yeah it called Extortion:ex tor tion ik st rSH( )n/ noun the practice of obtaining something, especially money, through force or threats. synonyms: blackmail, shakedown; formalexaction  arrested on a charge of extortion  Unhappy with a series of small concessions from the administration, protesters at Yale University have released a new list of demands that include firing people they don t like and giving their favored programs a budget increase of at least $8 million a year.The new demands, released by a group calling itself Next Yale, were read aloud to Yale president Peter Salovey Thursday night by protesters who marched to his front door at midnight. The group says the demands are necessary to  reduce the intolerable racism that students of color experience on campus every day.  Salovey is given until Nov. 18 to respond.As evidence of Yale s hostile racial climate, the demands cite a widely debunked alleged exclusion of black women from a party hosted at Sigma Alpha Epsilon (SAE) fraternity. There is substantial evidence this alleged segregation did not happen.Of the Yale student s demands, the most expensive is the third, which orders the school to increase the budget for Yale s four cultural centers (for Asians, blacks, Hispanics, and American Indians) by two million dollars each, a total expense of $8 million. Along with this increase to their budgets, the students demand that the cultural centers hire five additional full-time employees each. Via: Daily Caller ",0
21334,The “Safe Welfare State” Of Sweden Descends Into Anarchy…Muslim Refugee Situation Out Of Control,"The Swedes have apparently reached their limit on  tolerance  for Muslim refugees who have no intention of assimilating. Since 1975, rapes in Sweden have increased by 1,475%! You have to understand that Swedes are really scared when an asylum house opens in their village. They can see what has happened in other places.    Salesman for alarm systems.Since Parliament decided in 1975 that Sweden should be multicultural and not Swedish, crime has exploded. Violent crime has increased by over 300% and rapes have increased by an unbelievable 1,472%.Many Swedes see the mass immigration as a forced marriage: Sweden is forced to marry a man she did not choose, yet she is expected to love and honor him, even though he beats her and treats her badly. Her parents (the government) tell her to be warm and show solidarity with him. Are the State and I now in agreement that our mutual contract is being renegotiated?    Alexandra von Schwerin, whose farm who was robbed three times. Police refused to help.Once upon a time, there was a safe welfare state called Sweden, where people rarely locked their doors.Now, this country is a night-watchman state   each man is on his own. When the Minister of Justice, Morgan Johansson, encourages breaking the law, it means opening the gates to anarchy. Mr. and Mrs. Swede have every reason to be worried, with the influx of 190,000 unskilled and unemployed migrants expected this year   equivalent to 2% of Sweden s current population. The number is as if 6.4 million penniless migrants who did not speak English arrived in U.S. in one year, or 1.3 million in Britain.And the Swedes are preparing: demand for firearms licenses is increasing; more and more Swedes are joining shooting clubs and starting vigilante groups. After a slight dip in 2014, the number of new gun permits has gone up significantly again this year. According to police statistics, there are 1,901,325 licensed guns, owned by 567,733 people, in Sweden. Add to this an unknown number of illegal weapons. To get a gun permit in Sweden, you need to be at least 18 years old; law-abiding; well-behaved, and have a hunting license or be a member of an approved shooting club. In 2014, 11,000 people got a hunting license: 10% more than the year before. One out of five was a woman. There is also a high demand for alarm systems right now,  says a salesman at one of the security companies in an interview with Gatestone. It is largely due to the turbulence we are seeing around the country at the moment.  People have lost confidence in the State, he added.  The police will not come anymore. Truck drivers say that when they see a thief emptying the fuel tank of their trucks, they run out with a baseball bat. It is no use calling the police, but if you hit the thief, you can at least prevent him from stealing more diesel. Many homeowners say the same thing: they sleep with a baseball bat under the bed. But this is risky: the police can then say you have been prepared to use force, and that might backfire on you. The salesman, who asked to remain anonymous, also spoke of Sweden s many Facebook groups, in which people in different villages openly discuss how they intend to protect themselves:  Sometimes you get totally freaked out when you see what they are writing. But you have to understand that Swedes are really scared when an asylum house opens in their village. They can see what has happened in other places. One blog, detailing the consequences for the local population when an asylum facility opens, is aptly named Asylkaos ( Asylum Chaos ). There is a list of companies the reader is prompted to boycott; the blog claims these businesses encourage the transformation of Sweden to a multicultural society, and are therefore considered  hostile to Swedes. At another security company, a salesman said that every time the Immigration Service buys or rents a new housing facility, his firm is swamped with calls.  The next day,  he said,  half the village calls and wants to buy alarm systems. Ronny Fredriksson, spokesman of the security company Securitas, said that the demand for home alarm systems first exploded about six years ago, when many local police stations were shut down and police moved to the main towns. This, he said, could result in response times of several hours.  More and more people now employ the services of our security guards. Shopping malls and stores in the city come together and hire guards. We are kind of like the  local beat  cops of old. Even though Securitas makes big money from the increased need for home security alarms and security guards, Fredriksson says they also are worried about the effect on society: The problem is that we too need the police. When our guards catch a burglar or a violent person, we call the police but the response times are often very long. Sometimes, the detainees get violent and quite rowdy. On occasion, the police have told us to release the person we have apprehended, if we have his identity, because they do not have a patrol nearby. Even before the massive influx of migrants in the fall of 2015, Swedes felt a need to protect themselves   and with good reason. Since the Parliament decided in 1975 that Sweden should be multicultural and not Swedish, crime has exploded. Violent crime has increased by more than 300%, and rapes have increased by an unbelievable 1,472%.The politicians, however, ignore the people s fear completely. It is never discussed. Instead, the people who express concern about what kind of country Sweden has become are accused of xenophobia and racism. Most likely, that is the reason more and more people are taking matters into their own hands, and protecting themselves and their families to the best of their ability.All the same, some people do not settle for that. It seems some people are trying to stop mass immigration to Sweden. Almost every day there are reports of fires being set at asylum houses. So far, miraculously, no one has been hurt. These fires are set not only by Swedes. On October 13, a 36-year-old woman living in Skellefte  was convicted of setting fire to the asylum facility in which she herself resided. The woman claimed she lit a candle and then fell asleep. Yet forensic evidence showed that a combustible fluid had been doused throughout the room, and the court found beyond a reasonable doubt that she herself had ignited the fire. Via: Gatestone Institute",0
21335,MIZZOU Cry-Babies Complain Paris Terror Tragedy Is Stealing Spotlight From Their “Struggles”,"Never mind that almost every single aspect of the phony Mizzou controversy has been proven to be a hoax. For these entitled trophy kids, they will never have enough Campus activists in America showed their true faces during an international tragedy last night: they are the selfish, spoiled children we always knew they were.Black Lives Matter and Mizzou protesters responded to the murder of scores of people in Paris at the hands of Islamic extremists by complaining about losing the spotlight and saying their  struggles  were being  erased.  Their struggles, remember, consist of a poop swastika of unknown provenance and unsubstantiated claims of racially-charged remarks somewhere near Missouri s campus.So debased has the language on American campuses become that these incidents, which many observers believe to be hoaxes, just like previous campus scandals celebrated by progressive media, are being referred to as  terrorism  and a  tragedy  by moronic 20-year-olds who have never been told,  No. Via: Breitbart News",0
21336,BREAKING: PARIS TERRORIST Was Syrian Refugee…Arrived In Greece Last Month,"The terror attacks in Paris are a horrific reminder of the consequences nations who open their borders to people who want to kill them will surely face Reports are emerging that one of the terrorists involved in last night s Paris massacre was a Syrian refugee who arrived in Greece last month.Greek journalist Yannis Koutsomitis tweets that the country s Ministry of Public Order and Citizen Protection has confirmed that the terrorist found with a Syrian passport on his person was,  registered as refugee on Leros island in October. Koutsomitis also drew attention to a quote by Greece migration Minister Yiannis Mouzalas, who on September 9th said,  It would be  foolish to believe that there are no jihadists among the refugees that cross into Europe. #Greece PublicOrderMin Toskas confirms Paris attacker w Syrian passport was registered as refugee on Leros island in Oct. /via @AntennaNews  Yannis Koutsomitis (@YanniKouts) November 14, 2015A Syrian passport was discovered on the body of one of the suicide bombers who staged the attack outside the Stade de France during the France v Germany soccer game.If confirmed, the report will be a devastating blow to Angela Merkel and other European leaders who have opened the borders to hundreds of thousands of migrants despite ISIS  vow to exploit the crisis to infiltrate jihadists into the west.Earlier today, Merkel responded to the massacre by calling for people to express  tolerance  towards the migrants.Numerous experts have warned that rolling out the red carpet to migrants from the Middle East would substantitally heighten the risk of terrorists being able to cross into Europe, although such concerns were dismissed by many at the time as fearmongering.Via: InfoWars",0
21337,Marine’s Awesome Response To College Kids Who Want You To Pay For Their Education Goes Viral,"To all the college students who think it s okay to demand that hard-working Americans pay for your college debt, this Marine has a message for you.#MillionStudentMarch Students:I wanted money for school, so I marched too  #millionstudentmarch This one was about 25 miles  #USMC pic.twitter.com/bS6QN0KDtb  James Erickson (@SayHiJames) November 12, 2015Here s the interview that supposedly inspired his message:https://youtu.be/Zmji36q8E4oVia: 100% FED Up! ",0
21338,"Why Sheriffs Are Calling Obama’s Release Of Over 6,000 Federal Prisoners “Biggest Sham”","If there s one thing we do know to be true about Barack Hussein Obama, the safety of the American people is not one of his priorities If [the Obama administration is] not capable of making honest and prudent decisions in securing our borders, how can we trust them to make the right decision on the release of prisoners who may return to a life of crime?  Local sheriffs across America are voicing concern for the safety of the citizens they ve sworn to protect after the biggest one-time release of federal inmates in U.S. history   though advocates of criminal justice reform maintain the release is being handled responsibly.The 6,112 inmates were released from federal prison at the beginning of November in response to a decision by the U.S. Sentencing Commission to reduce sentences for most drug trafficking offenses and apply them retroactively. It coincides with a broader and bipartisan push for rethinking federal sentencing.But the mass release raises immediate practical questions about how the ex-inmates can adjust. There s no transition here, there s no safety net. This is the biggest sham they are trying to sell the American people,  Sheriff Paul Babeu of Arizona s Pinal County told FoxNews.com. On average these criminals have been in federal prison for nine years   you don t have to be a sheriff to realize that a felon after nine years in jail isn t going to be adding value to the community. A third are illegals and felons so they can t work. What do we think they are going to do?  said Babeu, also a congressional candidate.The government is in fact trying to guide the transition for many. The Justice Department says 77 percent of exiting inmates are already in half-way houses or home confinement.But local law enforcement officers have deep reservations, as the initiative ramps up quickly.The November inmates are the first of approximately 46,000 who may have their cases reviewed. Of those released in the first round, the Department of Justice says 1,764 were to be turned over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) for deportation proceedings.Sheriffs on the border front-lines were skeptical of the deportation claim. The promise is they re going to be turned over to ICE and deported. Anyone who thinks there s any likelihood of them leaving the U.S.   think again,  Babeu said, before saying the president should be held responsible for any crimes committed by those released.Other sheriffs also challenged the claim that those being released are not a risk to communities. If [the Obama administration is] not capable of making honest and prudent decisions in securing our borders, how can we trust them to make the right decision on the release of prisoners who may return to a life of crime?  Sheriff Harold Eavenson of Rockwall County, Texas, told FoxNews.com. I d be amazed if the 6,000   being released are non-violent.  Sheriff Harold Eavenson While the average number of inmates being released to any one state is 80, Texas is slated to receive 597 inmates.The inmates in question had been incarcerated on drug offenses, but the severity of the cases ranged broadly. An Associated Press review last month found while many were low-level drug dealers, some had prior convictions for robbery or were involved in moving serious drugs like cocaine and heroin. WGME in Maine also reported that the group includes a former  drug kingpin  previously listed as one of  America s Most Wanted,  after his 20-year sentence was reduced. For them to tell me or tell citizens that they re going to do a good job and these inmates are non-violent, when in many instances drug crimes, drug purchasing, drug trafficking are related to other, violent crimes   I d be amazed if the 6,000   being released are non-violent,  Eavenson said.A Justice Department official told reporters at an October briefing that the DOJ was conscious of public safety when granting each inmate early release, adding that every prisoner who applied under these new guidelines underwent a public safety assessment. The DOJ says that the reductions were not automatic, and that as of October, judges denied approximately 26 percent of total petitions. Via: FOX News",0
21339,RACISM MUCH? Black Cornell Students Protest a Pro-Black Protest Led by White Students,"Politically correct racism condoned by the Left and fueled by Obama, his administration, the media and radical educators (Disclaimer: MRCTV linked to a Facebook event that has since been removed. An archive of the event can be viewed here.)An organized protest at Cornell University supporting racial equality has been canceled after a black student group complained about the  lack of people of color in the planning and attendance  of the event, which appears to have been organized by a white student.The group also stated that  although  the members appreciate  the solidarity and interest of our allies,  the organization would like to address prejudice  in [their] own way.  They then suggested that individuals who would like to show support for black causes should ask in advance for the organization s approval.Thursday morning, a Facebook event was created for a #ConcernedStudent1950 protest that would take place on Friday at noon. People immediately expressed outrage at the event.AD FEEDBACK The event creator, who appears to be a white man on his Facebook profile, was accused of  mocking the struggles of our communities  and  creating an event to promote himself. Some Facebook commenters called the event creator a  troll. Cornell student and alleged Huffington Post writer Paola Mu oz wrote: Are you f**king kidding me? Being an ally is not about starting events because *now* it s actual racism   racism takes on different forms, such as through microaggressions, cultural appropriation, people wearing PoC caricatures for Halloween; bull sh*t that ultimately  others  us that you and so many other folxs poked fun at.  Mu oz went on to claim the event creator has posted  classist sh*t  and  use[s] humor to dilute our pain.  She called the event a  complete mockery. Mu oz requested the student group Black Students United at Cornell University post on the page and cancel the event.Black Students United at Cornell University posted,  We, Black Students United, would like to point out the lack of people of color in the planning and attendance of this protest. The organization continued,  While we appreciate the solidarity and interest of our allies across campus, we would like to be able to address prejudice on this campus and campuses like it in our own way. Black Students United at Cornell University noted they would like individuals to ask their permission before creating events. In the future, please ask how you can support us before organizing on your own. With that in mind, we would appreciate the cancellation [sic] of this event. In response to the comment by Black Students United at Cornell University, the event creator posted an update canceling the event. He wrote,  Thank you for calling me out on my ignorance. Via: MRCTV",0
21340,"ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS CAUGHT Squatting In Deployed Soldiers Home: Feces, Urine Stains And Garbage Everywhere","These creeps will be out of jail and occupying another taxpaying American citizens home faster than you can say  amnesty! Five illegal immigrants have been arrested for squatting in a deployed soldier s home   leaving it covered in feces and urine.The men have occupied the three-story home in Englewood, New Jersey, for at least a few weeks as its owner, a female soldier, is stationed out of the city.According to police,  the conditions in the home were deplorable throughout , with evidence of partying and squalor.They discovered the disgusting scene after one of the men, 18-year-old Carlos Rosales-Campos, was arrested on Sunday following a theft at a nearby restaurant.Police determined he was squatting at the property on Lafayette Avenue, and when they went to inspect they found four more men living there.Rosales-Campos is in the country illegally from El Salvador, according to police.One of the men, 47-year-old Oswaldo Meneses-Arango, is a legal resident from Colombia.However, the other three   Rosalio Valencia-Hernandez, 49; Rene Contreras-Ixtla, 39; and Evaristo Chavez, 34   are illegal immigrants from Mexico.Police have charged five men for squatting in a soldier s New Jersey home. They found them on Sunday after arresting Carlos Rosales-Campos, 18, (pictured) over a burglary. He is here illegally from El SalvadorBreak-insPolice said Rosales-Campos began his string of burglaries on Aug. 27, when he approached a manager of the Jackson Hole Diner and put a gun to his head and demanded the night s receipts. No shots were fired and the manager was not hurt, but Rosales-Campos got away with more than $1,000 in cash, police said.Other incidents include:On Sept. 28, police said, Rosales-Campos stole the cash register and less than $500 from Colpan Bakery on James Street. He is accused of stealing the cash register and less than $100 from Community Cleaners on Grand Avenue on Oct. 2. On Oct. 6, tobacco products and a cash register were taken from Crown Fish & Chicken on West Englewood Avenue, police said. The register had less than $500 in it. On Oct. 15, the Jackson Hole Diner was burglarized, and Rosales-Campos was accused of taking a $500 laptop and tampering with the cash register. On Oct. 21, he allegedly tried to break into the KNT Luncheonette on West Hudson Avenue but nothing was taken. On Oct. 29, he allegedly stole about $500 worth of clothing and a cash register with $100 from Englewood Athletics on West Palisade Avenue. A significant amount of the stolen merchandise was recovered and returned to the businesses, Torell said.Aside from Chavez, all of the men are homeless, police said.Evaristo Chavez, 34 and Rene Contreras-Ixtla, 39, are in the country illegally from MexicoOswaldo Meneses-Arango, 47, is the only legal resident of the five. He hails from Colombia. However, he was also charged with trespass alongside illegal Mexican immigrant, Rosalio Valencia-Hernandez, 49 (below)Northjersey.com reported that empty beer bottles, clothing and plastic gloves could be seen in the yard of the single-family home. At the back, someone had knocked out a glass pane of the rear door.Rosales-Campos was charged with armed robbery, second-degree possession of a weapon with intent to use against a person, second-degree illegal handgun possession, six counts of third-degree burglary, third-degree attempted burglary, several counts of theft, fourth-degree possession of a fraudulent government I.D. and one count fourth-degree criminal trespass.Via: UK Daily Mail",0
21341,"KARMA: Manufactured Race War Backfires…Missou Loses Top Football Recruit, Says “Their campus is out of control.”","kar ma  k rm /Submit noun destiny or fate, following as effect from cause.Protests Cost Missouri a Top RecruitLouisiana high school football standout Sci Martin removed Missouri from his top five list of schools he was considering attending next fall.Sci Martin is one of the top high school recruits in the country.Sci Martin, from New Orleans, Louisiana, told reporters,  Their campus is out of control.  SEC Cuuntry reported: As if enough wasn t already going on at Missouri, the protests and racially-charged controversy have now hit the recruiting trail.Sci Martin, a 3-star defensive end and the No. 42 player in Louisiana, told SEC Country he has removed Mizzou from his top five. That narrows his list down to LSU, TCU, Utah and Oklahoma.Martin, who leads the New Orleans area in sacks this season, said he wanted no part of what s taking place in Columbia, Mo. Their campus is going out of control,  Martin said Wednesday night.Martin said Missouri was  pretty high  on his list. He previously said he liked the Tigers  coaching staff and how he fit in their defensive scheme.Because of what s going on, Missouri will no longer receive consideration. They were pretty high,  Martin said of Missouri,  but I m not going back in time with this type of madness. Sci Martin spoke with NOLA earlier this season.Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
21342,JUDGE REMOVES 1 YR OLD FROM HOME OF MARRIED LESBIANS: Should Be Sent To “A more traditional home”,"Gay Mafia descends in 5 4 3 2 1 Given the current body of evidence, the American College of Pediatricians believes it is inappropriate, potentially hazardous to children, and dangerously irresponsible to change the age-old prohibition on same-sex parenting, whether by adoption, foster care, or reproductive manipulation,  they conclude.  This position is rooted in the best available science. A Utah juvenile court judge ruled Tuesday that a 1-year-old girl, who has been in the care of lesbian foster parents, cannot be adopted by them and should be sent to  a more traditional home,  says the Utah Division of Child and Family Services.According to CNN, the case is the first major challenge to same-sex adoption rights. LGBT civil rights groups are outraged over the ruling.While Judge Scott Johansen is not commenting on his decision publicly per the Utah Code of Judicial Conduct April Hoagland, one of the lesbians, married over a year ago to Beckie Peirce, told KUTV that Johansen said research indicates children in homosexual homes do not do as well as they do in heterosexual homes. [W]hen they asked to show his research he would not,  Hoagland added.Hoagland and Peirce were approved as foster parents by the division of family services and are raising Peirce s two children. They say the state and the child s biological mother are supportive of their desire to adopt the child.As CBS reports, the two women are part of a group of same-sex couples who were permitted to become foster parents in Utah following the U.S. Supreme Court ruling that legalized same-sex marriage nationwide. Deborah Lindner, a spokeswoman for the Utah Foster Care Foundation, which trains foster parents for the state, said about 20 same-sex couples are caring for children in the foster program. Heartbreaking. We ve been told to take care like a mother would and I m her mother, and that s who she knows and she s just going to be taken away in seven days to probably another good, loving home,  Hoagland said.  But it s not fair, and it s not right, and it hurts me very badly, because I have done nothing wrong. Removing a child from a loving home simply because the parents are LGBT is outrageous, shocking and unjust,  Chad Griffin, president of the Human Rights Campaign, said in a statement.  It also flies in the face of overwhelming evidence that children being raised by same-sex parents are just as healthy and well-adjusted as those with different-sex parents. At a time when so many children in foster care need loving homes, it is sickening to think that a child would be taken from caring parents who planned to adopt,  he added.Utah child and family services said they are reviewing the ruling to determine their options, including whether to challenge the order. This is the first time there has been an attempt to deprive gay foster parents of their rights to care for an adoptive child,  said CNN legal analyst Paul Callan.  I believe it was a bizarre and highly unusual decision by the judge based most probably on religious beliefs rather than scientific facts. He predicted the case would be overturned by Utah appeals courts.In 2012, however, sociologist Mark Regnerus of the University of Texas at Austin published research in the journal Social Science Research on a large, random sample of Americans of ages 18-39 who were raised in different types of families. The study of some 3,000 adults found numerous differences that exist among the various family arrangements and that outcomes for children of gay and lesbian parents were  suboptimal. In another study by Loren Marks of Louisiana State University also published in Social Science Research Marks debunked a 2005 policy brief on same-sex parents by the American Psychological Association (APA), in which the organization analyzed 59 studies and concluded  [n]ot a single study has found children of lesbian or gay parents to be disadvantaged in any significant respect relative to children of heterosexual parents. Marks observed that 55 of the studies analyzed by APA did not even  provide evidence of statistical power  in accord with APA s own standards. [N]ot one of the 59 studies referenced in the 2005 APA Brief compares a large, random, representative sample of lesbian or gay parents and their children with a large, random, representative sample of married parents and their children,  Marks noted. [W]e have been left with large, scientifically strong studies showing children do best with their married mother and father but which do not make comparisons with homosexual parents or couples,  observed Peter Sprigg, senior fellow for policy studies at Family Research Council,  and studies which purportedly show that children of homosexuals do just as well as other children but which are methodologically weak and thus scientifically inconclusive. However, Regnerus s research, called the  New Family Structures Study,  included comparisons with children raised by same-sex parents and surveyed young adults about their experiences growing up in their family situations as well as their current life. Unlike other studies, Regnerus also did not rely on reports of children, while they were still living in their homes, or the potentially biased reports of the parents.Regnerus found that children of homosexuals fared worse on 77 out of 80 outcome measures that compared children with same-sex parents to those from other family arrangements. Specifically, compared with children raised by married, biological parents, children of homosexual parents are more likely to be on public assistance, have lower educational attainment, and report both less safety in their childhood families and more continued  negative impact  from them. In addition, children of same-sex parents were found to more likely suffer from depression, to have been arrested more often, and to have had more male and female sexual partners if they are female.For children of lesbian mothers, statistical significance in both direct comparisons and with control subjects was found in numerous areas in Regnerus s research. Children of lesbian mothers were found to be four times more likely to be on welfare, more than three times more likely to be unemployed, nearly ten times more likely to have been  touched sexually by a parent or other adult caregiver,  and nearly four times as likely to have been  physically forced  to have sex against their will.Despite numerous statistically significant correlations in his study and his carefully controlled methodology, Regnerus still cautions these relationships do not indicate causality. Still, as Sprigg noted,  The large number of significant negative outcomes in this study gives legitimate reason for concern about the consequences of  homosexual parenting. According to Drs. Michelle Cretella and Den Trumbull:[M]others and fathers parent differently and make unique contributions to the overall development of the child. Psychological theory of child development has always recognized the critical role that mothers play in the healthy development of children. More recent research reveals that when fathers are absent, children suffer as well. Girls without fathers perform more poorly in school, are more likely to be sexually active and become pregnant as teenagers. Boys without fathers have higher rates of delinquency, violence, and aggression. [T]radition and science agree that biological ties and dual gender parenting are protective for children,  the doctors continue.  The limited research advocating childrearing by same-sex parents has severe methodological limitations. There is significant risk of harm inherent in exposing a child to the homosexual lifestyle. Via: Breitbart News",0
21343,RADICAL INTERIM MISSOU PREZ EXPOSED AS POLITICAL ACTIVIST…Forced Out Predecessor…VIDEO Shows Coordination With Rich Black Starving Student,"Now we ll just sit back and wait to see if Middleton s name appears on the White House registry in October or early November Mike Middleton, the man just named as the interim president of the University of Missouri, worked as a political activist with the protestors who forced out his predecessor.As NBC reports: The University of Missouri s governing board on Thursday appointed a recently retired administrator to be the university system s interim president.Here is former Missouri University resigning from his position after being bullied by students:The Board of Curators announced that Michael Middleton, 68, will lead the four-campus system until it finds a permanent replacement for Tim Wolfe, who resigned Monday under pressure from students who criticized his administration s response to a series of racial incidents. Middleton retired in August after teaching at the law school for 17 years. But he subsequently worked with the black protestors who created racial tensions by staging a series of direct actions designed to antagonize other students.Middleton is featured prominently in a video released three weeks ago called  Response To Skeptics,  which was produced by a video team at the university s Academic Support Center.The video opens with Jonathan Butler   the lead activist   leveling political charge at people who don t accept the black activists  claim of  racial problems  at the campus, which is located only 120 miles from Ferguson, where the current protests and political campaign began in August 2014.Then Middleton appears, to insist there is a race-relations problem because race-activists say there is a race-relations problem. How can anyone deny there s a race relations issue on this campus? Are they not listening to the people who are saying their is? Are they calling all these people liars? That s as bad as calling all of them racist? This is a problem because a huge part of our community agrees that it s a problem. Middleton is a longtime lawyer and political activist in the race-relations sector. His UM biography says:Professor Middleton joined the law faculty in 1985 after an illustrious career with the federal government in Washington. He was a trial attorney in the Civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice and in 1977 was appointed Assistant Deputy Director of the Office for Civil Rights at the Department of [Health, Education, and Welfare].After serving as Director of the Office of Systemic Programs for the [Equal Employment Opportunity Commission] and as Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Civil Rights at the Department of Education, he was appointed Associate General Counsel of the EEOC s trial division. He returned to his alma mater from St. Louis, where he was director of the St. Louis district office of the EEOC.Beginning in 1997 he served as the Interim Vice Provost for Minority Affairs and Faculty Development for the University of Missouri. In 1998 he accepted the position of Deputy Chancellor.Via: Breitbart News",0
21344,NEIL CAVUTO Gives A HUGE Reality Check To College Activist Who Wants Free College [Video],This is awesome! Cavuto rips into this activist big time! ,0
21345,GOVERNMENT SANTA CANDIDATE Gets Another Huge Endorsement… Just In Time For Christmas,"The USPS is drowning in debt, has lost every one of its life-lines and has mismanaged its funds for decades. No worries though, the US Postal Union is quite certain Socialist Santa Claus will fix everything Presidential hopeful Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) won the endorsement of the American Postal Workers Union on Thursday, giving the self-described democratic socialist a boost as he seeks more support from organized labor in the Democratic primary.APWU represents 200,000 U.S. Postal Service employees and retirees. It s the second major national union and member of the AFL-CIO labor federation to endorse Sanders over rival and Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton.Sanders  stands above all others as a true champion of postal workers and other workers throughout the country,  said Mark Dimondstein, the union s president, in a statement. The endorsement came from the union s 13-member executive board.The United States Postal Service (USPS) lost $5.5 billion last year. That is the eighth annual loss in a row and the third-highest ever. The only silver lining is that the loss was below the red-ink tsunami of $15.9 billion in 2012.Why does the federal government deliver the mail? Why does it have a monopoly over delivering the mail?Admittedly, the Postal Service is one of the few government programs with actual constitutional warrant. The Constitution authorizes Congress to establish post offices. And early American politicians rushed to take advantage of their opportunity, creating the Post Office Department in 1792.With politics rather than service as the post office s priority, Congress took the next step and approved the Private Express Statutes, which prevented anyone from competing with the government in delivering first-class mail. And Uncle Sam enforced his monopoly, fining would-be competitors, including celebrated libertarian author Lysander Spooner.The feds continue to prosecute anyone with the temerity to compete with the USPS, even threatening the Cub Scouts for once offering to deliver Christmas cards.Believing that Americans existed to serve the USPS left the system ill-equipped to adapt to changing circumstances. In 1971, Congress turned the Post Office Department into the semi-independent USPS. That removed its direct role in politics, but the USPS still is exempt from taxes and regulations, including local parking restrictions. Congress retained its control over postal policies and, of course, preserved the system s delivery monopoly.But banning competition could not preserve the postal market. The number of pieces of mail peaked in 2001 and continues to fall despite a rising population. Mail pieces dropped from 213 billion in 2006 to 155 billion last year, and the number is expected to decline to 130 billion by 2020. The USPS s last profitable year was 2006. Since then, losses have run between $2.8 billion and $15.9 billion. The Postal Service has maxed out its borrowing from Uncle Sam and missed four retiree program payments. With characteristic understatement, the Government Accountability Office observed,  Given its financial problems and outlook, USPS cannot support its current level of service and operations. The postal unions insist that nothing is wrong   at least, nothing that a federal bailout wouldn t solve. They reserve particular ire for the requirement that the USPS prefund workers  retirement. Had this rule not been in place, noted former postmaster general Patrick Donahoe, the Postal Service would have earned money last year.But prefunding protects taxpayers. Washington s unfunded (government) retirement liability is about $800 billion and growing every year. That no other agency is required to prefund is unfair to taxpayers, not the Postal Service, since every agency should have to set aside sufficient money to fulfill its financial promises. With the Postal Service earning too little to pay and with nothing left of its federal credit line, the USPS has defaulted four times over the last three years on its mandated contributions.Sanders has long been a vocal backer of a robust postal service, particularly during the postal reform debate of recent years. APWU views itself as fighting a battle against postal service privatization, and it counts the Vermont senator as perhaps its leading defender.As the postal service bleeds millions in losses   mostly due to unique funding mandates placed upon it by Congress   Sanders has staunchly opposed the closure of postal facilities and cuts in postal service, such as Saturday delivery. He is also a leading proponent of the concept of postal banking, which would allow post offices to provide small loans and compete with payday lenders. Postal banking is a top issue for APWU, and Sanders has sought to make it a campaign issue.In his statement, Dimondstein noted Sanders  long history of standing with workers on picket lines, as well as his support for a national $15 per hour minimum wage. Sanders spoke at a protest against Verizon last month that was held by the Communications Workers of America union, and he joined a Fight for $15 rally outside the U.S. Capitol building earlier this week.Via: Huffington Post ",0
21346,"TEAM CLINTON MEMBER BILL GATES Pushed For Unlimited Guest Worker Permits Last Week…This Week Slashes 18,000 Jobs"," The question is not how Hillary will ever be able to repay the kindness of so many donors to the Clinton Slush Fund/Clinton Charity the question is how will America survive her pay-backs?According to donation records, the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation   which funds global vaccine distribution   has donated at least $26 million to the Clinton charity, though records appear to be incomplete so the amount could be higher.On Thursday, a week after former Microsoft CEO Bill Gates argued for amnesty and for an unlimited number of high-tech guest-worker visas, Microsoft announced it would slash 18,000 jobs. Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella promised his employees that  we will go through this process in the most thoughtful and transparent way possible.  Analysts told USA Today that the number being let go was  larger than expected. The  vast majority  of employees will reportedly be notified  within the next six months  and  earn severance and job transition help in many locations.  Microsoft employs 125,000 people.Bill Gates, along with Sheldon Adelson and Warren Buffett, advocated removing  the worldwide cap on the number of visas that could be awarded to legal immigrants who had earned a graduate degree in science, technology, engineering or mathematics from an accredited institution of higher education in the United States. However, numerous nonpartisan scholars and studies have determined that there is a surplus   not a shortage   of American high-tech workers. Moreover, after a recent Census report found that  74% of those with a bachelor s degree in these subjects don t work in STEM (science, technology, engineering, math) jobs,  the mainstream media may finally be catching on and taking away the high-tech industry s  free pass.  CBS News, for instance, concluded that the Census data suggest the high-tech industry s contention that there is a shortage of American high-tech  is largely a myth. Ron Hira, a public policy professor at the Rochester Institute of Technology, has  said there are 50% more graduates than job openings in the STEM fields.  Microsoft s announcement hammers home his point that the IT sector has often been  an area of social mobility,  and removing the caps on high-tech guest-worker visas would take jobs away from American workers and make it more difficult to climb the economic ladder. You ve got people who come from working-class backgrounds who go into these sectors,  Hira said on a conference call of scholars earlier this year that Sen. Jeff Sessions'(R-AL) office organized.  It s a way of getting into the middle class and the professional class, and that s being cut off.  Via: Breitbart News ",0
21347,"WRONG COLOR: If Left Really Cared About Police Brutality, They’d Be Protesting Death Of White 6 Yr Old Autistic Boy Whose Dad Was Unarmed With “Hands Up” [VIDEO]","As it turns out, police brutality really isn t the issue at all. It s about dividing a nation down racial lines and the good police men and women are just part of a scheme by the Left that is being orchestrated in the highest office of our nation Police investigating the fatal shooting of a six-year-old autistic boy by two Louisiana state marshals are looking into whether one of the cops had a grudge with the child s father.Jeremy Mardis was shot five times in the head and chest as he sat in the passenger seat of his father Chris Few s car last week by officers Derrick Stafford, 32, and Norris Greenhouse.Investigators are exploring the possibility that Greenhouse, 23, had a personal issue with Few, after Few s fianc e Megan Dixon said the marshal had been messaging her on Facebook and coming round to their home.Ms Dixon has previously said she  was the reason this all started , adding that she knew what happened in the moments leading up to the shooting.Few and Ms Dixon were drinking Budweisers and shots of tequila in T.J. s Lounge and pool bar that evening before getting into an argument, the Denver Post reported.She announced to the bar that they were not seeing each other any more and started dancing with one of the barmen.Few reportedly stormed out of the bar, kicking a door as he left, before getting into a blazing row with Ms Dixon in the parking lot.They drove off in different vehicles and someone called 911.A short while later, after Few had picked up Jeremy, he pulled up next to Ms Dixon at a red light and asked her to come home with him. She said she declined because she was  stubborn .As she pulled away, Ms Dixon said she saw two marshals  cars approaching from behind with their lights flashing.She said she saw Few was pointing at his son s head, showing that he was in the car and he wasn t sure what to do.According to investigators, Few drove down a cul-de-sac as marshals Greenhouse and Stafford came round the corner.Police say Few started reversing and at this point the men opened fire, pumping 18 bullets into the SUV, five of which hit Jeremy in the head and chest.Police are investigating whether Greenhouse (left) had a grudge with Few, who was said to have confronted the cop over Facebook messages and visit to his fiancee. Pictured right, StaffordFew s attorney says footage from a bodycam worn by one of the cops shows the father putting his hands up before the officers started firing.Col. Edmonson on Friday described the footage as  the most disturbing thing I ve seen .He added:  That video was incredible. I mean, as a father, much less head of the state police, I looked at that tape, I said this is incredibly disturbing. Initial reports suggested the marshals had a warrant but it was subsequently discovered that they did not, and it is not known why they pursued Few.Greenhouse and Stafford were charged with second-degree murder and attempted second-degree murder. They are being held on $1million bonds.As you can see here, these two cops were about as bad as two cops can be. Since neither of them are white, and the victim is white, this is a non-story to the citizens who are reportedly  so concerned  about police brutality: Via: Daily Mail ",0
21348,#BlackPrivilegedLives: Truth Behind The (Not So) Poor Oppressed Black Mizzou Student Who Went On “Hunger Strike” Over “White Privilege” [Video],"We ll wait for Nancy Pelosi to call this movement exactly what it is an  astro-turf  movement. The  hate cops  and  hate white people  movement is a George Soros funded, Obama, Eric Holder and Al Sharpton inspired movement created to pit  the haves  and the  have nots  against each other. To hell with America and it s great people, this is about something much more important to the Left, it s about a divided nation totally dependent upon the government.No justice no peace! We have nothing to lose but our chains  -Jonathan Butler, son of very successful multi-millionaire parents.Jonathan Butler, a central figure in the protests at the University of Missouri, is an Omaha native and the son of a railroad vice president, the Omaha World-Herald reports.Butler refused food last week in a move to force the university system s president, Timothy M. Wolfe, from office. Wolfe resigned Monday and Butler ended his hunger strike.Jonathan Butler played high-school football at Omaha Central High, where he won a state championship, and earned a bachelor s degree in business administration from Mizzou, the newspaper reports. He is working toward a master s degree in educational leadership and policy.He is a member of a prominent Omaha family. The newspaper says that Butler s father is Eric L. Butler, executive vice president for sales and marketing for the Union Pacific Railroad. His 2014 compensation was $8.4 million, according to regulatory filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Via: SLTButler s turn from silent type to activist wasn t a complete surprise to his old football coach, Jay Ball, who remembered how Butler worked hard to bulk himself up in order to make the move from the junior varsity team to varsity. In his senior year, Butler started on a team that won the state title.Ball said Butler wasn t a big guy   standing about 5-foot-9, tops. But Ball practically had to kick Butler out of the weight room because the aspiring player spent so much time there, pushing himself.  I can remember watching him squat,  Ball said.  His eyeballs bulged out. Ball said Butler led by example, not rah-rah bravado.  He was really smart,  Ball said,  a very coachable kid. Ball said Butler s drive, tenacity and effort probably served him well these past weeks.In his senior yearbook, Butler is shown twice: once in a tie for his class portrait and once in a tiny football team photograph. According to teachers and administrators, he was not the kind of student who organized events or served on the student council. Instead, he was a quiet, solid student who paid attention.Now Butler is the public face of a protest that drew national attention and felled two top leaders. Butler and others have said he s not the center   several women at Mizzou plus the school s student body president took more public positions earlier. But his hunger strike, which stretched for eight days, seems to have been the catalyst.Where did this activism come from?Butler did not respond to a World-Herald reporter s requests for interviews. His parents declined to comment. They traveled to Missouri on Monday. A family friend described the family as incredibly humble and low profile.Butler has said in news reports that his paternal grandfather, an attorney helping the poor in New York City, was a big influence. So were his parents: Eric is a Union Pacific executive and Cynthia is a former educator who runs an advocacy program. They founded Joy of Life Ministries in their basement, and it has grown into a church now based at 56th Street and Sorensen Parkway.Butler has said that the police shooting death of Michael Brown in Ferguson in 2014 and the subsequent protests there marked a turning point for him. He spent time in Ferguson, a two-hour drive from Columbia, lending his voice two summers ago.Here is Butler, the self proclaimed speaking to students.  I am a revolutionary. ",0
21349,DISTURBING VIDEO: White Journalism Professor Orders Students To Physically Remove Asian Reporter From University: “I need some muscle over here”,"An Asian student reporter on assignment for ESPN and his cameraman were assaulted by an unruly group of intolerant racism peddlers, while attempting to capture photos and video footage of a protesters  tent encampment at the Univ of Missouri.University of Missouri professor, Melissa Click can be seen at the end of the video, as she encourages students to bully and threaten a reporter: Who wants to help me get this reporter out of here? I need some muscle over here. It s interesting how this is the same woman who worked so hard to get coverage of this staged event at Univ of Missouri, yet threatens the press when she feels they may not be on the same team. So the message she sends her students is pretty clear either agree with us or leave! No opposing views will be either respected or tolerated. This is a classic example of how little tolerance the Left really has for anyone with an opposing view. By the way,Melissa Click  is a professor of wait for it Journalism at Univ. of Missouri.Here s an actual post on FB that was captured and tweeted around where Professor Click was begging for media coverage of her staged racism event:@JoeWalljasper @CaitlinSwieca yet a couple days ago she was courting the media  pic.twitter.com/8uZsQQfv2k  Kevin Hardy (@kevinmhardy) November 10, 2015Wouldn t these protesters be considered  racists  by the media if this reporter was black? Listen carefully as he attempts to explain to the woefully ignorant student protesters that he was protected by the same 1st Amendment that protects their right to protest alleged  racism  at the Univ. of Missouri. Here s how the exchange went down:Tai: Mam, the First Amendment protects your right to be here and mine.Student: Okay, we protect our space as human beings.Tai:There s not a law for that.Student: Forget the law. How about humanity or respect?Tai:How about documenting this for prosperity?Student: Please sir, I m sorry, theses are people too. Now BACK OFF!Students begin to shove Asian reporter.Tai: Don t push me.Very large black man: You need to back up I know that. You need to back up!Tai: We re not doing anything wrong. We re on public spaces.After explaining to the students (again) that he was protected by the 1st Amendment to report on the story, protesters began to grab at his camera.Black male protester (visibly frustrated with Asian reporter): Did you just touch her? (Nice accusation bro, but both of his hands are visibly on his camera!)And does anything warm your heart more than a bunch of supposedly educated students dragging out a pathetic Alinsky ish union chant designed to drown out any opposition to their radical cause:  Hey hey ho, ho .reporters have got to go. WATCH Insane liberal logic at work here, as Concerned Student 1950 activists, a group that was formed to create chaos and bring attention to alleged racial issues on campus fights to keep Tai away from activist tent on campus quad:The blonde woman who is the most vocal antagonist and the person who seems most interested in denying this reporter his 1st Amendment rights has been identified as Janna Basler, Campus Greek Life Leader and Communications Professor. Oh, the irony. WOW just wow! Here is the Linkedin profile for the bully professor, Melissa Click who asks for  muscle  to remove the reporter:And finally, a great tweet from the courageous reporter who bravely stood his ground in the face of threats and intolerance by a leftist mob. He brilliantly cites the law that allowed him to cover the event on campus:I tweeted this out a few days ago but there's literally a state law on the books affirming right to access quad: https://t.co/vACHgnbBaj  Tim Tai (@nonorganical) November 10, 2015I sure hope there s a discrimination law suit in the works! Tim Tai would never win in most courts today, but you know what they say: Sunshine is the best form of disinfectant.  And Lord knows, this group could use a little sunshine READ MORE: Univ. Of Missouri Pres. resigned yesterday amid protests from the Univ of Missouri football team s alleged racism   [Video]",0
21350,TERROR-TIED GROUP Plans In-Your-Face Parade Float At Tomorrow’s Veterans’ Day Parade,"CAIR knows what it s doing in Tulsa, OK but as usual pretends it s no big deal. We ve dealt with the CAIR, Michigan leader who s been on Twitter, along with others in the organization, bashing our military. We took screen shots of the Tweets that are included in this article. The organization is trying to taunt our veterans on a day when we should be saluting them. If you live in the Tulsa, Oklahoma area, please go and protest this float.The Islamic hate group CAIR is taunting our veterans and military personnel with this latest stunt. Yesterday, veterans gathered at the Richard L. Jones, Jr. Airport to protest the terror-tied float. The group is asking parade goers to literally turn their backs on the float for the Council on American-Islamic Relations.The U.S. front group for a UAE-designated Islamic terrorist group will have a float in one of the largest Veterans Day parades in the country.The subversive organization known as the Council on American-Islamic Relations, or CAIR, continues to try to burnish its unsavory image and obscure knowledge of its true nature.Adam Soltani, executive director of CAIR Oklahoma, insists that his organization is pure as the driven snow:  Any claim that CAIR is associated with the Muslim Brotherhood, Hamas, or any other terrorist organization is absolutely preposterous. CAIR was founded in 1994 in Washington, D.C., as a national organization to be a civil rights advocate for American Muslims, to stand up for constitutional rights, for religious freedom, for pluralism, and for every right that we value as American citizens. A Memorial Day Tweet From CAIR, Michigan Director And Retweeted by the San Francisco CAIR Director:Soltani s words are far from the truth. The reality is that  CAIR is an unindicted co-conspirator in a Hamas terror funding case   so named by the Justice Department. CAIR operatives have repeatedly refusedtodenounce Hamas and Hizballah as terrorist groups. Several former CAIR officials have been convicted of various crimes related to jihad terror. CAIR s cofounder and longtime Board chairman (Omar Ahmad), as well as its chief spokesman (Ibrahim Hooper), have made Islamic supremacist statements. Its California chapter distributed a poster telling Muslims not to talk to the FBI. CAIR has opposed every anti-terror measure that has ever been proposed or implemented. According to a captured internal document entered into evidence in the largest terrorist funding trial in our nation s history, the Islamic Association of Palestine, which is the parent organization of Hamas-tied CAIR, was a Muslim Brotherhood entity, working toward  eliminating and destroying Western civilization from within, and sabotaging its miserable house   CAIR operatives attack and dismantle America s greatest freedoms through litigation jihad. They smear and destroy the voices of freedom via their well-paid hacks in the media. Over the past decades, they have expended untold amounts of money to buy influence among media and elected officials.Michigan Director of CAIR: A Muslim nation with ties to 9/11 (Qatar) made a major endowment to the Council on American-Islamic Relations. The Saudis have funded them with at least $50 million. Post-9/11, they worked furiously to defeat the Patriot Act, and they continue to undermine counter-terror programs here at home.Read more: Pam Geller",0
21351,BREAKING: US Appeals Court Deals Obama’s Executive Amnesty Huge Blow,"How many times will our lawless president plead his unconstitutional positions before our Supreme Court? For a Constitutional lawyer, Obama sure does have a difficult time understanding how our laws work President Barack Obama s executive action to shield millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation suffered a legal setback on Monday with an appeal to the Supreme Court now the administration s only option.The 2-1 decision by the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans to uphold a May injunction deals a blow to Obama s plan, opposed by Republicans and challenged by 26 states.The Obama administration has said it is within its rights to ask the Department of Homeland Security to use discretion before deporting nonviolent migrants with U.S. family ties.The case has become the focal point of the Democratic president s efforts to change U.S. immigration policy.Seeing no progress on legislative reform in Congress, Obama announced last November he would take executive action to help immigrants. He has faced criticism from Republicans who say the program grants amnesty to lawbreakers.In its ruling, the appeals court said it was denying the government s appeal to stay the May injunction  after determining that the appeal was unlikely to succeed on its merits. Republicans hailed the ruling as a victory against the Obama administration.John Scalise, the No. 3 Republican in the House of Representatives, said in a Twitter message that the court decision was  a major victory for the rule of law. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said in a statement the ruling meant the state, which has led the legal challenge,  has secured an important victory to put a halt to the president s lawlessness. Via: Reuters",0
21352,BREAKING: Dartmouth Tells College Republicans Auditorium “not open to presidential candidates” For Trump Event…But Okay For Hillary Event Tomorrow,"In your face progressivism They re not even attempting to hide it anymore. I m starting to believe these radical colleges and universities are wearing their glaring hypocrisy like a badge of honor Despite refusing to grant permission to the College Republicans to host presidential candidate Donald Trump in the school s largest auditorium in September, on the grounds that the space was not open to presidential candidates, Dartmouth College is now permitting Hillary Clinton to speak in the location this Tuesday.Dartmouth College, an Ivy League school located in rural New Hampshire, has hosted many Republican and Democratic presidential candidates this election cycle in a variety of indoor and outdoor spaces across campus. Over Dartmouth s summer term, Hillary Clinton drew a crowd of around 850 spectators at an outdoor venue. This is a prime example of the school attempting to insert their bias onto the student population.  -Trump Campaign Tweet ThisMichelle Knesbach, a junior at Dartmouth and president of the school s College Republicans chapter, told Campus Reform that the College Republicans began to invite candidates to campus after New Hampshire s  First in the Nation  event, where members of the group had the opportunity to meet the candidates and their staff in person. We discussed opportunities for Donald Trump to come up to Dartmouth. We got to the point where it looked like we had a date set for September 30,  Knesbach stated.While previous candidates had drawn sizable crowds when they visited Dartmouth, students and Trump staffers anticipated the need for a much larger space than the other candidates had used. The only space that could fit the anticipated 800 people, Spaulding Auditorium, is located in Dartmouth s Hopkins Center for the Arts, a large building that is home to a number of performance spaces and many of the school s arts programs.Knesbach explained that,  knowing that Donald Trump was going to get a huge crowd, I asked for Spaulding Auditorium in an email to Laura LaMontagne, an events facilitator, around mid-August. I was told that it was a possibility, and we looked at availability. We were initially told, via email, that there might be a possibility of using Spaulding. Shortly thereafter, Knesbach and the College Republicans Vice President Charles Springer decided to expedite the process by going to see LaMontagne in person. Springer recalled that when they arrived to meet with her, they were joined by another college events staff member named Jim, who Campus Reform believes to be Jim Alberghini, the school s events manager. We were initially talking about using Spaulding as a venue for Trump,  Knesbach said,  Then they explained to us that Spaulding was managed by the Hopkins Center and generally only used for Hopkins Center events. Springer corroborated this statement saying,  [t]hey said that there were only very, very rare exceptions to this and that large expenses and bureaucratic drama were required to make the auditorium available for any event not run by the Hopkins Center. Knesbach explained that the administrators listed examples illustrating that they never allow presidential candidates to use the space. They told us that candidates like Howard Dean and Barack Obama could have filled up Spaulding but were not given the opportunity to use it,  Knesback said. Candidates never get Spaulding.  They said that word for word,  Springer reiterated.A series of email exchanges between Knesbach, college administrators, and the Trump campaign followed the in-person conversation. We told the Trump campaign that we could not secure Spaulding for a candidate event. Then they said that they couldn t visit because there was no indoor venue available that could seat at least 800 people,  said Knesbach,  I told the college via email that the Trump campaign required an indoor venue that could hold 800, and they replied that they could only offer us an outdoor location. As no space could be agreed upon, the Trump campaign decided to cancel its visit to Dartmouth College, choosing another New Hampshire location instead.This past Friday, Dartmouth College Democrats sent a campus-wide email advertising another campus visit by Hillary Clinton. Knesbach and Springer said they were taken aback when they learned of the event s location: Spaulding Auditorium.Despite the Clinton campaign claiming the speaking engagement to be an official campaign event, as evidenced by the screenshot above, Dartmouth s Director of Media Relations , Diana Lawrence, told Campus Reform that,  Spaulding is not available for rent by anyone, including political candidates. It is, however, available for use (through reservation) by campus groups holding College-sponsored events. Hillary Clinton s visit on Tuesday is an event sponsored by the Tuck School of Business as part of their presidential candidates  speakers series. Lawrence also pointed out that during the 2012 presidential election cycle Spaulding Auditorium was host to a Republican presidential debate; however thus far during the current election cycle no candidates have been granted access to the space.George Pataki, the former Republican governor of New York, and South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham have already spoken at Dartmouth as part of the America s Economic Future series, co-sponsored by the Tuck School of Business and the Nelson A. Rockefeller Center. Neither spoke at Spaulding Auditorium.A spokesperson for the Trump campaign told Campus Reform that the claims made by the College Republicans are completely accurate and that the campaign was  told Spaulding Auditorium would be off limits to all presidential candidates this election cycle. The spokesperson added that the Trump campaign believes  this is a prime example of the school attempting to insert their bias onto the student population.  Via: Campus Reform",0
21353,#WarOnChristmas: Starbucks Attempts To Capitalize On Christmas By Erasing Any Sign Of Christmas From “Red Cup”,"War on Christmas update: Some very clever people are asking you to join their campaign to remind Starbucks and their customers that Christmas is more than a red holiday!Social media has seized on the year-on-year stripping of Christmas-themed symbols from Starbucks  famous  Red Cups , with angry users tweeting #MerryChristmasStarbucks following a Breitbart London report on the company s  War on Christmas .When the coffee chain launched their 2015 seasonal cup design there was a marked difference from prior years, with no actual decoration being offered on the 2015 cups. The #RedCups press release described the cups as a  more open way to usher in the holiday. Breitbart London editor-in-chief Raheem Kassam broke the story last week, with CNN, the Huffington Post, the Telegraph, TIME magazine and others all following Breitbart s lead on the story of Christmas being eroded from the annually marketed Starbucks Christmas cups or  Red Cups. Members of the British Parliament, as well as Christian charities spoke out against the move, with Sir David Amess MP telling Breitbart London:  This is utter madness. Who was the idiot who thought this up? He should be sacked! Prior years have brandished illustrations from Christmas ornaments over evergreen tree branches to merry carolers and reindeer. Other years have been less obviously Christmas, but this year s offering bears zero illustrative reference to the Christmas season.Several stories have followed pondering the cultural  war on Christmas  and whether this year s Starbucks seasonal cups are indicative of a greater cultural cleansing of Christmas in the West.Some coffee shops haven t forgotten to remember Christmas is the reason we celebrate this season:#MerryChristmasStarbucks (from @DunkinDonuts this morning) pic.twitter.com/4I7IsDM5TQ  Michael Graham (@IAMMGraham) November 9, 2015Social media commenters indicated their disappointment with the naked design. In one video, customer Joshua Feuerstein suggested that customers give their name as  Merry Christmas  to add a measure of Christmas back in to their coffee drinking experience.Can I get a name for your cup? Sure. ""Merry Christmas"" #MerryChristmasStarbucks pic.twitter.com/lFgFASnBsi  Jay Carr (@Jay_Carr) November 6, 2015As the Red Cups story developed, #MerryChristmasStarbucks began trending on social media. Both those attempting to re-infuse Christmas into the season and those who refuse the idea of a cultural  war on Christmas  to those that just think the new design is simply  boring  have utilised the hashtag.Starbucks CEO Howard Schultz is no stranger to controversy and political correctness. One example is the company engaging in efforts to legalize homosexual marriage. In the wake of a boycott from a pro-traditional marriage group Schultz lashed back. At a shareholder s meeting in March 2013, Schultz proclaimed that a shareholder concerned with effects of the political endeavors on earnings could sell their shares. Via: Breitbart News",0
21354,You Wouldn’t Allow Someone To Abuse Your Child…So Why Do We Allow Climate Change Radicals To Target Them?," So, if the climate scare-mongers can t frighten the adults, the next logical step is to heap angst on their children who then frighten (or better, pester) the adults into action. You need to read this ENTIRE story and watch the video near the end of the page. Finally, the United Nations Environmental Programme is spending our money to come out with scary children s fairy tales about global warming. Sedena, the Mother of the Sea, is featured in the UN Environmental Programme s latest children s book on global warming entitled  Tore and the Town on Thin Ice . This book tells the story of a young boy named Tore who lives in a village in the Arctic and is upset when he loses a dog sled race. The Mother of the Sea appears in Tore s dream and informs him that the thinning ice, which caused his loss in the dog sled race, was due to man-made global warming. But that is nothing compared to what it is doing to the Mother of the Sea s own dominion and to all living creatures. She sends an owl, a polar bear, and a whale to scare poor Tore into thinking that they will become extinct during his lifetime and that  our world is melting  from climate changes, mostly caused by those bad people in  rich countries  who are spewing gases in the air from their  huge cars , air conditioners and the like. In the words of the whale, children like Tore should  get good and angry . The book ends with a so-called  facts  section, blaming climate change on the  Industrial Revolution in Europe and North America  and singling out the United States in particular for its contribution to the production of  carbon dioxide added by humans.  It claims that  climate change will hit the poorer countries hardest  while at the same time saying that New York along with other coastal areas  could disappear beneath the waves. A psychotherapist, a true believer in the Climate Church, nevertheless argues that children should not be targeted by the climate activists   it is not good for the children and it is not good for the cause. I wish she could also see that her cause is a phony one, but I m glad she is against harming children in the name of it:Climate change community groups often want to work with children.  We must get into the schools,  says someone and there is a nod of agreement. It s worth thinking about the psychology behind this. Why is this idea so appealing? And why is it so damaging?The appeal is clear. It s fun working with children: they re responsive, creative and willing. And it s certainly easier than working with white-van-man, frequent fliers or the oil industry. The reasons given for working with children are usually two-fold:We need to influence them while they are young. If they understand the issue and the effect of their actions, they will grow up finding it natural to care for the environment. It s a good way of getting to their parents. Who can resist their child pleading with them to change the lightbulbs because it will save a polar bear?Both reasons are suspect. The first reason assumes that instruction   at best participatory, at worst didactic   is the route either to action or to the inculcation of positive values towards the environment. There is little evidence for this. We know that information based campaigns have a limited impact with adults, so why should we expect children to be different? As for values   these tend to be formed through experience, relationship, identification and social systems, not through information. If the school has an influence on values it will be through its culture, ethos and the relationships and experiences it offers not through the information it provides.Both reasons also raise direct ethical questions. It is easy to engage the sympathies of children with stories of damage to the natural world and images of suffering animals they will identify with. But children have very little power. Of all the sections of society who might make an impact on climate change, they have the least influence, the least agency, the least leverage. There is a real risk of raising levels of anxiety amongst children that will not only cause distress in the immediate term but will in the long term lead to those children turning against the environmental causes we hoped they might espouse.When I was 10 a speaker came to my school and told us about food shortages and starvation in the third world. I rushed home and explained to my parents that we needed to grow more food. I couldn t understand why they wouldn t accede to my idea of banding together with the neighbours and turning all our back gardens into a corn field. I was left haunted by images of dying children, guilt at my good fortune and the anxiety that feeds on powerlessness. In adolescence I became determinedly indifferent to the appeals from 3rd world charities. As an adult I have continued to find them difficult to relate to.We need to ask   what happens to the child whose parents are indifferent to their attempts to get them to act? What happens to the child who is overwhelmed by stories of disasters he or she cannot influence?But the deeper question is   why are adults so keen to focus on children? Why concentrate on the weakest, least influential members of society and ask them to act?Got kids? Watched as they ve been indoctrinated   sorry, I mean educated   about global warming over the last decade? Then you ll know what I mean. They come home from school moodily depressed about the future of our planet and, of course, what that means for their own lives. What s the point? We re all doomed! Why study? Why bother getting an education? It s futile. Sea levels are rising. Temperatures are soaring. Soon we ll all be living in a polluted hell-hole constantly battling the equivalent of the Queensland floods or the Victorian bushfires year upon year. And you want me to waste what precious time I have left studying accountancy? It s called nihilism, and it s even more terrifying to witness in your teenage children than hickeys, drunkenness, truancy, insolence, idleness, bad marks or bullying. Nihilism, or the conviction that life on Earth is totally pointless, saps the young of their energy, their ambition, and their will to strive, struggle and triumph.  Extract from an online article by Rowan Dean, 17 August 2011.A postgraduate student in Oxford gets it  This should be a wake-up call for all the purveyors of the  politics of fear . Children are, naturally, relatively powerless and likely to feel overwhelmed by the challenges facing mankind. But as adults, we should have a greater sense of our own collective power to master problems and build better societies. Not only does jumping from one panic to another, each with disastrous consequences   mobile phone radiation, BSE, SARS, crime, paedophilia, terrorism, bird flu, global warming   diminish our own sense of agency, by turning childhood dreams of utopia into nightmarish visions of the future it is teaching the citizens of the future all the wrong lessons. This is one of the best videos we have seen on  climate change.  There are 5 parts to this series. This is Part 1:An excellent, easy to understand piece about the TRUTH surrounding phony climate cooling, warming, change:The pollution resulting from the rapid uncontrolled post-war industrial expansion spawned two environmentalist movements. One group primarily composed of physical scientists and engineers set about to directly address the pollution problems by developing facilities and legislative controls that have to date virtually eliminated industrial contamination of soil, water and air.A second group primarily composed of activists with little or no physical science background did nothing but protest against industry without ever having addressed a single environmental problem for which they created a solution.While the physical scientists and engineers worked quietly with industry solving the environmental problems, the ideology driven environmentalist activists, used dramatic alarmist rhetoric to gain media control and have become a dominant political force capable of forcing their self-serving ideologies on the general public with impunity.The Earth entered a cooling phase in 1942, and by 1970 the environmentalists found a way to blame this cooling on industrial expansion. The concept was that particulate matter from fossil fuel usage was blocking energy from the sun giving this cooling effect. This concept was incorporated as a parameter in the crude climate models of the time, and the predictions from models run by James Hansen in 1971 projected fifty years of further cooling from the increased use of fossil fuels.Only four years later, and in spite of the continued increase in fossil fuel usage global cooling came to an end, proving that the models did not have a proper physical basis for relating fossil fuel usage to global cooling.By 1988, after 13 years of global warming the ideological environmentalists developed a new tact for blaming fossil fuels. The British Government had embarked on a political campaign to promote their nuclear industry and attack the powerful coal unions by creating alarmist scenarios of  runaway global warming  resulting from CO2 produced by coal and other fossil fuels. This was entirely political in nature with absolutely no scientific backing, but it did make the perfect weapon for the environmentalists to promote their anti energy (and anti humanity) ideology. All that was needed was some scientific justification.As was done in 1971, climate models which were now far more sophisticated provided the science backing. Instead of blaming fossil fuels for blocking incoming solar radiation, the models removed this parameter and replaced it with a newly contrived parameter that now related global warming to the effect of fossil fuel sourced CO2 on the outgoing thermal radiation from the Earth.This model also produced by James Hansen, projected warming for the next century because of the fossil fuel CO2 emissions that were increasing at a continued accelerated rate. As with the 1971 model, the 1988 model was proven to be false when global warming ended after 1998 even as CO2 emissions continued to rise at unprecedented rates. To make matters worse since 2002, the Earth has been cooling making all of the projections clearly in the wrong direction.By even the most basic standards of ethical science, models that first predict cooling from fossil fuel usage that are discredited just four years later when warming occurs with increased usage, and then predict warming from fossil fuel usage and are again discredited ten years later as cooling reoccurs with increased usage, would be declared absolutely invalid; but when ideology is involved science protocol is totally abandoned.Impact 2009As a result of the alarmist predictions of the 1988 climate models of Hansen, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) was formed under the auspices of the United Nations. This body was given a science mandate to investigate the possibility of human effects on climate to determine if the projections of Hansen were valid.The true nature of the IPCC was not that of a science based body, but that of a political body to give scientific legitimacy to false alarmist predictions in order to meet a political self serving environmentalist agenda. Since its inception, the IPCC has used its position of authority to promote its agenda to the detriment of science and even more importantly to the detriment of the global population.From 1997 to 1998 the average global temperature increased by over half a degree C and from 1998 to 1999 the average global temperature fell by over half a degree C. This was due to an extraordinary el Ni o and has nothing to do with either the greenhouse effect or CO2 emissions (CO2 emissions increased from 24.0gt/y in 1997 to 24.2gt/y in 1998 to 24.4gt/y in 1999).An honest scientific body would have made some sort of statement to this effect, but the IPCC in their 2001 Third Assessment Report and particularly in their Summary for Policy Makers for this report not only made no mention of the fact that from 1998 to 1999 the Earth cooled more than it had ever cooled during the entire global temperature record, but emphatically stated that from 1997 to 1998 the Earth had warmed more than it ever had.This is an absolute violation of science ethics because the policy makers were purposely misinformed with alarmist rhetoric. This same 2001 report also stated that the observed global warming for the past century which they stated was attributable to CO2 emissions was measured at 0.60 C + 0.20 C. This is only 0.006 C per year making the el Ni o temperature spike over eighty times greater than what the IPCC stated was attributable to CO2 emissions, so it is clear that this was stated for the purpose of politically motivated alarmism and not to properly convey information in a scientifically justified manner.The 2001 IPCC report also included the infamous MBH98  Hockey Stick  temperature proxy which used physical temperature measurement data up to and including 1998 which gave the alarmist impression of twice the 20th century warming because 1999 was not included.The Hockey Stick graph became the pivotal evidence that convinced governments around the world to ratify the Kyoto Protocol, that has resulted in such detrimental effects to the global population and global economy.In this regard the el Ni o temperature spike of 1998 may be considered the most significant climate event in recent history, and when one considers the hundreds of millions of the world s poorest people starving because of Kyoto biofuel initiatives that has literally taken their food away and made it into  Kyoto friendly  fuel, this el Ni o might also be considered the most tragic climate event as well.Through diligence and hard work physical scientists were able to correct most of the environmental problems that had been created through industrialization, but there is no scientific effort capable of undoing the damage caused to the global population by the ideological environmentalists. This issue is now out of the hands of the scientists and the only salvation for the global population is the media who must readopt their lost journalistic integrity and expose the true nature of this global fraud.",0
21355,COMMUNISM 101: CA School District Bans All Drawings Of Religious Figures…What Prompted The Ban Is Even More Disturbing,"We certainly don t want to do anything that might offend the Muslim faith. By all means, America should do whatever Islam dictates it s the politically correct thing to do right?A California school district announced last week a ban on the drawing of religious figures after a parent complained about a class assignment in which students were directed to draw the Islamic prophet Muhammad.The task was part of a 7th-grade history worksheet,  Vocabulary Pictures: The Rise of Islam,  at High Desert School in Acton, according to the Los Angeles Daily News. Muslims are forbidden from drawing Muhammad, and threats from Islamic terrorist groups have largely ended the practice among non-Muslims as well. I have directed all staff to permanently suspend the practice of drawing or depiction of any religious leader,  Acton-Agua Dulce Unified School District Superintendent Brent Woodard told the Daily News in a text message on Wednesday.  I am certain this teacher did not intend to offend anyone and,in fact, was simply teaching respect and tolerance for all cultures. Melinda Van Stone said she complained to the school when her 12-year-old son brought the assignment home in October. Van Stone would not tell the Daily News what religion she or her son practiced. It s not appropriate to have our children go to school and learn how to insult a religious group,  Van Stone said.High Desert School Principal Lynn David said the worksheet was not part of a textbook, but came from supplemental material. David said Van Stone was the only parent to complain about the assignment.Drawing Muhammad has become a deadly gambit. Islamic terrorists killed 11 and wounded 11 others in an attack on the satirical French newspaper Charlie Hebdo in January. Those responsible perpetrated the bloodbath because of the paper s numerous illustrations of Muhammad. Four months later, two Islamic gunmen were shot and killed outside of a Muhammad cartoon contest in Texas. The duo had planned a massacre of the contest s participants. Via: FOX News",0
21356,RADICAL NY Attorney General Cracking Down On Conservatism…Working To Make Opposing The Left A Crime,"Lois Lerner s criminal behavior with the IRS targeting of conservatives was just a test run Here s a little reminder for anyone who doesn t believe that what the left really wants is a totalitarian state in which opposition to its agenda is a crime.New York s Attorney General Eric Schneiderman is extreme even by left-wing standards. He s a radical who ran by promising that violent racist thug Al Sharpton would have an  annex  in Albany if he won.Now Schneiderman and a few left-wing congressmembers have come up with a great idea. Charge Exxon with securities fraud for not  disclosing  the risks of Global Warming.Whether on not any charges happen, this is a foot in the door for an agenda list that goes well beyond Global Warming.After energy companies that aren t paying protection money to Al Gore, gun manufacturers can be hit with charges for not  disclosing the risks  of gun violence. Private prisons can be hit for not disclosing the risks of failing to back sentencing reforms. Educational companies can be hit with charges for not disclosing the risks of not adopting Common Core.Basically any company that disagrees with a left-wing policy can be hit with civil and criminal charges. It helps if the company, like Exxon, at one point employed kooks who claimed the sky was falling. But that just makes the case easier. If the executives disagree with a left-wing policy, it s securities fraud.Under this standard, it becomes child s play to cut off conservative organization from any corporate funding. Furthermore, conservative organizations would be muzzled by extension. Funding organizations and people that dissent from the left would be  fraud . Because that is what this is really about.Global Warming is the testbed for making leftist ideology mandatory. Manufacture a fake consensus, then use the law to make it mandatory.Then there can be a pseudo-scientific consensus on a variety of issues, such as the need for higher taxes, and a crackdown on anyone who disagrees.Since there s money in pursuing charges like this, and since the best way to get the left off your back is to give their political allies money, this is robbery for tyranny. And that s how the left does business.This is where the left has always been headed. This is a totalitarian movement. Via: Front Page Magazine",0
21357,‘TOLERANT LEFT’ FIRE-BOMBS Anti-Migration Member’s Car…Attack Houses In Germany,"A high profile, anti-mass migration Member of the European Parliament has had her office attacked by left wing radical thugs in Berlin, just under two weeks after her car was firebombed.Beatrix von Storch MEP, a member of the Alternative fur Deutschland (AfD) party which held a massive demonstration against German Chancellor Angela Merkel s immigration policies yesterday. This is the second attack on Ms. von Storch in just over a week.According to Die Welt, Mrs. von Storch s office was pelted with paint bombs and rocks in the overnight attack. The state protection office has begun an investigation into the incident.In a previous attack, Ms. von Storch s car was fire-bombed by opponents angry at her criticism of Berlin and Brussels in relation to the ongoing European migrant crisis. Two neighbouring cars were also destroyed in that arson attack in a densely populated residential area in the middle of Berlin.Good morning from Berlin where the row over refugees deepens. Asylum activist attacked house of #AfD's von Storch. pic.twitter.com/QmAc1PFpwP  Holger Zschaepitz (@Schuldensuehner) November 8, 2015Ms. von Storch, 45, is the Duchess of Oldenburg, a distant relative of the Duke of Edinburgh, who trained as a lawyer and spent 10 years as an insolvency specialist before entering politics.As Breitbart London has reported, her eurosceptic AfD party campaigns against mass migration and stands on a  more children for German families  platform.After coming close to entering the German parliament soon after its founding in 2013, AfD won seats in last year s European Parliament elections where it sits in the European Conservatives and Reformists Group alongside British Conservative Party MEPs.It then won representation in five German state assemblies after widening its appeal with populist positions on law and order, immigration and traditional social values. Via: Breitbart News",0
21358,SAY WHAT? Legally Blind Barber Wins $100K In “Discrimination” Lawsuit Against Employer For Wrongful Termination,"Because everyone wants to pay to have their hair cut by a blind barber! Joel Nixon is a barber. He loves cutting hair and takes great pride in what he does.But when he found out he had Retinitis Pigmentosa and was going blind, his boss decided to let him go. You don t want a blind man cutting your hair, right?I guess not because after he was fired, Nixon sued and was awarded $100,000 by the State of Massachusetts because firing him was discrimination. The Boston Herald reports:He was working for Tony s Barber Shop in Norton in 2011, but a year later his boss, Tony Morales, discovered his malady, according to the decision by the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination.On March 3, 2012, Nixon was working at the shop s South Easton location when he tripped over a customer s legs. Later in the day, he tripped over a chair in the waiting room. Morales told him to pack up his things and get his wife to take him home,  the MCAD hearing officer wrote.  (Nixon) understood that his employment was being terminated. Things fell apart for Nixon after that, he said. He couldn t find a job nearby, and his wife had a high-risk pregnancy that made it difficult for him to work far from home. He was unemployed for three years, his condo went into foreclosure, and he was forced to apply for food stamps and went to charities for Christmas gifts, he said.He s moving his family to a small apartment tomorrow. Nixon also deals with the lingering possibility he may lose his sight forever. I could wake up someday and be completely blind, but my goal is to have a nice home with a nice backyard for my son,  Nixon said, fighting back tears.  I ve never been to Disneyland, and I want to take him. I want to take him before I lose my vision. I m trying to do the best I can. MCAD awarded Nixon $75,000 in lost wages and $25,000 for emotional distress in a decision made public yesterday.Morales, who did not appear at numerous hearings and parted ways with an attorney who was supposed to help him, said Nixon s entire story is a lie. He said Nixon was an independent contractor, wasn t able to carry his weight when he was with his shop and wasn t a licensed barber. It s a bunch of lies. It s sad that people like Joel try to take advantage of their situation and create false accusations,  Morales said, adding that he would hire an attorney and appeal the decision.  All of this is false accusations. Morales no longer owns the Norton shop, but still runs the South Easton business.An instructor who taught Nixon how to cut hair at the Massachusetts School of Barbering said he was happy to hear that his former pupil came away from the MCAD hearing victorious. He was a nice kid,  said Chuck Russian, the school s co-director.  We were a little concerned when he said he was legally blind, but he did the work, passed the course and passed the state board exam. Nixon said he learned how to cut hair from his mother while growing up, using a set of clippers the family bought at Wal-Mart. He fell in love with the trade,  and it became my life s calling.  Now, his clients ask for him by name. I have a following,  he said.  My clients call me the  Blind Barber.  Via: DownTrend",0
21359,"LEFTIST Resentment Peddler, Larry David (Net Worth $800 Million) Claims $5K Prize For Calling Trump A “Racist”","And why wouldn t he? The leftist comedy writer/actor with a net worth of $800 million, probably needs the money to feed all of the illegal aliens who live with him. Even though we don t have any proof that he has illegal aliens living with him, we re pretty sure every celebrity who speaks out against those who want to close our borders and deport illegals must be taking some personal responsibility for their welfare Right? Not likely Comedian Larry David is going to be picking up a $5,000 bounty for calling billionaire businessman and GOP presidential contender Donald Trump a  racist  on national TV.Earlier in the week, the DEPLORABLE group DeportRacism.com PAC offered a $5,000 reward to anyone who called Trump a racist on-air during Saturday Night Live.During the show s opening monologue   with Trump flanked by cast members Taran Killiam and Darrell Hammond both made up as Trump   David heckled the blustery businessman from offstage, repeatedly yelling,  You re a racist. Trump s a racist. Asked by Trump why he was doing it, David replied,  I heard if I yelled that, they d give me $5000. Despite being written as part of the opening, DeportRacism is making good on their promise. Via: Raw StoryAccording to a press release issued before the show was broadcast on the west coast, Luke Montgomery, campaign director for DeportRacism, said the PAC was  excited  to award the money to David.Here is a great piece entitled: Larry David Curbs His Enthusiasm:You may know Larry David as the writer and producer from Seinfeld. You may know him from Curb Your Enthusiasm. After his most recent New York Times piece, you ll know him as the guy who curbed his intelligence on liberalism:There is a God! It passed! The Bush tax cuts have been extended two years for the upper bracketeers, of which I am a proud member, thank you very much. I m the last person in the world I d want to be beside, but I am beside myself! This is a life changer, I tell you. A life changer!To begin with, I was planning a trip to Cabo with my kids for Christmas vacation. We were going to fly coach, but now with the money I m saving in taxes, I m going to splurge and bump myself up to first class. First class! Somebody told me they serve warm nuts up there, and call you  mister.  I might not get off the plane!The first rule of Fight Club is you never talk about Fight Club. The first rule for the Wealthy Elitist Liberal Club is you always talk about your money. The second? Find a way to feign indignation that the federal government isn t confiscating more of your earnings, without ever mentioning that there s nothing stopping you from turning it over to Uncle Sam.Larry David s Thanks for the Tax Cuts! is based on the false premise that  the rich  is a homogenous group of artists, namely successful Hollywood actors, writers, and producers who occupy their spare time on liberal guilt trips (wealthy Republicans don t count, as Hollywood liberals classify them as monsters).Larry would rather not think about the countless Subchapter S corporations and small mom and pop businesses that benefit from tax cuts because their success is rooted in creating widgets, gadgets, and services the world finds useful; his came about because he s sharp with sex jokes and awkward situations.Americans  naturally do not begrudge someone for their success because the track record for the United States is stellar when it comes to upward economic mobility. Hard work, patience, sound judgment, and a pleasant demeanor tends to take Americans pretty far, which is why they need to be prompted to believe  the rich  boogeyman is out to get them. Smug, self-loathing Hollywood types like Larry David play the part well:This tax cut just might save my life. Who said Republicans don t support health care? I m going to have the blueberries with my cereal, and I m not talking Special K. Those days are over. It s nothing but real granola from now on. The kind you get in the plastic bins in health food stores. Did someone say  organic ?Everyone already knows Larry has enough disposable income to fill his swimming pool with blueberries, just for a giggle, if he wanted. However, the point of Thanks for the Tax Cuts! was to let readers know that higher tax rates would be a pittance to him and his friends. The point is to rub readers  noses in trips to Cabo and expensive organic foods they can t afford, in order to stoke the flames of class warfare liberalism needs to survive.It s not working, Larry. See the recent election results for more details.Americans are getting wise to resentment peddlers who seek to tax you until the day you die before taxing you and the gifts you sought to pass on to family, one more time as Rigor mortis kicks in. They know that it isn t the successful entrepreneurs and businessmen hurting the future prospects of a great nation, but Washington politicians addicted to kamikaze entitlement spending and private property power grabs.The liberal comedian Wanda Sykes once called Larry David Ass Man. After witnessing him try to sell tax hikes by inducing resentment, I couldn t agree more.Watch Larry David call Donald Trump a  racist  during the Saturday Night Live show that crushed the ratings.  It s likely one of the high points in his career. What Larry David may not be able to comprehend in his narrow little world, is that if it weren t for Donald Trump agreeing to host SNL, no one would have even bothered to watch the dying show. Larry David should be thanking Donald for allowing him to appear on the same stage, instead of walking away from the show smugly pretending he had anything at all to do with the show s astronomical ratings.",0
21360,GERMAN OFFICIAL WARNS OF CIVIL WAR BETWEEN MUSLIMS AND NON-MUSLIMS: “somewhere at the edge of anarchy and sliding towards civil war”,"How did any EU official think their country could survive an invasion of millions of mostly military age un-checked Muslim men? Did they really believe these men would assimilate in their countries and respect the faith of Germany s Christian citizens? A German official named Hansjoerg Mueller, of the Alternative for Germany party, said that because of Merkel s open door policy allowing the floods of Muslim immigrants the country is  sliding towards anarchy  and risks becoming a  banana republic without any government . He also said that it will push the nation to civil war. The official said:Germany now is somewhere at the edge of anarchy and sliding towards civil war, or to become a banana republic without any government.Eight thousands people in Germany took to the streets holding Christian crosses to express their rage at Islamic evil.I honestly cannot think of a more beautiful image than that of the Holy Cross. In the Holy Cross all worry is destroyed, all that one can see is justice, for on the Cross Justice Himself was persecuted, and He prevailed over all, for He is All, and in Him, all can can find resurrection.Christianity has been so corrupted into a weak country club, that it is my obligation to teach the true strength of the Faith.But the problem in the West is not Islam, nor is it Muslims. These are merely a symptom to a greater disease, and that is the toleration of evil ideas and beliefs and the decimation of Christian supremacy. Look to the forgotten wilderness, and what do you see? Old churches and monasteries from bygone days, from a time behind our own eyes. You can touch such an era with the finger of the mind, and you will see the hand of God in history. Old Crosses still stand in the cold meadows and on the highest mountain peaks, because the Faith assails the summits, and its icons can be gazed upon adjacent to the raze of the horizon, with fiery hues that burn our souls and ignite the flames of hope within us. For Christ is Hope, glimmering in the abyss of hopelessness; He is like an aura on the night sky, only if you try to grasp Him, You will see light greater than the luminaries of the darkest hour. Old monasteries are found on the edge of the loftiest cliffs, bringing hope to a humanity on the edge of the cliff of order, about to fall into the ocean of disorder and confusion.The beauties of the Faith are so great that they will take one s mind to ecstasy, just by contemplating on all of the wonders of the flower of Christendom. The flower of Christ s empire sails passed the autumn winds, and lands on the seas; the waters ripple and rage, the waves split open and the anger roars, buts the pedals of this illustrious bloom emanate an aroma that makes the waters sweet. Bitterness dies, and the sweet smell and the pleasant sight of this flower gracefully floating above the most malicious waves, is the image of order; it brings illumination to those who hate chaos, and it provokes viciousness from those who love death and destruction. This is the state of Christendom when she has faith in Christ. When the flower of Christendom cleaves unto the Holy Cross, this is when she receives the sweetness of peace,  Not as the world gives do I give to you.  (John 14:27) For when Moses cleaved unto God and cried for His help, the Lord of Heaven showed him a holy tree, and from this sacred wood,  the waters were made sweet  (Exodus 15:25). And so when Christendom accepts the Holy Cross, she too will have its sweetness.Peter stood upon the waters, for in that moment he had faith. When the waters roared and raged, and its waves arose aloft, this flower of the Faith was afraid, and he sunk. The beautiful pedals that so embellished the waters was now overpowered. But as soon as he cried,  Lord, save me , the Holy One embraced him, and the flower of Christendom now hovered above the waters. The state of Christendom is that it is now under the waters, drowning, and it is about to die. The abysmal spirits crawl all over her, possessing people and pushing them to grab ahold of the flower and keep under the water.FOR ENTIRE STORY: Shoebat",0
21361,BOOM! Ben Carson Eviscerates Rabid Media Over West Point Accusations…Demands Answers For Why They Didn’t Look Into Obama’s Past [VIDEO],"Ben Carson s professional but hard hitting approach with the progressive media is a breath of fresh air. The Republican party should have been taking it to the media for years. It s really kind of sad that it took this long for the men and women in our party to fight back against their leftist agenda The American people are waking up to your games https://youtu.be/m7X-QOSn0TwListen here to brilliant analysis of attacks by media of Dr. Ben Carson, followed up by an awesome interview with Carson:Another example of the media (in this case CNN) attempting to disparage Carson: ",0
21362,TEXAS DAYCARE WORKERS FIRED For Refusing To Call A Little Girl With Two Male Parents A “Boy”,"The gay mafia has hijacked pretty much aspect of our lives. They apparently won t be happy until every trace of gender identity has been erased. When will Americans start fighting back? Two daycare workers have been fired for refusing to go along with the center s transgender agenda. Madeline Kirksey, one of the workers who is an author of a Christian book, says her religious liberty rights have been violated. The two were fired after refusing to call a little girl a boy.The two male parents of a six-year-old little girl told employees at the school to refer to their daughter as a boy, and to call her by a new masculine name. The little girl s hair had also been cut like a boy s.Kirksey told Breitbart Texas in an interview, that the problem was not so much with the transgender issue as it was with telling young children that the little girl was a boy when she was not, and with calling her  John  (not the name given) when that was not her name.She, and another worker who does not want to be identified, were fired from the Childrens  Lighthouse Learning Center in Katy, Texas, a city just west of Houston.The school distributed guidelines to the teachers called  How to Handle Transgender Students.  The printed guidelines were obtained from the internet and can be read at this link.The guidelines and the instructions given the teachers included six rules, one of which was  Help defend their dignity.  Another, was to  Educate yourself and your students.  The Christian worker said she did not believe it  was our job,  to thrust the issue on the small children of other parents. She said the school should not force their beliefs on the children, or on her, or upon other parents.The author of the Christian book,  In Pursuit of the Promise,  said the other children should not be exposed at such an early age to the issue of transgender or  gender identity,  and felt that the two male parents were imposing the issue on their little girl. I don t think we should be talking to other people s children who are under the age of 18 about being transgender,  Kirksey said in an interview with Fox26 in Houston. Both of the fired workers agreed on this point.Kirksey said that prior to this happening, she had been commended for the good work that she was doing at the school. After she refused to call the little girl by her new masculine name, and to tell the other children to do so, and to say that the little girl was a little boy, the daycare worker was written-up for alleged infractions that she did not believe were based in reality. She has worked at the school for over a year.The fired worker notified Child Protective Services that the little girl was being told that she is now a little boy. She believes that it is up to professionals to determine if the little girl is just confused, or if the new gender is being forced upon the little girl.Kirksey says sometimes the little girl refers to herself as a little boy, and sometimes she tells the other children to not call her a boy or to refer to her by her masculine name.The Childrens  Lighthouse in Katy is just one of the school franchise s that are all over the country. The company is based in Fort Worth and according to its website, there are 37 learning centers in seven states. The school cares for children ages six weeks to twelve years old. Via: Breitbart News ",0
21363,[VIDEO] CARLY TAKES ON THE VIEW Hacks Only Days After Saying She Has A “Demented Face” And A “Halloween Mask”,"So, if the hosts on this show are just  comedians,  does that mean the low information voters who follow them will stop taking these hacks so seriously? Friday on ABC s  The View,  Republican presidential candidate and former CEO of Hewlett-Packard Carly Fiorina fought toe to toe with the co-hosts over their comments disparaging her face as demented  and a  Halloween Mask. After small talk, Whoopi Goldberg brought up the subject saying,  How about humor? I m going the bring it up because there are going to be lots of comics saying lots of things. I wondered, because we saw some of the that you were a little upset with us about a comic comment that was made. And so, how will you steel your skin? How will you get a thicker skin to accept some of the humorous things that will be said about you? Fiorina said,  Well, hey, if you meant your comment about my face being demented and a Halloween mask as humorous, so be it. I guess you misinterpreted Donald Trump s questions. I have a real thick skin. Joy Behar said,  I defended you against Donald Trump s comment. He s running for president of the United States and he was making a nasty comment about your looks. I took him on. On this show, but, we are comedians here. I make fun of Hillary s pantsuits. Hillary s husband s sex life. Rep. John Boehner s tan. Who else? I don t understand why any politician is exempt from my jokes. Here s the clip from Carly s awesome interview:Fiorina answered,  You know what, Joy. You know what, Joy? You can say whatever you want. You always have. You always will. I m not going to stop that. And don t worry, I have skin plenty thick enough to the take whatever people throw at me. I m making a different point. The different point is this. I think that there are real issues in this nation that we ought to be able to discuss in a fact-based, civil fashion. Michelle Collins said,  I want to add that the demented comment was a poor choice of words. It was responding to something you said during the debates. That people were telling you the smile more. To me, it felt like it was not your natural state of mind. It was not on your looks, it was on your expression. It felt like you were being told to smile more. I m wondering, is that difficult for you? Do you have people coaching you to act or be a different way? Will that help you win the election? Fiorina shot back,  First of all, I don t have people coaching me to act a different way or be a different way. There s a time to smile and a time to be serious. When you re talking about burying a child, it s not time to smile. There are serous issues facing the nation. Goldberg said,  We had you here. I thought we were pretty respectful. I have to tell you, having watched some of the press that you have garnered based on this fake feud with  The View,  I m a little taken aback. Because you kind of said that that somehow liberal women are that we re made uncomfortable by conservative women. We were not uncomfortable with you. Did you think we were uncomfortable with you when you were on? Fiorina said,  First of all, Whoopi. I enjoyed being on the show. The first time. and I m enjoying being on the show the second time. And I think  The View  garnered a lot of publicity over the feud as well. I think that s why we re on. Goldberg said,   We haven t put out any ads or anything. Fiorina said,  I haven t put out any ads either, Whoopi. Via: Breitbart News ",0
21364,MICHELLE OBAMA’S Middle East Speech: Compares Her Oppressive Childhood To Muslim Girls Living Under Sharia Law [VIDEO],"Michelle Obama received $70 million dollars from the feds for her pet project to promote eduction for girls. It s really a front and slush fund for her escapades to Europe, Asia and now the wealthy Middle East Traveling the world on taxpayer dollars is what Mooch does best. This time she s outdone herself with the idiocy of speaking to a radical Muslim group about how bad she had it as a kid in America when these radical Muslims don t think twice about Sharia law and the horror that brings for little girls. What a fool!The First Lady is supposed to be a representative of America and shine a light on the good work we re doing around the world. Michelle Obama can t help but repeatedly bash America and especially slam the status quo in American culture. After all, she did say we need to change our traditions.So here s the latest on her America bashing in the Middle East while on the taxpayer s dime:First Lady Michelle Obama is in Qatar this week for a summit sponsored by a state-controlled foundation that is known for operating mosques that have welcomed extremist clerics, according to a range of sources.Obama is in Qatar a country under congressional scrutiny for its financing of terrorists through the end of the week to attend the country s World Innovation Summit for Education, an annual educational conference sponsored by the Qatar Foundation, which has been marred in controversy due to its ongoing hosting of radical clerics.Founded and run by the former Qatari emir s wife, Sheikha Mozah, the Qatar Foundation houses six satellite campuses owned by American universities and other Western schools at a site outside Doha known as Education City.At its mosque there, the Foundation has welcomed multiple radical clerics in the past several months, prompting criticism from some who accuse the charity of quietly promoting terrorism.One cleric who recently spoke at the mosque, Omar Abdelkafi, has mocked the killings of French satirical writers at Charlie Hebdo, calling the terrorist act  the sequel to the comedy film of 9/11.  Another maintained that  Jews and their helpers must be destroyed. The ongoing appearance of these clerics at the foundation s mosque has raised questions about the Obama administration s endorsement of the charity, which has strived to maintain international legitimacy.Read more: WFBObama addressed the foundation on Wednesday:Michelle Obama went to Qatar to give a speech on girls education. There, the first lady of the United States complained about growing up as a girl in America. Back when I was a girl, even though I was bright and curious and I had plenty of opinions of my own, people were often more interested in hearing what my brother had to say. And my parents didn t have much money; neither of them had a university degree. So when I got to school, I sometimes encountered teachers who assumed that a girl like me wouldn t be a good student. I was even told that I would never be admitted to a prestigious university, so I shouldn t even bother to apply,  Obama said at the Qatar National Convention Center in Doha.  Like so many girls across the globe, I got the message that I shouldn t take up too much space in this world. That I should speak softly and rarely. That I should have modest ambitions for my future. That I should do what I was told and not ask too many questions. But I was lucky, because I had parents who believed in me, who had big dreams for me. They told me, don t ever listen to those who doubt you. They said, just work harder to prove them wrong.  And that s what I did. I went to school. I worked hard. I got good grades. I got accepted to top universities. I went on to become a lawyer, a city government employee, a hospital executive, and  - the most important job I ve ever had  - a mother to two beautiful girls.  Obama did say that the U.S. has made progress.  And as I moved forward, so did my country. In each generation, brave women and men fought to end gender discrimination in the workplace, to pass tougher laws against rape and domestic abuse, to ensure equal access to education for women. And while we still have work to do to achieve full economic, political equality for women in the U.S., today, nearly 60 percent of American university students are women. And as for the law school at Harvard University  - which I actually got my law degree   the Dean of the school is now a woman, as are half the students.  Here s a bit from Michelle Obama s speech: ",0
21365,"ILLEGAL ALIENS DEMAND NEW BILL OF RIGHTS: To Include Citizenship, End Arrests And Free Health Care","Sounds great how about a new car?An immigrant-rights group proposed a  Bill of Rights  for illegal immigrants Thursday, demanding that Americans recognize there are millions already in the country who deserve health care, in-state tuition rates for college and a guarantee of citizenship in the long term.The list of demands runs 10 items long   the same as the U.S. Constitution s Bill of Rights   and also calls for an end to arrests and deportations for  all law-abiding undocumented Americans. The document was circulated by United We Stay, which is a group of illegal immigrants, first generation Americans and human rights activists pushing for changes to immigration law. We know we have human rights, even though our very presence is deemed illegal and our existence alien. Now we have our own Bill of Rights and we want it to be the framework for every immigration decision going forward from the local to the national level,  the group said in a statement announcing their demands.The 10 points include a demand that they be accorded respect; calls for citizenship rights and an immediate deferment of deportations; in-state tuition at public colleges;  wage equality ; medical care; and protection against deportation if illegal immigrants report a crime as a witness.The list also includes a specific demand for  compelled authorization of birth certificates for our U.S.-born children.  That appears to be pushback against the state of Texas, where officials have ruled that parents must present valid ID to get children s birth certificates   and have deemed the Mexican government s Matricula Consular ID card not to be acceptable as primary identification.A federal court has allowed that Texas policy to go into effect, ruling that there are questions about the reliability of the Mexican cards and that state officials have an interest in making sure only authorized relatives are able to get birth certificates.The list of rights begins with a protest against the terms  illegal  and  alien.  Immigrant-rights advocates say both terms are dehumanizing, and have offered  undocumented workers  or, in the case of United We Stand,  Undocumented Americans,  as their preferred term.The document is meant to serve as a goalpost for the ongoing immigration debate. Immigrant-rights groups had been gaining ground in recent years, with polls suggesting Americans were increasingly open to legalization.A legalization bill even passed the Senate in 2013   but Democrats, who controlled the chamber, never sent it to the GOP-run House for action.The issue then stalled last year after President Obama took unilateral action to grant a deportation amnesty to as many as 5 million of the estimated 12 million illegal immigrants in the U.S. Federal courts have put that amnesty on hold, but Mr. Obama s other policies stopping deportations for most illegal immigrants remain in place, which has effectively checked off one of the list of rights  demands. Via: Washington Times",0
21366,MA High School Student Waves Staple Gun…School Goes On LockDown…Police Swarm Building With Assault Rifles,"Thank God it wasn t a glue gun Police responded in force to a Massachusetts high school after a students reported a classmate with a possible weapon.Police, decked out with assault rifles, combed through Southbridge Middle/ High School Wednesday afternoon during a school lockdown after a student reported a classmate with a possible weapon around 1:30 p.m., MassLive.com reports. The building was put into a shelter-in-place lockdown directly following notification to the police department, for safety reasons during the investigation,  according to a Southbridge Police statement. The alleged student was located and the building was swept. There was in fact no weapon. CBS Boston reports  a student was waving a stapler, and other students thought it was a gun.  None of the other news sites detailed the alleged weapon.A person inside the school during the ordeal sent a picture to the news site of police officers strolling through the hallway with at least one wearing what appears to be a large assault rifle.Students were eventually released around 2:50 p.m., according to My Fox Boston.Neither police nor school officials detailed what action, if any, was taken against the alleged stapler. For entire story: EAG News ",0
21367,HERO Praised By Media For Fighting Off Faisal Mohammad…Isn’t That What The Media Crucified Ben Carson For Suggesting? [VIDEO],"How long before the media is clammering all over this construction worker to get an interview with this  hero?  Yet when Ben Carson suggested victims faced with the same or similar situation react in the same way, he was called  crazy  by the media Byron Price isn t afraid of much, but, he didn t expect to come face-to-face with a determined suspect who was on a mission. Bryon was among the least injured, but, campus officials say his brave acts may have saved lives.When Bryon heard a commotion he went to see who was screaming and possibly break up a fight. When he stepped into a second-floor classroom he found the armed suspect who then turned and came after him.  So when he came at him he said he ended up on his back. I said why d you go on your back. He goes, he goes, I don t care if he cuts my legs I didn t want him to cut my chest or my abdomen. He said he has to come at me if I m down and then if he has to bend over I got a chance at his eyes or his throat  and it worked,  said John Price, victims father.Byron was stabbed while trying to fight off the attacker. His father said another construction worker also grabbed a ladder to try to threaten the suspect and get him to leave.Byron was working on remodeling a waiting room on campus. He was just finishing up his work for the day when he noticed the commotion and went to investigate. His father said his son doesn t want any attention for his actions and attempts to save others, but he is proud of how he confronted danger without a second thought.  As a man, you want to be the guy when it s your turn to rise up and do what you are supposed to do, no matter what, you do it. And then when your son s do it. Yea, I m proud of the boy,  John said.Via: ABC30Contrast this hero s story to Ben Carson s comments on the Oregon shooter tragedy. This construction worker did exactly what Ben Carson suggested he would do, but somehow the media calls him a  hero  and Ben Carson  irresponsible  for suggesting such an act of valor.Here are two examples of the leftist media un-leashed:https://youtu.be/aFZvr8XLpDg",0
21368,UPDATE: [VIDEO] Bomb Squad Investigating “Substance” Found In Backpack…BREAKING: Faisal Mohammad Is Named As Student Who Stabbed 4 Students With “Large Hunting Knife” On CA Campus,"Of course this is the first you ve heard of this crime. The attacker didn t use a gun and a gun was used to stop the attacker from committing mass murder. It took an entire day to identify the name knife attacker as Faisal Mohammad. He was likely a racist, Christian with tea party ties The UC Merced student who wounded four people in a stabbing spree at the campus has been identified as Faisal Mohammad, a freshman student from Santa Clara.Merced Couty Sheriff Vern Warnke confirmed the identity of the 18-year-old Computer Science and Engineering major to the Sun-Star early Thursday.Mohammad was shot and killed by UC Merced police just after 8 a.m. on Wednesday morning as he ran from the two-story classroom building where investigators said his violent spree began.Warnke said investigators, including the FBI, were still trying to determine the motive for Mohammad s attack, which wounded two students, a female student advisor and a construction worker who was on campus for a remodeling project. The four suffered non-life-threatening injuries.As of Thursday morning, one student remained hospitalized but was expected to recover and the other student was released after being treated, according to a statement from university spokeswoman Lorena Anderson. The student advisor, a member of the UC Merced staff, suffered a collapsed lung and was recovering Thursday after successful surgery, she said.Little information about Mohammad was immediately available, other than he turned 18 in late October. The university said more details would be released at a press conference led by the sheriff s office Thursday at 10:30 a.m.. The Sun-Star will livestream the conference on its Periscope account.Investigators believe Mohammad was armed with a large hunting knife when he entered a second-floor classroom as class was starting Wednesday and struggled with a male student, who was stabbed.Byron Price, a 31-year-old construction worker, was leading a crew in a nearby room when he heard the commotion and went to intervene. Warnke described Price s actions as heroic. Without him, the first victim could have been a lot worse off, or even dead,  he said.Price drew the suspect s attention and was slashed around the waist during the confrontation. Price s co-workers drove him to Mercy Medical Center where he was treated and later released.Detectives believe Mohammad then left the building and stabbed another male student outside. He then found the student advisor sitting on a bench and stabbed her twice, officials said.Other than Price, the names of the victims have not been released.Two university police officers chased Mohammad to a bridge on the campus, where he was shot and killed. The identities of those officers have not been released. One of the officers was placed on an automatic three-day leave from the department, a standard protocol in officer-involved shootings. Via: Merced Sun Star",0
21369,WOW! KY Dem House Speaker Makes Insane Speech Following Crushing Defeat In Gov Race [Video],"State Reps Forced To Stand Awkwardly In BackgroundAt one point it appears as though someone approaches the two State Representatives who appear to be trapped behind the rambling, incoherent train wreck, Kentucy House Speaker and Democrat, Greg Stumbo and offers them an opportunity to get off the stage. This wealth accumulation in America has to cease.   Kentucky Republicans had a very good election day. Matt Bevin defeated Democrat Jack Conway to become only the second Republican Kentucky governor in four decades. Jenean Hampton won her quest for lieutenant governor, becoming the commonwealth s first African-American to hold a statewide office.  Rising Democratic star  State Auditor, Adam Edelen, was ousted by Republican state Rep. Mike Harmon, despite raising nearly $900,000 to Harmon s $37,000.Democrats held on to some seats, but the defeats were crushing in part because Conway was ahead in polling up to election day. With so many Democrats ousted from office or unable to win their campaigns, Kentucky House Speaker Greg Stumbo is one of the top-ranking Democrats still standing.He gave a speech that was striking for its odd content and rambling delivery. Flanked by state Reps. Martha Jane King and Jeff Greer, Stumbo discussed his thoughts on the political affiliation of Jesus and his view on what Scripture really is and how it influences politics. And the other thing I know is that if in fact the Bible is a book of parables, like I believe it is, think about this: Mary did not ride an elephant into Bethlehem that night,  he said to a restrained crowd.[ ] For entire story:The Federalist   h/t:Weasel ZippersHmmmm .I wonder where he got the idea America is beginning to think of the Democrats as the  Godless party? Maybe Conway missed the last DNC convention where the members voted to remove God from the platform:And then of course, there is Reverend Wright who preached hate and anything but the truth about God s love for all of his people to Barack Hussein Obama (the ultimate Democrat Community Organizer) for roughly 20 years: ",0
21370,Why Obama Fears A Hillary Presidency,"And why Obama may be better off with a Republican President Edward Klein paints a very compelling picture of what is going through narcissist Barack Obama s head:(If we could get a sneak peek at Barack Obama s secret diary, this is what we might read.)I ll have to endorse Hillary if she gets the nomination which looks almost certain now but I won t have my heart in it.When I leave office in little over a year, I ll be the youngest ex-president since Teddy Roosevelt. I ll still have that same big-shouldered Chicago lust for power that drove me from Greenwood Avenue in Hyde Park to Pennsylvania Avenue in three short years.But if Hillary replaces me in the Oval, she and Bill will take control of the Democratic Party it ll become the Clinton party once again and they ll block me from having any future influence.I ll end up like Jimmy Carter hammering away in Appalachia for Habitat for Humanity.On the other hand, if a Republican wins in  16, the Clintons will be finished their foundation and their speaking fees will dry up and they ll be a thing of the past. But I ll still be the titular head of the party. I ll be able to continue my push to transform America into a European-style socialist state.So, personally, I d be better off if the next president is a Republican.I was hoping it wouldn t come to this. I had hopes that Old Joe would get in the running and knock Hillary off her pins. Joe in the White House would be like my third term. I d have plenty of influence in a Biden administration.But Joe hemmed and hawed until it was too late.For a while, Val and Miche tried to convince me that Martin O Malley was the one to snatch the nomination away from Hillary. They said he was O Malleable and would share the levers of power with me. But I knew from the get-go that Martin didn t have the right stuff.Still, it s amazing to me that Hillary hasn t imploded. Everybody knows she deliberately tried to cover her tracks with her home-brew e-mail server and that she did it with felonious intent. My biggest fear all along has been that Hillary s mess will end up tainting my presidency and my legacy.Val and Miche are dead set against that happening. They re hoping that Hillary is indicted sooner rather than later. Then Uncle Joe could ride in like the cavalry and save the party.Just the other day, Hillary asked for another meeting in the Oval. I threw a major fit because I knew she wanted me to shut down the investigation of her e-mails and all her cover-ups.Generally, I don t lose my composure, but this time, I leaped from my desk and threw a rubber ball across the room. Almost broke the china.I even yelled at Val:  Tell the Clintons to go to hell! I never want to see Hillary s face again. I never want her or Bill in my house lecturing me. They have no respect for this office or for me, and I m not taking it anymore. She has lied about everything. I also told Val:  Make sure that any smidgen of wrongdoing that is in Hillary s files is turned over to the authorities everything. Obviously, I can t be seen influencing the FBI investigation in any way. But I ve made it clear to Jim Comey over at the FBI and Loretta at Justice that I want a thorough investigation and, if warranted, a vigorous prosecution.If Hillary winds up being sentenced, maybe a presidential pardon can be worked out. Nobody wants to see a former first lady and secretary of state rotting in jail. ",0
21371,BREAKING: GUT WRENCHING…Undercover Video Shows Administrators At Prestigious Colleges Shredding Constitution," The Constitution in everyday life causes people pain    Wendy Kozol, Oberlin CollegeAdministrators at Vassar College and Oberlin College agreed to personally shred a pocket Constitution after an undercover reporter posing as a student complained that she felt  triggered  by its distribution on campus.The video was produced by Project Veritas, a non-profit established by conservative journalist James O Keefe, and employs a similar style to the undercover ACORN videos that first brought him to prominence. Last week something kinda happened on campus that kind of really upset me and I ended up having a panic attack,  the reporter tells Vassar College Assistant Director of Equal Opportunity Kelly Grab.  It s just I ve been kind of hiding out in my room ever since kind of scared, so, finally somebody told me I should maybe come talk to you about it and see if there s anything that can happen or anything   They were handing the Constitution out on campus. Oh, CATO Institute,  Grab murmurs while looking the booklet over. They were handing it out and as soon as I saw it you know I started to not be able to breathe, hyperventilating,  the reporter elaborated.  My vision went blurry and I just kind of just lost control. After establishing that the reaction was triggered merely by the offering of copies of the Constitution and not by anything the group had said, Grab offers her sympathies to the reporter.Via: Campus Reform",0
21372,CHICK-FIL-A Caves To Gay Mafia And Does Unthinkable In New NYC Store,"A move that would surely cause now deceased Christian Chick-Fil-A founder, S. Truett Cathy to roll over in his grave  In 2012, the fast-food restaurant Chick-fil-A came under intense criticism from homosexual groups and their supporters after CEO Dan Cathy said he was  guilty as charged  for supporting traditional marriage. Christians overwhelmingly gave their support, filling restaurants with new customers who turned out, not only for the food, but to make a statement. That may all be about to change. Chick-fil-A is now listed as a sponsor for Level Ground, a  faith-based LGBT film festival,  reports Christian News Network   a discovery that has sparked an online petition demanding the company clarify its  corporate stance regarding previously stated Christian values on marriage and stewardship.  According to Level Ground s website, the group  creates safe space for dialogue about faith, gender, and sexuality through the arts.  The group s film festival started as a student-run event in 2013. It has since expanded and hosted programming in six cities across the U.S., billing itself as  the world s first film festival connecting lesbian, gay and transgender sexuality with faith and evangelical Christianity.  Baptist Press reported participants in Level Ground s most recent film festival, held Oct. 8-10 in Nashville, Tennessee, included former contemporary Christian artist Jennifer Knapp, who came out as a lesbian in 2005, and Karen Swallow Prior, a Liberty University English professor and research fellow for the Ethics and Religious Liberty Commission of the Southern Baptist Convention. Gracepointe Church, an evangelical church in Franklin, Tennessee, that came out in January in support of same-sex marriage was also a sponsor. Pryor tweeted her appreciation to Chick-fil-A for its support in Nashville: While the restaurant has had an outpost in New York University s food court with limited access and menu items for more than a decade, the new restaurant will be the first of two slated for the Big Apple. The chain plans to open another location near Rockefeller Center at 46th Street and 6th Avenue. The nation s eighth biggest chain by sales, Chick-fil-A grew its sales 14.4 percent last year and its unit count 6.3 percent domestically, according to market research firm Technomic. This makes it the largest chicken chain in the country, beating out Yum Brands  KFC unit. In private hands since its founding in the early 1960s, Chick-fil-A has expanded more quietly that publicly traded competitors like KFC or Bojangles . Via: wnd ",0
21373,Why This New Book By Lib Writer And Radio Host Will Send Shock Waves Through The Democrat Party,"Maybe the  Queen of Incompetence  isn t as popular as she had hoped with the Socialist Party of America, aka the former Democrat Party It s not just Republicans who get riled by the thought of Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton ascending to the presidency. Some people on the left lock horns over Clinton often enough to suggest that Team Hillary still has a long way to go before she has shored up the traditional base of progressive voters.A controversial book cover is the latest flashpoint to lay bare the divisions in the Democratic base over the Clinton candidacy. The forthcoming book,  My Turn,  by Nation Magazine Contributing Editor Doug Henwood, critiques the former secretary of state s decades-long political career, calling out her foreign policy positions and purported connections to big-money interests, among other contentious points.And the book cover s flamboyant illustration   featuring a stoic Hillary Clinton, in a blood-red dress, pointing a gun at the reader   has sparked a heated debate among her supporters and detractors.Salon editor Joan Walsh and former Obama speechwriter Jon Lovett both called the drawing  gross. The leftist rag Salon.com has this to say about the new Hillary Clinton book: A stink bomb into liberals  certainty : Doug Henwood on his anti-Clinton crusade.Here is a portion of Salon.com s review of Henwood s  My Turn  book:In this regard, Harper s latest (paywalled) cover story   a cri de coeur against Hillary Clinton from economist, radio host, author and Left Business Observer founder Doug Henwood   is no exception. A mix of biography and political analysis, Henwood s essay depicts the likely 2016 presidential candidate as a relatively unaccomplished conformist and careerist, one who s far more interested in acquiring power (and protecting the interests of her wealthy funders) than making real the progressive vision.  What is the case for Hillary?  Henwood asks.  It s hard to find any substantive political argument in her favor. Even the author and the artist have different takes on the imagery. People often see in texts what they want to see. The reaction to this cover, which has been circulating less than 48 hours, has been a vivid reminder of this,  Henwood told MSNBC.  When I first saw the design I knew it would attract a lot of attention.   But I couldn t have predicted the diversity of reactions. Where Henwood sees  ruthlessness and hawkishness,  in the image, the artist, Sarah Sole told the International Business Times she sees it as  pulpy and sexy. Henwood is a well-known Clinton critic on the left who skewered the former secretary of state, senator and first lady in a controversial 2014 Harper s Magazine cover story titled  Stop Hillary.  In it he wrote:What is the case for Hillary (whose quasi-official website identifies her, in bold blue letters, by her first name only, as do millions upon millions of voters)? It boils down to this: She has experience, she s a woman, and it s her turn. It s hard to find any substantive political argument in her favor. She has, in the past, been associated with women s issues, with children s issues   but she also encouraged her husband to sign the 1996 bill that put an end to the Aid to Families with Dependent Children program (AFDC), which had been in effect since 1935. Indeed, longtime Clinton adviser Dick Morris, who has now morphed into a right-wing pundit, credits Hillary for backing both of Bill s most important moves to the center: the balanced budget and welfare reform.1 And during her subsequent career as New York s junior senator and as secretary of state, she has scarcely budged from the centrist sweet spot, and has become increasingly hawkish on foreign policy.What Hillary will deliver, then, is more of the same. And that shouldn t surprise us. As wacky as it sometimes appears on the surface, American politics has an amazing stability and continuity about it. Obama, widely viewed as a populist action hero during the 2008 campaign, made no bones about his admiration for Ronald Reagan. The Gipper, he said,changed the trajectory of America in a way that Richard Nixon did not and in a way that Bill Clinton did not. He put us on a fundamentally different path because the country was ready for it. I think they felt [that] with all the excesses of the Sixties and the Seventies, government had grown and grown, but there wasn t much sense of accountability in terms of how it was operating.Now, the  excesses of the Sixties and the Seventies  included things like feminism, gay liberation, the antiwar movement, a militant civil rights movement   all good things, in my view, but I know that many people disagree. In any case, coming into office with something like a mandate, Obama never tried to make a sharp political break with the past, as Reagan did from the moment of his first inaugural address. Reagan dismissed the postwar Keynesian consensus   the idea that government had a responsibility to soften the sharpest edges of capitalism by fighting recession and providing some sort of basic safety net. Appropriating some of the language of the left about revolution and the promise of the future, he unleashed what he liked to call the magic of the marketplace: cutting taxes for the rich, eliminating regulations, and whittling away at social spending.What Reagan created, with his embrace of the nutty Laffer curve and his smiling war on organized labor, was a strange, unequally distributed boom that lasted through the early 1990s. After the caretaker George H. W. Bush administration evaporated, Bill Clinton took over and, with a few minor adjustments, kept the party going for another decade. Profits skyrocketed, as did the financial markets.But there was a contradiction under it all: a system dependent on high levels of mass consumption for both economic dynamism and political legitimacy has a problem when mass purchasing power is squeezed. For a few decades, consumers borrowed to make up for what their paychecks were lacking. But that model broke down once and for all with the crisis of 2008. Today we desperately need a new political economy   one that features a more equal distribution of income, investment in our rotting social and physical infrastructure, and a more humane ethic. We also need a judicious foreign policy, and a commander-in-chief who will resist the instant gratification of air strikes and rhetorical bluster.Is Hillary Clinton the answer to these prayers? It s hard to think so, despite the widespread liberal fantasy of her as a progressive paragon, who will follow through exactly as Barack Obama did not. In fact, a close look at her life and career is perhaps the best antidote to all these great expectations.But the intimidating image glaring out from the front of  My Turn  was created long before Henwood penned the book, which he says was developed out of the Harper s piece and goes into greater detail about  her long history in shaping the  New Democrat agenda,      an agenda which  she now purports to be running against,  Henwood told MSNBC.And then there s Sole, a diehard Clinton supporter and also a fan of Henwood s, according to International Business Times.Sole debuted the painting, along with other similarly themed pieces, last year. Later, the pieces were published in Politico magazine under the headline  Extremely Ready for Hillary,  according to the International Business Times. I love Hillary Clinton, I support Hillary Clinton, I very much want her to be president. I will certainly vote for her,  Sole told International Business Times. What I don t get is the reaction that calls the cover sexist,  Henwood told MSNBC.  Hillary is tough and determined, characteristics that shouldn t be seen as off-limits to women. The political question is what she or anyone else does with toughness and determination, and that s what my criticism of her focuses on. I have no problem with ball-busting women,  Henwood continued.  I kinda like them, in fact. I just don t like [Hillary Clinton s] politics.  Via: MSNBC",0
21374,"UNDERCOVER NYPD COP Busts 2 Women Building Bomb, Planning To Wage Jihad…Mayor DeBlasio Says “Unfair”","Thank goodness these Muslim women have a friend in socialist, radical Mayor of New York City An NYPD officer pretended to be a Brooklyn College student at the Islamic Society in New York City, and taking the Muslim oath of faith, before befriending Muslim students to infiltrate the community.The woman, who went by the name of Mel, short for Melike, spent four years earning the trust of Islamic students at the college as part of an NYPD operation to spy on Muslims, according to NY s daily weblog Gothamist.The controversial mission was part of the police departments well-documented plan that sees the blanket surveillance of innocent Muslims.The Mayor of New York, Bill deBlasio has openly criticized such surveillance and declared at a Ramadan dinner that Muslim New Yorkers were  still fighting for basic human rights. Watch Mayor DeBlasio defend Muslim women with ties to Al Qaeda here: We recently shut down the Demographics Unit at NYPD, which conducted surveillance on Muslim New Yorkers. Because it s unfair to single out people on the sole basis of their religion,  he added. The undercover operation led to some important arrests. Four years after Mel had infiltrated the college, two Queens residents, Noelle Velentzas and Asia Siddiqui, were arrested and charged with allegedly planning to build a bomb.The US Justice Department issued a release stating that the women were linked to members of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and the Islamic State.Many of the cases dealt with by the NYPD often involve a form of  entrapment  that see undercover detectives and FBI informants carrying out manipulative tactics in order to secure evidence that will later lead to arrests.In the case of Velentzas and Siddiqui, four propane gas tanks, as well as instructions for how to turn them into explosive devices, are said to have been found in Siddiqui s home, and according to the criminal complaint, the two women had in-depth conversations with the undercover officer about their violent aspirations.The undercover officer established a friendship with at least one of the women as early as 2013, according to the criminal complaint.The two women are not alleged to have been in the process of planning a specific attack, and according to the criminal complaint, Velentzas repeatedly stated she would not want to harm any  regular  people, instead targeting police or military personnel.After 9/11, both the NYPD and the FBI revamped their approach to terrorism investigations and began operating under a policy of preventive prosecution.The NYPD began to look for particular indicators of radicalization such as the  wearing of traditional Islamic clothing,  giving up drinking or smoking, and  becoming involved in social activism. In the NYPD s model of measuring threats, which have been criticized, young people were also a key target. The government   often acting through informants   is actively involved in developing [terrorism plots], persuading and sometimes pressuring the target to participate, and providing the resources to carry it out,  according to the 2014 Human Rights Watch report. Brooklyn College students at the Islamic Society told Gothamist they feel skeptical and paranoid. In the back of all our minds, there s always that suspicion, that either, you are a spy, or you think I m one,  a female Muslim student stressed. Via: Daily Mail ",0
21375,GERMAN VOLUNTEERS HOLD WELCOME RALLY: Applaud As Muslim Migrants Sing Jihadist Songs [Video],"Say goodbye to your economy, traditions and culture. The caliphate has come to Germany on steroids Leftists hold a rally to welcome tens of thousands of refugees to Germany.Migrant Muslims were seen on video singing jihadist songs at their refugee center. The ignorant German volunteers applauded. Via Les Observateurs: (Rough Translation)It s in the air, broadcast of 14 October 2015. The Iraqi and Syrian Christians were isolated in special reception centers after being continually harassed. One of Iraqi Christians tells France 5:  At our previous center, volunteers were sitting listening to music, the Arabs sand jihadi songs and the German volunteers clapped their hands without understanding. The image sums up the situation: the Arabs install Islamism, leftists not understanding what is happening rejoice in living together that exists only in their fantasy world. Carnage to follow.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21376,"MEDIA LIE EXPOSED: Hundreds Of Students Rally In Support Of Fired SC School Cop: Fight Back Against Cop-Hating, Race Baiting Media[VIDEO]","We shared our  Game Changer  story with you earlier this week, after a new video emerged allowing a more clear picture of the student physically attacking the school cop assigned to removing her from class.Now in a surprising turn of events (which will certainly be a huge disappointment to the leftist media and George Soros funded Black Lives Matter terrorist organization), the students are fighting back against a manufactured media event created to promote more cop hate and racial division in America.Well, this is interesting.MT  Spring Valley Walkout for fields today #bringbackfields #bringfieldsback pic.twitter.com/UamWKU6AXN  Oink Trotters (@OinkTrottters) October 30, 2015Students wore T-shirts that said  #BringBackFields  or  Free Fields. #BringBackFields   pic.twitter.com/6jbmEnuSrN  Mina Rena .   (@_cappex) October 30, 2015 He was a great guy,  student London Harrell told local WISTV.  He protected us and everything. He was our school resource officer. We always could depend on him and everything. Every time I saw him, he was always joking around with people. It was never like  Oh, I m about to body slam you. Principal Jeff Temoney said none of the students would be suspended if they returned to class. We ve heard your voices, okay,  Temoney said according to WISTV.  We appreciate you taking time to do this, but again, as you know, we always focus on teaching and learning, so let s head on back to class. pic.twitter.com/LJiGyAXDUs  John Cassibry (@JCass_12) October 30, 2015Principal Temoney released a statement several hours later about the walkout, which said students and staff were safe during the protest.Fields, who is white, was recorded on cell phone video using force on an African-American student during a school discipline incident. When shared on social media, the footage caused national outrage on the use of force in schools and by school resource officers. Fields was fired on Wednesday. Via: RTHere is how the original story was presented to the public:School officer uses force against black female student, slams her on floor (VIDEO) https://t.co/0bLck097Sw pic.twitter.com/6oFt3fluFH  RT America (@RT_America) October 27, 2015Here is how we responded when a student reluctantly shared their video with others which allowed the other side of the story to be told. Click HERE for the other side of the story.",0
21377,WATCH MSNBC “Objective” Host’s Loud Outburst When Latina Guest Says She “Feels At Home” In GOP,Somebody needs to make sure Chris Matthews doesn t miss his meds before the cameras start rolling ,0
21378,TWITTER User Suggests “Climate Deniers” Should Be Shot,"The Left is all about gun control unless of course, they re talking about shooting someone who disagrees with phony man-made climate change Thought: in wartime, people deliberately spreading lies and misinformation get shot. Why not do the same with climate change deniers?  Daniel Rendall (@danielrendall) October 30, 2015h/t Weasel ZippersJust in case they remove this Tweet, we ve taken a screen shot here:",0
21379,GERMAN LEFTIST USES NUDITY ON FACEBOOK To Fight Back Against “Right-Wing” News Outlets Exposing Truth About Muslim “Refugees”,"***Warning*** Image is not appropriate for all ages.How very progressive A German photographer has started a campaign to have  right wing propaganda  censored on Facebook, but pornographic images of women allowed. He s calling it  nipples instead of incitement. Photographer Olli Waldhauer kicked off his campaign by posting an image on Facebook of a topless woman stood beside a man holding a placard with racist slogan written on it. One of these people is against the rules of Facebook,  reads the slogan on the image.Moderators deleted the image after 21 minutes.  Good people, I had to change my profile. Facebook did not come clear with the amount of friend requests. Thank you for your feedback and support,  wrote Mr Waldhauer on his page afterwards. What madness from a small image can be everything. Thank you all! Always remember #nippleinsteadbaiting!  he added later.Mr Waldhauer is now encouraging his follower to download the image and post it on their own pages, in the hope of pressuring Facebook moderators in the spirit of the #freethenipple campaign.The #freethenipple campaign aims to end the  discriminatory  banning of female breasts on social media, and so stop men finding breasts attractive by exposing them more often (according to their logic).From his social media profile, Mr Waldhauer appears to be strongly in favor of mass migration, and has previous started a campaign labeled #iamnotaterrorist to challenge animosity towards migrants from the Middle East.Perhaps Mr. Waldhauer s time and effort would be better spent focusing on the Muslim caliphate taking place in his country and not on those trying to spread the truth about these  refugees. His dream of censoring political debate on Facebook is less outlandish. In September German Chancellor Angela Merkel said she wanted more Facebook to filtering  hateful  and  racial  posts. Journalists overheard the comments as she conversed with Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg at a UN summit. Via: Breitbart ",0
21380,FERGUSON FLAMETHROWER COMES OUT OF HIDING: Slams FBI Director For Blaming “Ferguson Effect” On Rise In Crime,"Holder should be making his baseless remarks from behind bars but that s another story Retired Attorney General Eric Holder pushed back on statements made last week by FBI Director James Comey in which Comey suggested the so-called Ferguson effect might be responsible for a recent rise in crime in cities around the country.In a gathering with reporters Wednesday, Holder told the Huffington Post,  I don t agree with the comments that he s made about, or the connection he s drawn, between the so-called  Ferguson effect  and this rise in crime. The Ferguson effect is a name given to a recent spike in crime in some, but not all, American cities this year. The idea is that police have taken note of the public mood and decided to hold back on more aggressive policing.Eric Holder told the Huffington Post the factors involved in the crime surge would be difficult to tease out,  It s hard for us to understand why crime dropped to historic lows over the last 40 years. I think it s probably equally difficult or even more difficult to explain why crime has gone up in some places, violent crime has gone up in some places, over the past 12 months. But Holder then immediately discounted one possible explanation, saying,  But I don t think it s connected to the so-called Ferguson effect. The comments by Eric Holder are part of an ongoing war of words within the Obama administration, which escalated last Friday when FBI Director James Comey seemed to endorse the Ferguson effect as an explanation during an address at the University of Chicago Law School.After ticking off a list of possible explanations for the recent crime surge, Director Comey said,  I do have a strong sense that some part of the explanation is a chill wind that has blown through law enforcement over the last year. And that wind is surely changing behavior. Nobody says this on the record. Nobody says this in public,  Comey told his audience last Friday, adding that it was,  the one explanation that, to my mind, explains the calendar and the map.  He was referring to both the widespread increase in crime in cities across the country and the timing of that increase this year.Former AG Eric Holder rejected the idea that police were holding back because of the public mood Wednesday, telling the Huffington Post,  I frankly don t think police officers are laying down on the job.  Via: Breitbart News",0
21381,Scary or Silly? The Feds Are Warning About What This Halloween Tradition Will Unleash,"I vote for silly since anyone with half a brain can figure this one out it s NOT scary! Remember composts and how they were supposed to be great for the planet these Energy Department goofballs need to understand what happens naturally is not a bad thing. How scary are your jack-o -lanterns? Scarier than you think, according to the Energy Department, which claims the holiday squash is responsible for unleashing greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. Most of the 1.3 billion pounds of pumpkins produced in the U.S. end up in the trash, says the Energy Department s website, becoming part of the  more than 254 million tons of municipal solid waste produced in the United States every year.  Municipal solid waste decomposes into methane,  a harmful greenhouse gas that plays a part in climate change, with more than 20 times the warming effect of carbon dioxide,  Energy says. Ok, apparently the whizkids at the Dept. of Energy need a refresher course in something called the carbon cycle. It s  settled science . You see, as every living thing grows it incorporates carbon into it s structure. That s why it s called carbon based life. Then when it dies, it releases that carbon back into the environment so some other living thing can use it to grow. Now it doesn t matter what you do with the dead thing. Whether it rots away slowly or you burn it or you convert it into some thing else that gets burned, it still releases the carbon. Either as carbon dioxide or methane (which is 85% hydrogen and 15% carbon). It s like a giant carbon recycling program that makes life possible and it s been going on like that for hundreds of millions of years. Truth is, there s no more carbon on Earth today than there has ever been. You can t make new carbon that has never existed before, it s elemental. And carbon isn t a pollutant, it s essential to life. That s the simple reality. Deal with it. Seriously, absurd news stories like this are crafted to appeal to someone without even a sixth grade understanding of basic science. I can envision some 8-year-old running home  Mommy, mommy, teacher said Jack-o -lanterns are destroying the planet!  Via: WT",0
21382,MIND-BLOWING INTERACTIVE MAP Shows Where Muslim Refugees Are Coming From And Where They’re Going,This is a great visual to share with people who are in denial about the fundamental transformation of the soon-to-be Muslim majority Europistan. America is next ,0
21383,LIBERAL CULTURE ROT: U of Maryland Teaches Students “How To F*** In College” [Video],"Because being a young adult in college, getting good grades, preparing for a future career and making the right choices isn t hard enough. The college needs to bring people in to encourage you to have free sex. Not just sex but LOTS of sex At a workshop-style event last week, students at the University of Maryland, College Park were taught  How to F*** in College. Sex ed expert Francisco Ramirez, who has a master s degree in public health and has provided sexual health training for organizations including MTV, the UN, and Planned Parenthood, taught the workshop as part of a college speaking series by the same name.During the presentation, Ramirez used a series of GIFs to convey sexual tips ranging from how to give a blow job to how to apply lube effortlessly.Unusual sexual advice was given throughout the workshop. Ramirez recommended that students ask their parents to purchase a mechanical hand sanitizer to dispense lube, for instance, and gave advice on how to prevent syrups from going inside a lover s urethra when attempting the   grapefruit technique. A screen shot from Francisco Ramirez  website: If you re going to be using the grapefruit technique,  he cautioned,  really make sure to use mild soap and water afterwards. When asked their favorite locations for sex, the students, some of whom live on campus, gleefully offered up the kitchen, the bathroom, and even  on the rug,  prompting Ramirez to recommend that they clean up after having sex, a directive that he humorously reinforced by delivering it while standing beneath a prominent image of Mr. Clean. I am not sexphobic but [sic] you might think it s kinda hot seeing somebody s pubic hair you re kinda like [sic] feel good about that,  Ramirez told the class while animatedly flipping his hair,  but not your roommate.  He later went into further details on how his roommates would leave dildos, carrots, and a jar of peanut butter on his bed and inside his shower.Ramirez also lectured on the stigma of the  walk of shame  and the double standards of how women are perceived when returning to their homes the morning after a sexual encounter. He then instructed students to practice their walk of shame and to  give no f -s. Here is an example of this freaks work:During the anonymous Q and A portion, Ramirez was asked why abstinence is not encouraged, and whether promoting sex into our culture increases the chances of rape on campus. It s not like we re either f -ing or we re not f -ing or we re masturbating or not masturbating, because at the end of the day we are all sexual beings,  he explained.  We re already in a sexual relationship with our genitals even if we re asexual. He also mentioned at one point that  most sexually active adults have an STI [sexually transmitted infection] and that s okay. Via: Campus Reform",0
21384,THE FACE OF THE DEMOCRAT PARTY Has A Message For The Tea Party And You Won’t Want To Miss It…[VIDEO],"This ass-clown reminds us of why term limits are so important. Leisa and I saw Rep. Rangel (D-NY) up close and personal last week when we visited the Capitol building as guests of Rep. Mike Bishop (R-MI). We were shocked at some of the people who have been elected to represent our nation. 20% of the House members looked like they should be roaming the halls of a nursing home  NOT the halls of Congress!  These people have no business making serious decisions on behalf of our country. Charlie Rangel is a perfect example of our assertion It s no secret that Democrats can t stand the Tea Party, but rarely do they express their hatred out loud like Rep. Charlie Rangel did. In a moment caught on camera, the Democrat Congressman let reporters know what he really thinks about the coalition of citizens who believe in individual liberty and small government (some of whom are undoubtedly his own constituents).TheBlaze reports:Rep. Charlie Rangel (D-N.Y.) had harsh words for Tea Party Republicans during a town hall he hosted Tuesday in New York City. The outspoken Democrat was asked by TheBlaze about what he thinks motivates the more conservative wing of the House Republicans. They come from states that used to own slaves,  Rangel said of his Tea Party colleagues.  They come from states that the Confederate Army was pledged allegiance to. They come from states that the Ku Klux Klan and voters rights and all of those things came into play. [T]hey left the Democratic Party, thank God, they joined the Republican Party and they like being among themselves,  Rangel added.They even got his comments on video here:Via: Deneenborelli",0
21385,UNBELIEVABLE! Students Succeed In Removing US Border Patrol Agents From Career Fair: Concerned They Won’t Make Illegal Students Feel Welcome,"This is not some small obscure community college. Disallowing our law enforcement to attend a school sponsored event in favor of protecting lawbreakers is a BIG deal! This school with over 30,000 students has managed to marginalize these brave men and women who put their lives on the line every day to protect and defend our borders!U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) has reversed its decision to participate in a career fair at the University of California-Irvine in response to a petition signed by hundreds of students.According to the New University student newspaper, CBP s withdrawal represents an unexpected victory for student activists, whose claims that the Border Patrol s involvement in the Fall Career Fair this Thursday would be insensitive to undocumented students had previously failed to convince the university to rescind the agency s invitation. Organizations like the US Customs and Border Patrol are the organizations that are tasked with various roles including targeting Undocumented Communities, which is against the nature of our campus s values for welcoming communities regarding their background,  Associated Students of UC Irvine (ASUCI) President Parshan Khosravi wrote in an email to the Career Center Sunday night. This message right now is saying that undocumented students are not welcome,  he asserted, adding,  That s the type of message that I do not want to see as someone who is a student on this campus, as someone who is a student leader on this campus, and [as] someone who believes in [sic] the values of our campus are inclusivity and a safe space. The next day, Monday morning, student Amy Yu and another individual visited the Career Center in person to voice their concerns directly to administrators. Despite their warnings that undocumented students might experience trauma and discomfort from such close proximity to law enforcement, though, the Center refused to disinvite CBP, explaining that the purpose of the fair is to provide job opportunities for all students. We care about and value all students. We have a diverse student body made up of individuals with many wonderful talents and personal values,  Career Center Director Suzanne Helbig told New University.  To serve all students, we bring employers to campus and let students use their own judgement to decide which ones fit their skills, interests, and values. Undeterred by the Career Center s response, Yu proceeded to create a Change.org petition in the hope of effecting CBP s removal by appealing to a higher authority. We, as students from UC Irvine, are demanding that the   CBP be removed as participants [sic] for the upcoming Fall Career Fair,  the petition states.  The undocumented community is directly affected by deportation and detention policies that are carried out by Border Patrol, and having Border Patrol agents on campus is a blatant disregard to undocumented students  safety and well-being. Prior to being closed amidst declarations of victory Wednesday, the petition had garnered 659 signatures in roughly two days, which was apparently enough for CBP to decide that participating in the jobs fair was not worth enduring a potentially hostile reception from UC-Irvine students. As of this morning, U.S. Customs & Border Patrol has decided not to attend the campus Career Fair on Thursday, Oct. 22,  UC-Irvine senior director of communications Cathy Lawhon told The College Fix Wednesday.  However, the agency will continue to utilize UCI s Career Center on-line job postings system to list available positions for those students interested in working with CBP. While undocumented students may rejoice, though, others are less thrilled about losing the chance to engage with the largest law enforcement agency in the world. I feel that these efforts are an attempt to politicize a jobs fair that is supposed to help college students find much needed work once they graduate,  UC Irvine s College Republicans President Rob Petrosyan told The College Fix.  If you don t approve of U.S. Customs, don t apply to work for them, it s that simple. Via: Campus Reform",0
21386,CHILLING TESTIMONY Of Brave 7th Grader At TX School Board Meeting: “Today I was given an assignment at school that questioned my faith and said that ‘God is not real'” [VIDEO],"This indoctrination into a godless society is happening at every stage in our child s development. From grade school through college and even in grad school, educators are working overtime to remove God, values and morals from our children s lives. They are blurring the lines between right and wrong in an effort to make everyone the same. The end result will be callous, heartless, self-centered human beings with no moral compass and no purpose in life. How long will we remain quiet and chose to ignore this abomination?KATY, Texas   A Texas seventh-grader is standing up for her religious beliefs after she alleges her teacher forced students to deny that God is real, and threatened them with failing grades if they don t agree.Jordan Wooley, a seventh grade student at West Memorial Junior High School in the Katy Independent School District, testified at a school board meeting last night about an assignment in her reading class that caused a serious controversy, and expressed frustration about her teacher s atheist indoctrination. Today I was given an assignment in school that questioned my faith and told me that God was not real. Our teacher had started off saying that the assignment had been giving problems all day. We were asked to take a poll to say whether God is fact, opinion or a myth and she told anyone who said fact or opinion was wrong and God was only a myth,  Wooley told board members.Students immediately objected, Wooley said, but the teacher refused to consider their position.The teacher,  started telling kids they were completely wrong and that when kids argued we were told we would get in trouble. When I tried to argue, she told me to prove it, and I tried to reference things such as the Bible and stories I have read before from people who have died and went to heaven but came back and told their stories, and she told me both were just things people were doing to get attention. I know it wasn t just me who was affected by it. My friend, she went home and started crying. She was supposed to come with me but she didn t know if she could  because she was so upset, Wooley said.The teen explained she spoke with other students in the class who were marked down because they believe God is real, as well as compromises proposed by students to avoid rejecting their faith. Another student asked the teacher if we could put what we believe in the paper, and she said we could   but you would fail the paper if you do,  Wooley told the board.  I had known before that our schools aren t really supposed to teach us much about religion or question religion. When I asked my teacher about it she said it doesn t have anything to do with religion because the problem is just saying there is no God. Wooley was accompanied to the meeting by her mother, Chantel Wooley, who texted with her daughter about the assignment earlier in the day and posted a video to Facebook about the incident after school. Hey mom so in reading we were required to say that God is just a myth,  Jordan texted her mother shortly before 3 p.m. Monday.  I thought if a question was against our religion that we could put what we think is true but we got in trouble for saying He is true. Wait what? Myth?  Chantel Wooley replied. We had to deny God is real. Yeah, we had to say he was just a myth,  Jordan wrote. You got in trouble?  Chantel questioned. Yeah she told me I was wrong bc I put it was fact,  Jordan wrote. What did you say?  Chantel texted. I said he is real and she said that can t be proven,  Jordan replied. And what happened?  Chantel wrote. I still put fact on my paper,  Jordan texted.Jordan told school board members her family contacted the school principal, who promised to speak with the teacher and investigate the incident. Board members also vowed to  look into it,  but said school administrators should first focus on addressing the issue.They also thanked Wooley for voicing her concerns.In a Facebook video posted to Chantel Wooley s profile, Jordan explained the situation in more detail.// <![CDATA[ (function(d, s, id) { var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0]; if (d.getElementById(id)) return; js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id; js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&#038;version=v2.3""; fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk')); // ]]>Jordan Wooley addresses Katy ISD re: controversial assignment  Bravery!Posted by Education Action Group on Tuesday, October 27, 2015 Basically, a lot of people said it was true and real, and she told us we were all wrong,  Jordan said.  She told us it was a commonplace assertion, just a myth, and lot of people got upset about it. I called my friend to see how she felt about it, and she was just crying,  Wooley continued. And how did that make you feel?  an off-camera voice questions. Like she was taking away my religion, what I believe is true,  the teen replied.Texas education activist Alice Linahan told EAGnews the incident, and how district officials respond, could be an especially important indicator of things to come in the Lone Star state.Katy ISD Superintendent Alton Frailey, president of the national American Association of School Administrators, was a central figure in crafting the state s education standards as the former president of the Texas Association of School Administrators.Frailey is now working to expand similar standards nationally, Linahan said, and is reportedly on Texas Gov. Greg Abbott s short list to replace education Commissioner Michael Williams, who resigned last week.Linahan pointed to standards Frailey help craft that require a teacher  understands how to connect concepts and use differing perspectives to engage learners in critical thinking, creativity, and collaborative problem solving related to authentic local and global issues,  as evidence that the state standards and closely aligned national Common Core standards divert focus from core subjects to less important issues. Will Texas students get a good job when they grow up because they can read well, write well, do math and know history?  Linahan questioned.  Or, will they get a good job, without strong academics, but an emotional attachment and classroom experience to save the world on a global level from a humanist viewpoint, without a belief in God? Parents, it is time to step in like Jordan s mom and say   NO! Via: EAG News ",0
21387,Guess Who’s Offended Now? This Walmart Costume Set Off A Firestorm Of Complaints So I Think I’ll Buy It,"Dressing up as an Arab Sheik for Halloween was not what I had planned but now I REALLY think I ll buy this costume and wear it on Halloween. Could someone tell the Muslims to knock it off with being offended all the time about everything! Just like I tell my children, the ability to laugh at yourself is HUGE! Take it all in good fun why don t ya? Just think how Donald Trump will feel this Halloween with all the horrific costumes making fun of him. How about all those costumes making fun of so called  Hillbillies  or  Rednecks    do you think anyone gives a damn? Get over yourselves! We previously reported on all the Universities across America who re dictating what you can and cannot wear on Halloween. Customers shopping online for various items of interest, or just simply looking for something to be offended by, found the latter in the Halloween section of the retailer s website. Nestled among the typical witch and superhero costumes for kids was a costume of a different kind that Arabs found to be in extremely poor taste. It s beyond me who would want to dress up as an Arab Sheik or Achmed the mad bomber, but it freakin Halloween. It s a big holiday for kids and extrovert adults.  At some point Muslims must realize that the world doesn t revolve around them and their inherent hate for anyone and everyone who aren t followers of Islam. Stores can and should sell whatever they want, whether it offends them or not. Now, only time will tell how Walmart reacts to the insistence that their merchandise is offensive, whether they bow down to a culture that incessantly complains, or cater to the people who shop in their stores and made them a success.Via: DMF",0
21388,SHOCKING REPORT: 99.5% Of Professors From Top 50 Liberal Arts Colleges Donated To Only Two Presidential Candidates,"These leftist professors aren t just donating chump change either. The average donation from these leftist professors to Hillary s campaign is a whopping $1,043.75.Only Hamilton College History Prof. Robert Paquette has donated to a Republican candidate in the current election cycle from the top 50 liberal arts colleges in America.According to FEC third quarter reports released October 16, 47 professors at the top 50 liberal arts colleges in the country, as ranked by U.S. News & World Report, have given to presidential campaigns. Of those 47 professors, Hamilton College History Professor Robert Paquette was the sole donor to a Republican candidate, giving $150 to Carly Fiorina s campaign.The remaining 99.51 percent went to Democrat candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. The 46 other professors collectively donated $20,875 to Hillary Clinton and $8,417 to Bernie Sanders. Professors donating to Clinton have given an average of $1,043.75. Those giving to Sanders donated an average of $323.73. I do believe these numbers give an accurate representation of the political leanings of faculty on most college campuses,  Paquette wrote in an e-mail to Campus Reform,  especially allegedly elite liberal arts colleges like Hamilton College,  where he claims to be the  only out-of-closet conservative in a faculty of 200. After 35 years of experience in higher education, Paquette believes that the business  has become a racket monopolized by the academic left. Paquette argues that with cover from  spineless or sympathetic  administrators, leftist faculty are able to keep their campuses liberal. Conservatives like himself can be prohibited from participating in searches for their own department and large endowment funds are  lavished on faculty activists and their programmatic agendas. Paquette says that trustees know about the problem but  [prefer] not to hear, see, or speak any evil to protect the elite  brand  of the college. When the search is expanded to include students, graduate/law professors, and administrators at the elite group of colleges, Paquette s donation is joined by an additional $6,150 to Jeb Bush, $150 to Ted Cruz, $2,000 to Carly Fiorina, $540 to John Kasich, and $250 to Scott Walker.Even so, only 10.84 percent of donor affiliates gave to Republican candidates, and their donations amount to less than 15 percent of total contributions.Historical giving patterns reveal a strong bias toward liberal candidates, especially at the nation s most elite colleges. In 2012, Campus Reform reported that 96 percent of Ivy League donations went to the Obama campaign. So far this cycle, over 95 percent of Ivy League affiliates have donated to Democrat candidates. Via: Campus Reform",0
21389,WOW! BENGHAZI VICTIM’S SISTER SPEAKS OUT: Hillary Talked To Families of Benghazi Victims 2 Days After Attack…Asked Them To “Feel Sad” For Muslim Jihadi Attackers [Video],The lack of compassion for the families of these 4 dead Americans in Hillary s rush to cover her incompetence is beyond comprehension Serial liar for president .https://youtu.be/wQV3aesMLzk ,0
21390,90% Of Hollywood Political Contributions Have Gone To This One Candidate,"Nothing says Hollywood like supporting a serial liar who s managed to keep herself in the spotlight by clinging to the coattails of her husband, fellow grifter, serial philanderer and former President, Bill Clinton According to the Los Angeles Times, Hollywood donors have given $5.5 million to candidates on both sides of the 2016 presidential race. Of those donations, 90 percent have gone to Hillary Clinton s campaign.Hillary Clinton and die hard progressive  singer  Katy Perry While talk of Vice President Joe Biden jumping into the race had swept Hollywood in recent months, with donors previously announcing they would be ready to back him financially, Biden announced this week he would not run for a third time.That leaves the door open for Clinton to consolidate the industry s financial backing, which she largely has accomplished.Aside from a number of artists and other entertainment figures standing behind Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-VT)16% , Clinton has not only garnered support from most democrats, but has received about $5 million of the total $5.5 million given by Hollywood this cycle.Danny DeVito, who gave $2,700, and Jackson Browne, who pledged $1,350, are supporting Sanders. Others, such as Sarah Silverman, Will Ferrell, and Red Hot Chili Peppers singer Anthony Kiedis, are also supporting Sanders.Meanwhile, Clinton has collected maximum personal donations from Kanye West, Usher, Jesse Tyler Ferguson, Bryan Cranston, Tom Hanks, and Barbra Streisand.Clinton has also received $2,700 apiece from Dana Walden, head of Fox Television Group; Patrick Wachsberger, co-chair of Lionsgate Motion Picture Group; and HBO s president of programming, Michael Lombardo, according to the LA Times.On the GOP side, Jeb Bush has received $5,400 from CBS sports commentator Jim Nantz and $2,700 from producer Jerry Bruckheimer.Bush leads the Republican Party with roughly $165,000 in donations from Hollywood, while New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie comes in second with almost $90,000. Via: Breitbart News",0
21391,BOX OFFICE BOMB: Seth Rogan Tweeted F*ck You To Ben Carson…America Responds By Boycotting His Steve Jobs Movie,"Who s laughing now  funny  guy?We asked everyone to boycott the Steve Jobs movie after not-so-funny guy sent this vulgar tweet directed at GOP Presidential contender and brilliant pediatric neurosurgeon, Dr. Ben Carson: Steve Jobs  didn t just bomb this weekend, it BOMBED. Although director Danny Boyle s biopic sits in nearly 2500 theaters and was predicted to clear around $12 million, according to Deadline, by Monday the $30 million film (closer to $60 million with distribution costs) will bottom out at $7 million.It wasn t supposed to be like this.Not even close.First there was the pedigree: an Oscar-winning director, an Oscar-winning screenwriter, and a biopic subject who is also a national brand.Then there is the track record: just five years ago  The Social Network,  a similar film about a similar subject written by the same Aaron Sorkin, opened to $22.4 million. On top of that, in limited release,  Steve Jobs  was nearly breaking records.The good juju was apparently broken when one of the film s stars, Seth Rogen, the guy who was supposed to provide some box office insurance, launched a profanity-laced attack against Dr. Ben Carson, an attack many saw as race-based against the black Republican presidential candidate.Two weeks ago, just as the film s public relations campaign was gearing up for its national release (and Oscar grab), Rogen fired off a hate-tweet,  Fuck you @realBenCarson.  Rogen claimed he was angry at Carson for suggesting German Jews would have been able to better resist the Nazis had the government not confiscated their firearms in advance of the Holocaust.The backlash against Rogen and  Steve Jobs  was immediate and intense. Many people used their social media accounts to call for a boycott of the film.Just six days ago, Rogen doubled down.The racism charge against Rogen is not without merit. Carson is a black Republican, Canadian Rogen is a white liberal. Going back to the days of slavery, the KKK, and Jim Crow, white Democrats have attacked and attempted to intimidate black people who  don t think right,  who defiantly stand up for their civil rights and threaten the Democrat power structure.Democrats and their DC media allies vehemently disagree with Carson s strong stance in favor of his Second Amendment civil rights. While Democrats can no longer use German Shepherds and fire hoses like their ideological brethren did 50 years, today they use social media to destroy black people who stray from the Liberal Thought Plantation.With Emily Blunt s  Sicario,   Steve Jobs  is now the second film this month to under-perform in the wake of one of its left-wing stars hurling partisan insults. Via: Breitbart News",0
21392,Obama Throws Gasoline On Black Terrorists War On Cops: “The Moment Is Here”,"If a black man is elected president in a country comprised of mostly white citizens is he still considered a  victim?  And should he spend his entire presidency trying to find ways to punish the country he was elected to represent? It s a rhetorical question of course At a White House discussion about improving the  relationship between police departments and  black Americans, President Obama declared that  the moment is here. He meant a chance for big change, and that s the problem. The change he and his allies are achieving is like throwing gasoline on a raging fire.Consider that at about the same time the nation s first black president was speaking to police chiefs and prosecutors, a group called Black Lives Matter was denouncing police brutality in Times Square, real and imagined. In another sad coincidence of timing, they marched as the city was mourning the murder of NYPD Officer Randolph Holder, the fourth New York City cop killed in 11 months.Officer Holder was black, as is his alleged killer, but that mattered not a whit to the protesters. One told Fox News that she hopes Holder s family  realizes that his life is included in the  Black Lives Matter  slogan. We re talking about black bodies being persecuted across the world,  she added.This is nonsense on steroids, yet these are the president s shock troops. Obama and confidante Valerie Jarrett earlier met with the radicals leading the Black Lives Matter movement and encouraged them to keep going, the group has said.Obama, at last Thursday s event, praised the group again while also claiming that  everybody understands that all lives matter. Everybody wants strong, effective law enforcement. Everybody wants their kids to be safe when they are walking across the street. Nobody wants to see police officers who are doing their jobs fairly hurt. Everybody understands it s a dangerous job. His saying so doesn t make it true. The anti-police movement sweeping urban areas proves that many people actually don t want strong law enforcement, and don t have any respect for police work. Many, including those Obama met with, appear to hate all cops.The police-brutality yarn also hides another issue. It is the documented fact that young black men commit violent crimes far out of proportion to their population.The New York City murder rate is typical. Year in, year out, about 90 percent of homicide victims are nonwhite males, as are 90 percent of their killers.Yes, there are bad cops, and they come in all races. But for the president to emphasize that there are brutal and racist cops, presumably white, without citing the staggering rate of black-on-black crime distorts both problems. It also misses the relationship between them.The very nature of police work   to go where the crimes are   means cops will have more charged interactions with young black men than with other racial and ethnic groups. Had Obama acknowledged those realities, and spent serious time in his presidency working toward reducing black crime, he would have far more standing to criticize police and prosecutors.Indeed, he could have, and should have, cited the murder of Officer Holder as an example of the complexity of the issues. An immigrant from Guyana, the 33-year-old Holder came from a family of police officers there and, after five years on the NYPD, had won several awards and aimed to become a detective. The president might have cited Holder s sacrifice, if only to show he understands how a police shooting strikes at the heart of other cops and society as a whole.Obama also could have cited Holder s alleged killer to make another point. Tyrone Howard, 30, is a career criminal who has been arrested 28 times over the last 16 years, including once for the shooting of a 9-year-old boy. Even Mayor de Blasio, who won office by demonizing cops, called Howard  a hardened and violent criminal  who  should not have been on the streets. Howard, facing a six-year prison sentence last May for leading a drug gang, was instead sent to a drug-treatment program by overly lenient judges. He was involved in a shootout with gang rivals last Tuesday when Holder and other officers gave chase. As they got close, Howard allegedly turned and killed the cop with a single shot to the head from an illegal handgun.Facts are stubborn things, but it is probably asking too much for anti-cop bigots to recognize them. Yet for the president of the United States to cheer their movement is more than a mistake. It is another tragic illustration of how Obama is taking America backward. Via: NYP",0
21393,Unreal! Senior Veteran Randomly Attacked Repeatedly By Thug As Onlookers Did Nothing [Video],"This is another example of a thug randomly attacking someone in broad daylight. The woman lied and said she was defending herself but it was all caught on videotape so the truth was right there. The fact that onlookers just stood there and watched because  police had been called    is so wrong. What if this was your father or grandfather? You can see on the video below that this woman was full-on assaulting this 73-year old man. Shameful!A woman was arrested Friday after being seen on video attacking a 73-year-old man in front of an AutoZone on Oct. 10, the Fresno Police Department said.Shvonna Alexander, 27, of Fresno, was arrested after a small stand-off with police, and she told authorities  I was just defending myself from that old man,  police said.On Oct. 10, Vietnam veteran Victor Bejarano, 73, was walking into the AutoZone at 4210 E. Belmont Ave. when he was accosted by Alexander, police said. She demanded Bejarano s wallet but he refused. She followed him into the store and continued the altercation.She attempted on several other occasions to put Bejarano into a headlock, police said. When he left the store, Alexander followed him outside and continued to attack him. A witness told Alexander that the police had been called.Alexander walked away from the scene and left in her vehicle.After the video was released, two tips to Crime Stoppers led police to Alexander at her apartment.Via: Fresno Bee",0
21394,"PRO-ABORTION Activist Speaks To Students At Catholic School, Tells Them It’s Okay To Send Naked Photos","We are devout Catholics, but my daughter goes to a Lutheran College. She messaged me the other day to tell me a group students were parked outside her school s cafeteria with a display and literature defending Planned Parenthood. Needless to say, we were both disappointed by the decision of the college to allow this group of activists to promote abortion in a Christian based college. When our Christian churches stop defending the sanctity of life, we are truly doomed as a society. A Catholic school in Kingston, Ontario, hosted an anti-Catholic abortion activist earlier this week for a  Healthy Relationships/Sexuality Retreat,  in which she told senior students that it is acceptable for a girl to send a naked photo of herself to a boyfriend as long as there is  consent.  The presentation was mandatory for all grade 10 students, and one father says the school gave them no details about the event in advance.Activist Julie Lalonde, 30, not only sits on the board of Canada s leading abortion lobby organization, the Abortion Rights Coalition of Canada, but in 2012 she helped found the anti-Catholic group The Radical Handmaids with the goal of combatting a pro-life motion introduced in the House of Commons at that time. During demonstrations, the activists dress in mockery of Catholic nuns, wearing the cornette, the trademark  butterfly  headpiece formerly worn by St. Vincent de Paul s Daughters of Charity in Montreal.A Catholic father, whose daughter attended Lalonde s presentation at Regiopolis-Notre Dame Catholic High School in Kingston on Monday, was shocked that what he called a  radical anti-Catholic feminist  would be given a platform at a Catholic school. I feel sick about the whole thing, that this is the message our children are receiving at a Catholic high school. It s a message that says there is no right or wrong, there s no moral standards,  Colin MacDougall told LifeSiteNews.MacDougall said that he would have liked his daughter to hear a message that would have simply discouraged people from sending any kind of explicit message or photos. How about the message,  Don t send them in the first place,  he said. You feel just kind of sick that you send your kids to a Catholic school expecting that they would get some flavor of the Catholic message, at the very least, but instead, it goes the other way,  he added.In her presentation, Lalonde focuses on the notion of  consent,  telling students that sending a naked photo is not a  problem  as long as the sender gives full consent. We re not talking about whether or not that girl should be taking the picture in the first place.   For us, what s important is not necessarily whether or not I ve consented to having my photo taken, but the idea of why is it funny [for my boyfriend] to send it to [his] entire hockey team. Lalonde stresses that there is a  huge difference between me and my partners sending pictures to each other, and me sending a picture because I m afraid that if I don t, you re not going to date me anymore.  She makes the argument that it s acceptable for a consenting girl to send a naked photo of herself to her boyfriend, but where she  draws the line  is when that boy then turns around and sends the photo to other people without the girl s consent.A tweet sent out by Lalonde:Examples of cool consent programming at @sheridancollege #daretocare pic.twitter.com/J28EfozcGQ  Julie S. Lalonde (@JulieSLalonde) October 16, 2015 What we want to talk about is this idea that photos going viral doesn t happen on its own. Someone has to initiate that process. Someone has to decide if I m going to send this on to someone else, that person sends it onto someone else And that s a problem. That s the biggest problem,  she said.Via: LifeSite News ",0
21395,CHILLING: How America Looks After 8 Long Years With An Anti-American President,"The shocking truth about how close we are to becoming a one-party fascist stateThis is the most brilliant and scary analysis of where we, as a nation are today Last year a retired Border Patrol Officer by the name of Zach Taylor went on camera to explain the driving force behind the unprecedented surge in illegal immigration happening on our southern border. Taylor went on to note that what was happening at our border was not due to a spur of the moment event, or  a humanitarian crisis , but asymmetrical warfare. The surge we saw at the border was apart of a larger more chilling event that served one purpose and one purpose only, to show our enemies that our southern border had been compromised and the government wouldn t do a damn thing about it.The border was destroyed because of the actions taken by President Barack Obama under the guise of his Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) plan. Simply put, DACA rewrote our immigration laws and created the incentive for illegal aliens to break our laws as Obama deliberately undermined our nation s sovereignty by simply creating his own. The culmination of Obama s DACA has resulted in over 790,000 illegal aliens entering the country from the middle of 2013 to May of 2015, for a total of 2.5 million new illegal immigrants since Obama took office in January of 2009.While the threat comes from without, in this case millions of illegal immigrants, it could not have been possible without the enemy already being inside of the United States. As Mr. Taylor states,  If asymmetrical warfare is going to be successful, the first thing that has to be done is to compromise America s defense against invasion because they have to have their personnel inside the United States to affect the infrastructure   our hospitals, our schools, our electric grid, our power supplies, our water supply   basically what we call infrastructure [which] effects the degeneration from inside the United States.  By drawing away the resources that are intended to protect the United States border in order to care for the illegal immigrants, the border is now wide open and our infrastructure is overloaded. Yet, the  crisis on the border  is only a small part of the larger warfare that s being waged against our country at the hands of our own president. Today the Obama juggernaut is systematically bankrupting our country, and undoing the constitutional arrangements our Founders left to us , writes David Horowitz in his book Fight Fire With Fire. The contempt of the Obama party for consultative and representative government is relentlessly on display. Horowitz goes on to give the example of what our enemy represents with the following statement uttered by then Senate Majority leader Harry Reid as he defended his refusal to negotiate with Republicans over Obamacare and the debt crisis. Reid stated in these words:  We are here to support the federal government. That s our job.  End quote. You ll notice that representing the people for whom our Constitution makes sovereign is not included in Reid s statement.Horowitz then writes the following: My years as a radical prepared me to see much of this coming. But even I never thought we would be looking so soon at the prospect of a one-party system and a fascist state. Those words may sound hyperbolic, but take a moment to think about it. If you have transformed the taxing agency of the state into a political weapon   and Obama has; if you are setting up a massive government program to collect and file the financial and health information of every citizen, and also to control their access to care; and if you have a spy agency that can read the mail and listen to the communications of every individual in the country, you don t really need a secret police to destroy political opponents. You already have the means to do it. This is all the more troubling when you look at the sheer amount of data the Obama administration, or shall I say the Obama government, is collecting on each and every individual living in the United States. To effect the degeneration of the country from within the Obama administration has weaponized the IRS, DOJ, and FBI to target Americans who oppose their agenda. Now, the White House has added a key tool in their arsenal by prying into our most personal information at the most local levels, all for the purpose of  racial and economic justice.  On Saturday, Paul Sperry of the New York Post, uncovered the latest Obama plan that is aimed at collecting personal data for a secret race database. Sperry writes,  Unbeknown to most Americans, Obama s racial bean counters are furiously mining data on their health, home loans, credit cards, places of work, neighborhoods, even how their kids are disciplined in school   all to document  inequalities  between minorities and whites.  It may sound conspiratorial but under this government the only conspiracy is that being committed against Americans who are too distracted by today s latest ginned up political crisis.Sperry continues by noting that,  this Orwellian-style stockpile of statistics includes a vast and permanent network of discrimination databases, which Obama already is using to make  disparate impact  cases against: banks that don t make enough prime loans to minorities; schools that suspend too many blacks; cities that don t offer enough Section 8 and other low-income housing for minorities; and employers who turn down African-Americans for jobs due to criminal backgrounds. Big Brother Barack wants the databases operational before he leaves office, and much of the data in them will be posted online.  This means that so called civil-rights attorneys like those working for the ACLU and urban activist groups will be able to exploit them to show patterns of  racial disparities  and  segregation,  even if no other evidence of discrimination exists. Such databases have never before existed. Obama is presiding over the largest consolidation of personal data in US history. He is creating a diversity police state where government race cops and civil-rights lawyers will micromanage demographic outcomes in virtually every aspect of society , concludes Sperry. If you were to add all the databases created under this administration, including the Obamacare database, known as MIDAS, which retains tens of millions of Obamacare enrollees information, you could quiet literally make the claim that the federal government has data on every single American citizen. In the hands of someone like Obama this becomes of grave concern given his willingness to use such information against his opponents. Now that this information will be made public in order to extort communities deemed  too segregated . Whether it be through the withholding of federal funds for a local community showing a pattern of  racial disparity  or lawsuits against a school that disciplines minorities more than whites, it doesn t much matter. The government will be able to force you to act in a way that it deems socially acceptable as Obama drastically changes the racial makeup of America by enshrining an infrastructure that will continue long after he s gone.All the while this is happening below the surface and under the radar from most Americans, we remain and for good reason, distracted by the latest crisis of the day. A Christian owned Oregon bakery is forced by the state to pay a fine for not baking a cake for a lesbian couple, a woman is killed by an illegal immigrant and 7-time convicted felon in San Francisco, four Marines and one Navy Officer are executed by an Islamic jihadist; none of this would be happening but for Obama s actions. He knew that ISIS had put out a hit list specifically targeting our military, and he did nothing. He cheered on the Supreme Court ruling that legalized gay marriage knowing that it would be used in a way to exploit and destroy businesses specifically owned by Christians. He created the  sanctuary city  policy that has served to protect illegal immigrants while they rape, murder, and assault American citizens like Kate Steinle in San Francisco.All of this is happening because of the enemy we have in the White House. The country is being brought to its knees by overt acts such as the jihadist attack that was met with no response, to covert acts such as the Obama race database. Yet, no resistance is met to counter the agenda of the Obama adminstration. Even the capacity of the American people to determine their own national interests are being torn asunder without any fight, without even so much as a whimper from Congress. Without a pushback, the adminstration goes about acting without repercussion held to no degree of accountability. With impeachment and the power of the purse both taken off the table by Congress, America is literally at the whim of Obama as the only checks that exist today on what the president can do is what he personally thinks he can get away with and what his political incentives are.So the adminstration pushes full steam ahead without any concern for the American people themselves. Nowhere is this more apparent, on a foreign policy scale, than with the adminstration s nuclear deal with Iran. As Andrew McCarthy of National Review writes,  At the U.N. today, the Obama administration is colluding with our enemies and other foreign sovereigns to deprive the American people   through their elected representatives   of the power to determine what obligations they will accept under international law. The Obama administration has taken the position that Russia, China, and, yes, Iran, have a vote on our national security, but we do not. And in this betrayal, Congress has, at best, been a witless aider and abettor.  At worst, they ve gone along with the adminstration in committing treason against the United States of America.I believe in the latter.Via: Politically Short",0
21396,CANADA’S OBAMA? WATCH New Prime Minister Call Himself A “Proud Feminist”…Promises To Raise Taxes On Wealthy And Welcome More Syrian “Refugees” [Video],"The global wussification of the male Identifying as a feminist may be more and more commonplace if you re a millennial or Taylor Swift, but it s still pretty rare to see politicians describe themselves thus. But Canada s newly elected prime minister, 43-year-old Justin Trudeau, doesn t seem to have that problem.In an interview, co-sponsored by the Toronto Star, which aired on Monday night before the election (Oct. 18), Trudeau was asked by journalist Francine Pelletier if he would describe himself as a feminist. There seems to be a lot of anger,  Pelletier asked,  not just at women, but at feminism and feminists. Would you describe yourself as a feminist?   Yes. Yes, I am a feminist,  said Trudeau.  I m proud to be a feminist.  He went on to tell Pelletier that his mother raised him to be that way, and that his father, the popular two-time former prime minister Pierre Trudeau,  was a different generation, but he raised me to respect and defend everyone s rights, and I deeply grounded my own identity in that.  Via: QuartzCanada s newly-elected Liberal government is expected to pull the country out of its combat mission against Isis and to welcome a further 25,000 Syrian refugees after ending almost a decade of Conservative rule.Justin Trudeau, the son of the late Canadian premier Pierre Trudeau, led his father s Liberal party back to power on Monday with an unexpectedly decisive election victory. Prime Minister Stephen Harper s Conservatives, blamed for a stagnant economy and controversial policies on immigration and terrorism, were swept aside as the Liberals captured a clear majority: 184 of the 338 seats in Ottawa s House of Commons.Mr Trudeau, a photogenic 43-year-old whose father was Prime Minister for more than 15 years between 1968 and 1984, is a sometime actor and former schoolteacher. He sprang on to the public stage when he delivered the eulogy at his father s funeral in 2000, and has been an MP since 2008.Addressing supporters in Montreal as the results rolled in on Monday night, Mr Trudeau said his party had defeated  negative, divisive politics with a positive vision that brings Canadians together,  adding:  It s time for a change in this country, my friends, a real change. The Liberals have vowed to end to Canadian involvement in the US-led combat mission against Isis in Syria and Iraq, with Mr Trudeau saying he would focus instead on humanitarian efforts. He has also pledged to invest CA$250m ( 125m) to process new refugees from the region, and to withdraw Canada from the F-35 stealth fighter jet programme, an initiative by 12 countries including the US and UK.Canada s progressive style of social democracy, long contrasted with the politics of the US, had taken a turn to the right under Mr Harper, a neoconservative who cut taxes and took a more aggressive approach to foreign policy than his predecessors. His stimulus package helped Canada to emerge relatively unscathed from the global financial crisis, but more recently the country s economy, closely tied to plummeting oil prices, has contracted.The government s ungenerous handling of the refugee crisis and the passage this year of a controversial anti-terrorism law   which the Liberals intend to amend   proved unpopular with many Canadians. The Conservatives were also accused of stoking anti-Muslim sentiment in a row over whether women would be permitted to wear the niqab when they took the oath of citizenship.Mr Harper resigned as leader after seeing his party reduced from 159 to just 99 seats in Monday s election.  We put it all on the line, we gave everything we have to give, and we have no regrets whatsoever,  he said during a concession speech in his Calgary constituency.  The people of Canada have elected a Liberal government, which we accept without hesitation. The Liberals, who held power for 80 of the 110 years between 1896 and 2006, when Mr Harper was first elected, had shrunk at the last election to become the Ottawa Parliament s third largest party, behind the left-wing New Democratic Party (NDP).Read more ",0
21397,THIS Is How Far The Left Will Go To Protect Hillary Clinton…Sick!,"Jeffrey Toobin chimes in to protect Hillary Clinton and it is in very poor taste but mostly untrue.  The reason Mr. Toobin s claim is untrue is that Amb. Stevens asked for more security 600 times! He knew the dangers but was not putting anyone at risk   it was the State Department that failed him by not adding more security!During one of the breaks in Hillary Clinton s testimony on Benghazi, Jeffrey Toobin insinuated that Ambassador Chris Stevens purposely put himself in harm s way.Stevens travelled to Benghazi from Tripoli on September 10, 2012 and planned to stay until September 14, 2012. Stevens only had two Diplomatic Security personnel with him.Committee member Rep. Lynn Westmoreland (R-Ga.) said that Stevens had asked Clinton and her State Department multiple times for extra protection. Clinton said that Stevens did not have her personal email account but had the means to call or email any relevant person at the State Department. He had the email and he had the direct line of everybody that he worked with for years. He had been posted with officials in the State Department. They had gone through difficult, challenging, dangerous assignments together. He was in constant contact with people. Yes, he and the people working for him asked for more security. Some of those requests were approved, others were not,  Clinton said.Toobin said to CNN s Wolf Blitzer that Stevens purposely put himself and the security team in dangerous situation. Yes, Mr. Toobin, blaming the victim is in very poor taste: ",0
21398,NOT KIDDING! Obama’s Education Department Wants Schools To Celebrate” Undocumented Immigrant Awareness Day”,"Barack Hussein Obama the most anti-American President to ever occupy the White House This isn t an article from The Onion. Obama s Department of Education is proposing that schools spend a week celebrating illegal aliens, including an  undocumented immigrant awareness day.  Can  Celebrate Destruction of America Day  be far behind?The document, which was released on Tuesday, also urges schools to provide welcoming environments for illegal alien students by hosting events such as  Undocumented Week. The guide also provides tips for schools and educators on how to support illegal alien youth who are in high school and college. It also provides information for non-citizens on how to access federal financial aid[.]The guide also urges schools to create welcoming environments for such students.Suggestions for how to support the students including hosting  an undocumented immigrant awareness day. You know, my idea of an  undocumented immigrant awareness day  is being educated what an illegal alien looks like and how to report them to the police. But in Obama s America, it s all about throwing them a big party, complete with a Donald Trump pi ata. Consider partnering with community and stakeholder groups to amplify the event,  the guide suggests.A  stakeholder group ? Are they talking about taxpayers or citizens?Other proposals include:  Publicly demonstrate support for undocumented students   How do you think schools will  demonstrate support  for undocumented students?Student:  Hey, Pedro, I know you re in the country illegally, but we re cool with that. We think all laws should be enforced, except ones that inconvenience you.  and  educate all students about the challenges and strengths of undocumented students, such as by hosting an Undocumented Week. Challenges are easy. Figuring out how to sign up for welfare. Filling out the paperwork to register to vote. Each day, highlight an issue faced by undocumented students or celebrate an accomplishment of the undocumented immigrant community,  it continues.What accomplishments? Living off the American taxpayer? Continuing to resist learning our language? Our nation s public schools should be welcoming, safe, and supportive places where all students, regardless of their zip code or where they were born, are given the opportunity to succeed,  John King, a senior adviser at the Department of Education said in a statement. regardless of what ZIP code they were born in? King is making it sound as though we re discriminating against people born in a different part of Nebraska. These are people from other countries who came here illegally. Why should we be welcoming people who invaded our borders illegally? Via: American Thinker",0
21399,"SWEDEN HOUSES 600+ MUSLIM REFUGEES In Luxury Ski Resort…Refugees Complain: “It was terrible, just wind and snow, and the roads were slippery”","Nothing but the best for soldiers of the caliphate invading the Social-Democratic led country of Sweden More than 600 asylum seekers are set to move into the world s most northerly ski resort as Sweden struggles to find enough temporary accommodation for record numbers of new arrivals.Riksgr nsen, which sits 200 kilometres above the Arctic Circle close to Sweden s border with Norway, is set to welcome the refugees following a deal between the resort s owner and the Swedish Migration Agency, Migrationsverket. As everyone knows, there is a refugee crisis in the world. Now asylum seekers are arriving in Sweden and Migrationsverket has a major urgent need to find temporary housing to accommodate all those who need help. We at Lapland Resorts AB are very pleased to be able to help,  Sven Kuldkepp, CEO of Lapland Resorts, told Swedish newspaper Norrbottenskuriren via email on Wednesday.  Why leave it empty and cold when it can be quite full and warm,  he added in a separate comment.Kuldepp explained that the refugees would be allowed to stay in Riksgr nsen until February 2016, when the main tourist ski season would get under way.He said that the plan would  not affect our ordinary activities  but added that he hoped that his resort would also be able to create jobs for some of the asylum seekers.The move comes amid a push from Sweden s Social Democrat-led government to encourage municipalities across Sweden to take in more refugees.At the moment, the vast majority of asylum seekers end up in either Stockholm, Gothenburg or Malm .But Northern Sweden is becoming a more common base for asylum seekers. On Friday a group of 19 Eritreans landed in Lule  and were taken to  stersund as part of the first phase of a programme to relocate tens of thousands of refugees within the EU.However some campaigners have raised concerns about people raised in Africa or the Middle East adapting to the dark and freezing conditions in the region.In January, a group of refugees taken to a housing centre near  stersund initially refused to get off a bus after claiming that they had been told by officials that they would be living close to Stockholm and instead finding themselves driven 15 hours north. We were coming to an area in the middle of the forest we know nothing about, just snow and wind and nothing else,  Esam Taha, 36, from Syria, told The Local this week, reflecting on the chaos. It was terrible, just wind and snow, and the roads were slippery. The moment we got out of the bus we slipped and fell down,  he explained.But the asylum seeker says he now expects to settle in the area and argues that other refugees might not find it too tricky to adapt to the frozen north.More refugees have sought asylum in Sweden so far in 2015 than in any other year in the Nordic nation s history, new figures released by the country s Migration Agency revealed on Monday.86,223 people have launched cases, surpassing a previous record set in 1992 when 84,016 people sought asylum following fighting in the Balkans.Via: The Local se",0
21400,BREAKING: Biden Won’t Run…Is It Because Biden And Obama Can’t Risk Repercussions Of Exposing Hillary? [VIDEO],"This announcement seems to indicate that the Obama regime already knows Hillary is going to be walking away unscathed from the Benghazi hearings tomorrow   Fox News host Andrea Tantaros is pretty sure that Vice President Joe Biden announced on Wednesday that he will not run for president as part of an administration-wide plan to cover up the Benghazi scandal.During a discussion about Biden s decision not to enter the Democratic presidential primary on  Outnumbered,  Tantaros said that the timing of Biden s announcement was suspicious. But when you look at the two scandals that we re facing, that all eyes are going to be on tomorrow, Benghazi, and the email scandal   these are administration-wide scandals. All three of them, President Obama, Joe Biden, Hillary Clinton were there that night. This is their scandal as well,  she said.  This email scandal is their scandal as well. There is no way, there is no chance, that Joe Biden, and President Obama, and their national security team did not know that she was using a private server, breaking the law. They are all in on this, and they are circling the wagons. I cannot stress this enough. This goes all the way to the West Wing, both Benghazi, and the email scandal, and you re watching it play out exactly today. The timing is not a coincidence!  Tantaros continued.John Bolton, who served as the U.S. ambassador to the U.N. under President George W. Bush, agreed with Tantaros. This is an administration-wide problem because it wasn t just Hillary Clinton s failure on Sept. 11, 2012, it was the failure of the administration s world view,  Bolton said.  I really think this was careful political planning. I think they knew today was the right day to do it. Watch Joe the Clown s announcement here:Conservatives sometimes cry  distraction  when breaking news interrupts coverage of a scandal that Republicans are obsessing over. In particular, conservatives often try their hardest to link any news back to Benghazi, a favorite Obama administration scandal.Via: TMP",0
21401,"SHOCKER! CNN’s Jake Tapper Puts Lying Palestinian Propagandist In His Place: “If I Run At A Cop With A Knife, I’m Going To Get Shot” [VIDEO]","He s a little late to the party, but we d like to congratulate Jake Tapper on calling out this PLO Representative s misrepresentation of the truth ",0
21402,UN Celebrates Its 70th Anniversary With Communist Statue In NYC Park,"In case you hadn t heard, Obama signed a new UN development plan to make America a socialist nation by 2030. Yes, it s true and the UN is celebrating by unveiling a statue celebrating our  global citizenship .  Here are a few of the important points in the plan that spell out the  shared responsibility  with the globe and then information below about the statue in NYC: Communists say that Socialism is the stepping stone to Communism, and the UN 2030 Sustainable Development agenda won t fail to disappoint them. Socialism hinges on several economic factors which coincide with sustainable development goals. They are universal healthcare, universal education, universal employment, and wealth redistribution. All of these are outlined clearly in the UN agreement.For example on the subject of universal healthcare, on page 6, section 26 of  Transforming our World: The 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development  in the section titled  The New Agenda  it states:26. To promote physical and mental health and well-being, and to extend life expectancy for all, we must achieve universal health coverage and access to quality health care. No one must be left behind. We commit to accelerating the progress made to date in reducing newborn, child and maternal mortality by ending all such preventable deaths before 2030. We are committed to ensuring universal access to sexual and reproductive health-care services, including for family planning, information and education.This goal is also repeated as Sustainable Development Goal #3, page 14, section 3.8:3.8 Achieve universal health coverage, including financial risk protection, access to quality essential health-care services and access to safe, effective, quality and affordable essential medicines and vaccines for all.As it pertains to wealth redistribution and universal employment the proof is found on page 7, section 27:27. We will seek to build strong economic foundations for all our countries. Sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth is essential for prosperity. This will only be possible if wealth is shared and income inequality is addressed. We will work to build dynamic, sustainable, innovative and people-centred economies, promoting youth employment and women s economic empowerment, in particular, and decent work for all.Universal employment is also mentioned on page 12 as Sustainable Development Goal #8:Goal 8. Promote sustained, inclusive and sustainable economic growth, full and productive employment and decent work for all.The last time I read the words  shared responsibility  it was when I discovered that the Obamacare fine imposed by the IRS for failing to have health insurance was called the Individual Shared Responsibility Payment. While I thought this had to be a veiled reference to some Marxist dictator s quote, it now appears that it has more to do with the Progressive globalization movement.This weekend the United Nations is set to celebrate its 70th anniversary. As apart of those celebrations the U.N. will unveil a new work of art in New York City titled Enlightened Universe. The U.N. claims this new sculpture is all about Global Citizenship and Shared Responsibility: In celebration of the seventieth anniversary of the United Nations, a monumental art installation entitled Enlightened Universe will be unveiled on Saturday, 24 October, at 4:30 p.m. at the Rumsey Playfield in Central Park. The installation   created by Spanish artist Crist bal Gabarr n   is presented by The Gabarron Foundation in partnership with the United Nations.The commemorative work of art depicts 70 life-size figures joined in hand around a central globe, creating a human chain of global citizenship, respect for nature and shared responsibility. The sphere measures 6,371 millimetres in diameter to correspond to the Earth s average radius of 6,371 kilometres. The 70 figures represent the 70 years of the United Nations. Rumsey Playfield, where the sculpture is to be erected, is an area of the Central Park where concerts and other events are held.Considering that the new United Nations Sustainable Development Plan calls for the United States to become a Socialist nation by 2030, it s not surprising that Obamacare, which was designed to push the U.S. towards government run healthcare, and the United Nations, would  share  the same collectivist, albeit Marxist, vocabulary.Via: Progressives Today",0
21403,CA Middle School Won’t Release Student Council Election Results…Winners Aren’t Diverse Enough,"Your daily dose of insanity A San Francisco middle school withheld the results of a student council election because the principal was concerned about the lack of diversity among the winners of the top four spots. Eighty percent of the children who attend Everett Middle School in the Mission District are students of color and Lena Van Haren was alarmed no Latino or black candidates were chosen for the top council spots.Only white, Asian and mixed-race students, who are in the minority at Everett, were elected to the top four spots during the October 9 election, which prompted Van Haren to delay releasing the results.Van Haren, 36, informed parents about the delay via email and said the community had to create a  council that is truly representative of all voices at Everett , the San Francisco Chronicle reported.She also scheduled a meeting with all the student candidates to discuss ways to make the results more representative of the student body and brought up the possibility of adding new council positions, according to KTVU.The principal said:  I m very hopeful this can be a learning experience and actually be something that embodied our vision which is to help students make positive change. We re not nullifying the election, we re not cancelling the election and we re not saying this didn t count. Via: Daily Mail",0
21404,EXPOSED POPULATION CONTROL CAMPAIGN: Influential Billionaire Secretly Donates $21 Million Per Year To Planned Parenthood,"The same guy who donated tens of millions of dollars to Obama s campaign (the first black president) is donation tens of millions to keep the black population in check via Planned Parenthood. How do these evil people sleep at night? Three weeks after I left my job at the clinic, Planned Parenthood took me to court. I am always asked,  Why would they take you to court? Did they have something to hide?  Well, yes. They absolutely had something to hide. They didn t want me sharing the information in this article. Let s expose the truth, shall we?Yes, I do realize that releasing this information puts me in a precarious situation. But it s always better for the truth to be out no matter the cost.It was life changing. I remember the first time we were able to make an appointment with our new funding it was called  The Justice Fund.  After we had given the woman all of the necessary information about her abortion appointment, we asked her if she wanted to apply for a funding program to help pay for her abortion. She of course said yes. We went through her income and expenses and determined she was eligible for funding. We informed her that she would only have to pay $100 of the $400 cost. The woman began to cry on the phone. So I began to cry. Wow. We were going to change so many lives with this money, this  Justice Fund. When we were first told about The Justice Fund, we were told that the money had been given by an anonymous donor. Whoever this person was wanted to be kept totally anonymous. We, as clinic directors, weren t even given the information. The only people who knew were the board members of the National Abortion Federation (NAF). My boss happened to be on the board of NAF, and we were pretty close. Eventually, over some drinks at the annual NAF conference, she spilled the beans.For months, we had just known this person as  the donor.  At the annual Planned Parenthood conference, there was a woman there representing  the donor.  She never said her name to the crowd just said that she was so honored to be among all of us all of us who were protecting women s rights. She said that  the donor  was so proud to work with us. We knew that  the donor  was giving NAF up to $21 million dollars every year to help poor women pay for their abortions.Here s how the program worked. While scheduling a woman for an abortion, we would ask her if she would like financial assistance to help pay for her abortion. Um, of course they did. We would then go through a screening tool given to us by NAF. Pretty much everyone qualified and if they didn t we would rearrange the numbers so they did. Then, we would bill the amount owed to our clinic directly to NAF. They would then send the bill to  the donor  and then  the donor  would send our check to NAF. They would turn around and send the check to our clinic.During the first year of the  Justice Fund,  our abortion numbers grew by 100%. We literally doubled our abortion number. Abortion was much easier to sell when you didn t have the financial burden attached to it.About six months into the program, the rules changed. I guess we were billing too much, too fast. Now,  the donor  would only pay 40% of the cost, instead of 75%. That was fine. The women were still so grateful to have a huge chunk of money taken off of their bill. Now they were paying $240 for their $400 abortion. I remember our  frequent flyers  being angry when we told them that the rules of the program had changed. They wanted that 75% discount! Couldn t we make an exception for them since they had so many abortions at our clinic? Sometimes we would. Sometimes we would bill  the donor  for the entire amount. I mean, he didn t care. They weren t actually looking to see if we were implementing the program correctly. They just got the bill from us and sent the check. They knew we were trustworthy. Ha. Ha.So, my answer to why Planned Parenthood took me to court? Well, I think it was for two reasons.1). They wanted to make an example out of me.  See workers, if you defect from us, you will find yourself in court, too. 2). Because I knew the ins and outs of the plan funded by  the donor and, I knew his name. In 2003, there was a big scandal that broke out surrounding the company Pampered Chef. The majority of people selling this kitchenware were stay-at-home moms. Many of them were pro-life women. So imagine their surprise when they found out that the new owner of their company, Warren Buffett, had given millions to the abortion industry, primarily Planned Parenthood. Suddenly, there was a mass exodus from the company. Women were done selling their overpriced spatulas. You can see more about that story here.So, when Warren Buffett decided that he wanted to start this  Justice Fund  in order to donate $21 million a year to the abortion industry, you better believe that he wanted to remain anonymous. He tried to disguise the donations under the foundation started by him in the name of his wife, Susan Thompson Buffett. But the 990s are for public consumption. Anyone can see where they are spending their money. Here s the most up to date financials for his foundation. Click the year to view the 990 for that year.201120122013I encourage you to take the time to look through these 990s so you can see the organizations that he funds. He gave a boatload of money to the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists (ACOG). It s no wonder they have so diligently fought legislation like banning partial-birth abortions. He gave 2 million dollars to the group called  Catholics for Choice.  Of course, they are not recognized by the Roman Catholic Church and in fact have essentially excommunicated themselves from the Church.Warren Buffett is single-handedly influencing many universities and medical institutions with his money. My advice is this. Read through the list. Find organizations to write letters to. Let them know that you will no longer be a supporter until they stop applying for grants to the Buffett Foundation. Maybe invite your friends over and have a letter-writing get-together. Send stacks of letters to these organizations. Make your voices heard! You may think that your small voice doesn t matter. But if your voice is paired with hundreds of other voices, these organizations will take notice.Paying for low income women to have abortions is all part of Buffett s  population control  campaign. After all, as Planned Parenthood s founder Margaret Sanger said, minorities are  reckless breeders  who should be  eliminated from the human garden.  The population control campaign is inherently racist as is the  pro-choice  position. I wish I had a dollar for every pro-choicer who told me that abortion has to be accessible for poor women as if being poor makes you an unfit mother.It seems that Warren Buffett and his beloved Planned Parenthood are two peas in a pod trying to eliminate the  poor,  one life at a time. Via: Life Site News",0
21405,ILLEGALS BEFORE AMERICAN CITIZENS: ACLU Sues 3 Missouri Colleges For Refusing Tuition Benefits To Illegal Aliens,"Obama s fundamental transformation of America s education system The American Civil Liberties Union is suing three public colleges in Missouri for denying in-state tuition to illegal immigrants, claiming that the law the schools are following is invalid.The Missouri chapter of the ACLU announced in a press release Tuesday that it has filed lawsuits against the University of Missouri, St. Louis Community College, and the Metropolitan Community College in Kansas City on behalf of three students who recently experienced tuition increases that the organization considers illegal.All three students are enrolled in the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, which grants immunity from deportation to individuals who arrived in the country illegally before the age of 16, but does not confer actual citizenship.The tuition hikes came after the state passed a bill this summer, HB 3, stating that  no funds shall be expended at public institutions of higher education that offer a tuition rate to any student with an unlawful immigration status in the United States that is less than the tuition rate charged to international students. Missouri law already prohibited public colleges and universities from providing institutional financial aid to students who are  unlawfully present in the United States,  but The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that some lawmakers had become concerned that the language would not apply to DACA students, prompting them to propose the new wording in an effort to clarify the law s meaning.Despite the misgivings of some administrators, the state s colleges dutifully complied, sending letters to affected students in July informing them of the mandated tuition increases even as some schools sought to offset the hikes with other forms of financial aid funded by private donations, which the law allows.Democratic Gov. Jay Nixon, however, offered a conflicting interpretation of the bill upon signing it into law, arguing that the language in question is not legally binding because it occurs in the preamble of the bill, rather than in the body. The Governor has been quite clear in order to change the law, you have to pass legislation,  press secretary Scott Holste told St. Louis Public Radio.  The language in the enacting clause of House Bill 3 or in the enacting clause of any other bill is not legally binding nor is it enforceable.  Via: Campus Reform",0
21406,“LIBERAL BULLY” Middle School Teacher Tells Students 13 Yr. Old Black Conservative’s “Not Worth Saving in a Fire” [VIDEO],"Outspoken conservative CJ Pearson hasn t heard from the White House and doesn t expect   to receive an invitation A teacher at Columbia Middle School in Evans, Georgia allegedly told his students that outspoken 13-year-old black conservative CJ Pearson was  not worth saving in a fire,  and that he  hated him. This is just the latest example of how liberals seem to believe that hate speech is acceptable so long as it s directed at those on the right   and especially minority conservatives.Via Paul Joseph Watson at Infowars:Pearson previously made headlines after his Twitter account was blocked by President Obama s official Twitter account following a video in which Pearson criticized Obama over his response to the  Clock Kid  controversy. White House officials also made fun of the teenager.Pearson was told by several other students in his class that teacher Michael Garrison said CJ is  not worth saving in a fire  and that he  hates him. The teacher also accused Pearson of cheating on a vocabulary test when he was in sixth grade, a claim that Pearson denies. It s always great having a teacher that s not only a liberal bully, but someone who engages in slander,  Pearson told BizPac Review.  My words are bold and I don t expect everyone to agree. But to have a teacher say this about me? Completely inexcusable. School principal Eli Putnam has promised a full investigation into the matter. Pearson accuses the teacher of violating the school s bullying policy. Via: Gateway PunditHere s conservative CJ Pearson asking Barack Obama:  Does every Muslim that can build a clock gets a presidential invitation?  ",0
21407,WE WILL NOT COMPLY! VA Residents Refuse To Obey Leftist Governor’s Ban On Confederate Flag License Plates,"The first shot against PC tyranny in Virginia has been fired!Earlier this year, after racist terrorist Dylann Storm Roof was charged with shooting nine black people in a Charleston, South Carolina, church, the media and Democrats across the nation embarked on a crusade to wipe the Confederate flag from society.One of the crusaders, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, decided to get rid of license plates containing the Confederate flag altogether and informed those with such license plates that they had until October to hand the license plates over to the Department of Motor Vehicles.Those found driving with the plates will be charged with a misdemeanor.On Friday, local station WAVY reported that the vast majority of citizens with such license plates have refused to comply with the government s flag-recall notice. The DMV stated that just 187 Virginians had returned their license plates out of 1,600 who had received a recall notice.One of those who has refused to heed the call is Kevin Collier, commander of the Stonewall Camp of the Sons of Confederate Veterans, whose great-great-great-grandfather fought with the Confederacy.  Next thing you know, they re going to say you can t wear blue on Monday  or you can t wear yellow on Thursday,  he told WAVY.  Where s it going to end? The answer: It isn t. In forwarding the regulation, McAuliffe said the Confederate flag was  unnecessarily divisive and hurtful.  He added,  Even its display on state-issued license tags is, in my view, unnecessarily divisive and hurtful to too many of our people.  Apparently, McAuliffe missed the fact that the victims in Charleston did not suffer from hurt feelings thanks to license plates, but from murder at the hands of a racist renegade criminal. But government s job is now to protect feelings rather than lives. Via: Breitbart News",0
21408,SAY WHAT? Tide Detergent Joins Forces With Open Borders Organization La Raza To “Wash Away Racism” [VIDEO],"I wish there was some way I could let Tide Detergent Co. know that I don t approve of their association with the radical open borders, no voter ID required, social justice extremism group La Raza. Oh wait there is  Thank goodness we too have choices  when it comes to laundry detergent, just like Tide s choice to align themselves with this leftist anti-American group.Detergent company Tide is helping to  wash away  racist labels, and its partner in the project is La Raza (literally  The Race ), a notorious  racialist  activist group that espouses open-borders radicalism.In a new Tide ad, a handful of Latinos discuss some of the demeaning labels they ve encountered in America. Look, I could tell you a long list of all the things people call us,  one man says. Gardener, being  naco,'  says another. I think it s beaners,  frijoleros,'  adds a woman. Drug dealer,  says another young man. Usually people call us  mojados,'  says the first interviewee. I don t like to hear when people refer to all Cubans as  balseros,'  says a man with a salt-and-pepper goatee. Hispanics are labeled all the time,  the screen reads.https://youtu.be/j_XMalvsutkThe video then explains that using ketchup instead of ink, Tide printed T-shirts with the racial smears. The participants are then asked to walk around the room with the shirts and respond to the hateful labels they gave Tide to print. The first thing that came to my mind is that this is an insult to all Cubans,  said the man with the goatee in response to the shirt that contained the demeaning name he had mentioned.Holding the  beaners  shirt, the woman says,  In a way this is how a lot of people think To be labeling people  it s really a low thing to do,  says another participant.The ad then shifts to a montage of washing the shirts, revealing, surprise!, Tide has successfully washed the hurtful names away. The next montage features the interviewees writing in their own positive labels, like  decentes  (decent, honest),  trabajadores  (workers),  valientes,  (brave, courageous) and  luchadores  (fighters).The sponsors of the ad are Tide and La Raza, an activist group notorious for its race-baiting and overtly racist positions. If its name isn t a clear enough declaration of its racially motivated intentions, The Race s political positions have made clear that its goal is the promotion of the Hispanic race through open-borders radicalism and social justice activism. A few of the group s positions: it opposes voter ID laws, building a wall on the souther border and cooperation between local officials, and federal immigration officials (in other words,  sanctuary cities ). It supports drivers licenses and in-state tuition for illegals, and voter ID. Via: Daily Wire",0
21409,SHOCKING VIDEO: New Rape Clinic For Men Opens In Sweden Where Muslim “Asylum Seekers” Are Raping Swedish Citizens At Alarming Rate,"This is an eye-opening story and should be shared worldwide In Sweden, Muslim immigrants account for 5 percent of its population but commit 77 percent of its crime. Sweden s  rape crisis  is a direct result of an influx of Muslim  asylum seekers. Amnesty International reports that Sweden has the highest number of rapes in Europe and the lowest conviction rate. According to Swedish Public Radio, in Stockholm alone, over 1,000 Swedish women reported that a Muslim immigrant raped them; 300 were under age 15. (One third of those living in Stockholm are immigrants; 24 percent are Muslim). These numbers represent only 25 percent of all rapes in Stockholm because officials claim the majority are unreported. Despite this, the Swedish National Council for Crime Prevention and the European Commissioner for Home Affairs  refuse to admit the assailants are Muslim. Forty years after the Swedish parliament unanimously decided to change the formerly homogenous Sweden into a multicultural country, violent crime has increased by 300% and rapes by 1,472%. Sweden is now number two on the list of rape countries, surpassed only by Lesotho in Southern Africa.Significantly, the report does not touch on the background of the rapists. One should, however, keep in mind that in statistics, second-generation immigrants are counted as Swedes.In an astounding number of cases, the Swedish courts have demonstrated sympathy for the rapists, and have acquitted suspects who have claimed that the girl wanted to have sex with six, seven or eight men.Michael Hess, a local politician from Sweden Democrat Party, encouraged Swedish journalists to get acquainted with Islam s view of women, in connection with the many rapes that took place in Cairo s Tahrir Square during the  Arab Spring . Hess wrote,  When will you journalists realize that it is deeply rooted in Islam s culture to rape and brutalize women who refuse to comply with Islamic teachings. There is a strong connection between rapes in Sweden and the number of immigrants from MENA-countries [Middle East and North Africa]. This remark led to Michael Hess being charged with  denigration of ethnic groups  [hets mot folkgrupp], a crime in Sweden. In May last year, he was handed a suspended jail sentence and a fine   the suspension was due to the fact that he had no prior convictions. The verdict has been appealed to a higher court.For many years, Michael Hess lived in Muslim countries, and he is well acquainted with Islam and its view of women. During his trial, he provided evidence of how sharia law deals with rape, and statistics to indicate that Muslims are vastly overrepresented among perpetrators of rape in Sweden. However, the court decided that facts were irrelevant.Here is a horrible story of a mother of two raped repeatedly by 7 Muslim  refugees  in Sweden:American Thinker -Jihad is one of the five  pillars  of Islam, the obligatory duties of every Muslim. Like Obama and all the rest, Sweden s political class is trying to say the obvious   no hate preaching, no violence   without actually saying so.Violence. The city of Malm , with a Muslim majority, is now the violent rape capital of Sweden. Socialist politicians are directly responsible for the suicidal mass immigration policy in Europe, where 44 million Muslims now live. Some of them seem to be assimilating to their host culture. Many are not. But the political elite everywhere in Europe can t admit to their suicidal immigration policy mistake. Which makes it impossible for Europe to fix their self-inflicted death sentence.In Sweden and Europe generally, nobody is yet allowed to talk about reducing mass immigration of violence-prone Muslims coming from the tribal lands of Pakistan, Afghanistan and the rest.Because that would be racist.Non-traditional sex is very, very prized in PC Sweden. LGBTs are a protected victim group, which means they have the power to expose, scapegoat, and, if possible, even fire dissenting heterosexuals from their jobs.Which is why Muslim migrants from the tribal lands of Central Asia see their hosts as ripe for religiously sanctioned violence and rape. So the Swedes are caught between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea.When politically correct ideologues can actually quote these verses from the Quran, they may begin to address the problem:Qur an (33:50)    O Prophet! We have made lawful to thee thy wives to whom thou hast paid their dowers; and those (slaves) whom thy right hand possesses out of the prisoners of war whom Allah has assigned to thee Qur an (8:69)    But (now) enjoy what ye took in war, lawful and good But just as Obama can t talk sensibly about jihad warfare in Islam, neither can the European socialists.Now, next door to Sweden, Norway recently expelled almost a thousand Muslim immigrants for serious crimes, and behold! The violent crime rate dropped by 30% in Norway. Amazing but true.Europe still suffers from a paralyzing multiculturalist hangover. It is awash in the mind-fog of PC, although here and there signs of sanity are gradually showing up like wildflowers after winter. The biggest trouble is that today s political class rose to power on the multicultural reign of intimidation.  Racist  scapegoats were viciously smeared by politicians, the media, and the schools, enforced by eager volunteers.The internet radio station Granskning Sverige called the mainstream newspapers Aftonposten and Expressen to ask why they had described the perpetrators as  Swedish men  when they actually were Somalis without Swedish citizenship. They were hugely offended when asked if they felt any responsibility to warn Swedish women to stay away from certain men. One journalist asked why that should be their responsibility.A hospital in Stockholm is understood to be first in the world to set up an emergency department specifically for male rape victims. The clinic at S dersjukhuset opened on Thursday as part of a strategy to ensure  gender equal  patient care.S dersjukhuset already runs a round-the-clock walk-in clinic for women and girls who have been sexually assaulted in the city, treating between 600 and 700 patients a year. Now, the hospital, which hosts the largest emergency care unit in the Nordic region, is opening its doors to men and boys who are victims of rape and sex attacks. We are happy that we now can finally open the first rape clinic for men following the rape clinic for women,  Rasmus Jonlund, a press spokesperson for the Liberal Party, which led the campaign for the department in the Swedish capital, told The Local just ahead of the launch. It is the first in Sweden ( ) We think it is the first in the world. We haven t found another from our research on the world wide web,  he added.Buckle up America Unless President Trump is allowed to change the way we vet refugees coming into America from nations where rape is acceptable, this will be coming to America s door step very soon ",0
21410,THE TALLY IS IN: Total Number Of Lies Told By Queen Of The Clinton Crime Syndicate During Debate,"Thanks to Ben Shapiro of Breitbart News, we now know the answer to that question:Tuesday night s debate featured a master class on lying from the lying liar who lies about her lies, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.She spoke for approximately 24 minutes, and aside from her opening statement    I m Hillary Clinton    virtually every word that exited her mouth was untrue. But because Hillary appeared to be lady with mild socialist depression in a full-blown socialist insane asylum, nobody laid a glove on her.Thus it is left to us to debunk her various obfuscations and untruths. Here we go. I have spent a very long time   my entire adult life   looking for ways to find the ways for each child to live up to his or her God-given potential.  Well, unless you re an unborn child. Then, get ready for a trip down the sink. Yes, finally, fathers will be able to say to their daughters, you, too, can grow up to be president.  Technically, you ll have to marry a president first, however. Actually, I have been very consistent.  Anderson Cooper asked Hillary about her shifting positions on issues ranging from the Iraq war to same-sex marriage to the Trans-Pacific Partnership. She then dropped that whopper. Hillary has been one of the least consistent major party candidates in American history. She then dropped a series of lies about her own positional changes. And then she finally concluded that she had a  range of views, but they are rooted in my values and my experience.  Those values are  becoming president  and her experience is  reading the polls. I did say, when I was secretary of state, three years ago, that I hoped it would be the gold standard. It was just finally negotiated last week, and in looking at it, it didn t meet my standards.  This is plainly untrue. Here s what she said in 2012 about the TPP:  This TPP sets the gold standard in trade agreements to open free, transparent, fair trade, the kind of environment that has the rule of law and a level playing field.  She didn t hope it would be the gold standard. It was the gold standard. Naturally, PolitiFact labeled this statement  half-true.  That means it s a huge, glaring lie. I m a progressive. But I m a progressive who likes to get things done how to find common ground, and I have proved that in every position that I ve had, even dealing with Republicans who never had a good word to say about me, honestly.  Nope. As Senator from New York, Hillary accomplished virtually nothing. Her name was attached to exactly zero legislation. Her only major impact on policy came in the form of Hillarycare, which drove Republicans to massive electoral victory in 1994. When I think about capitalism, I think about all the small businesses that were started  The media drooled over the exchange between Hillary and Bernie over capitalism. But there is no distinction between the economic philosophy of Sen. Bernie Sanders and that of Hillary Clinton. She said she wanted to use government to force companies to  share profits with the workers    a line straight from the Marxist playbook. She said she wanted the wealthy to  pay their fair share    which meant everything. She said she wanted paid family leave, universal college tuition availability, and a bevy of other free goodies. It was pretty straightforward to me that [Sanders] was going to give immunity to the only industry in America. Everybody else has to be accountable, but not the gun manufacturers.  There is no special immunity for gun manufacturers. The Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act of 2005 was designed to prevent ultra-leftist jurisdictions from twisting tort law to make gun manufacturers liable for  public nuisance  in the way that manufacturers are liable for their pollution. The law does not stop lawsuits against manufacturers or dealers from being sued if they knowingly sell a product to a criminal. They can still be sued for design flaws, or negligence. Well first of all, we got a lot of business done with the Russians when Medvedev was the president, and not Putin .There s no doubt that when Putin came back in and said he was going to be President, that did change the relationship.  Nonsense. Putin was always the leader of Russia, even when Medvedev was his puppet. Hillary knew Putin ran the country when Medvedev was president; Medvedev, for example, was president when Russia invaded Georgia in 2008. Hillary handed the Russians a reset button anyway. Hillary also advocated for taking on Bashar Assad   the same man she once called a  reformer. I think while you re talking about the tough decision that President Obama had to make about Osama bin Laden, where I was one of his few advisers, or putting together that coalition to impose sanctions on Iran  Glomming onto the kill of Osama Bin Laden in order to explain her vote for the Iraq war was simply nonsensical. But the idea that she  put together the coalition to impose sanctions on Iran  is simply untrue. International sanctions against Iran have been on the books for decades. And Hillary was integrally involved in negotiating the end of those sanctions, as well as letting Iran enrich uranium. We had a murderous dictator, Gadhafi, who had American blood on his hands, as I m sure you remember, threatening to massacre large numbers of the Libyan people  Our response, which I think was smart power at its best, is that the United States will not lead this.  Hillary reportedly manufactured the Libyan genocide story out of wholecloth, and overrode US intelligence in order to push that narrative. If Libya was  smart power at its best,  it would be incredible to find out what  smart power at its worst  would be (well, other than Syria, Ukraine, Iran ). Libya became a haven for terrorists because we deposed a dictator who posed no threat to us. The notion that Iraq was a disaster area of American foreign policy but Libya is a great success story is patently insane. Hillary s lies about Libya didn t end there. I ll get to that.  Hillary said this with regard to Benghazi. She never did, of course. Her response mirrored her response in Benghazi, by the way:  I ll get back to that,  she said to our Libyan staff, then proceeded to do nothing. I think it has to be continued threat from the spread of nuclear weapons, nuclear material that can fall into the wrong hands. I know the terrorists are constantly seeking it, and that s why we have to stay vigilant, but also united around the world to prevent that.  Hillary said the spread of nuclear weapons represented the chief threat to the United States. She also negotiated the Iran nuclear deal. The statement that people around the world are united to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons is a plain lie, given the acceptance of the Iran deal, which makes Iranian nuclear development inevitable. Well, I ve taken responsibility for it. I did say it was a mistake. What I did was allowed by the State Department, but it wasn t the best choice. And I have been as transparent as I know to be, turning over 55,000 pages of my e-mails, asking that they be made public. And you re right. I am going to be testifying. I ve been asking to testify for some time and to do it in public, which was not originally agreed to.  Lies, lies, and more lies. She did not take responsibility for her email scandal any more than she took responsibility for Benghazi: she said she  took responsibility  but never admitted to having done anything wrong. Her email scheme was not allowed by federal law, but she was the head of the State Department and thus waived rules for herself. She may have been as transparent as she knows how to be, but that transparency involved setting up a private server, loading it with classified information, and then deleting some 30,000 emails. She only asked to testify after Congress demanded she testify. Fortunately, none of this mattered, since Bernie Sanders intervened to hand her his testicles in a jar by saying nobody cared about her emails. This inequality challenge we face, we have faced it at other points. It s absolutely right. It hasn t been this bad since the 1920s. But if you look at the Republicans versus the Democrats when it comes to economic policy, there is no comparison. The economy does better when you have a Democrat in the White House and that s why we need to have a Democrat in the White House in January 2017.  If Democrats are so great at economics, why is inequality as bad as it has been in a century? And saying that Democratic presidents preside over good economies seems to neglect the fact that Bill Clinton, for example, presided over a Republican Congress. We have to deal with the problem that the banks are still too big to fail. We can never let the American taxpayer and middle class families ever have to bail out the kind of speculative behavior that we saw.  In this debate, Hillary Clinton also backed Dodd-Frank, which legally enshrines too big to fail. Bailouts are now mandated by federal law, thanks to Hillary Clinton and Democrats. And Democratic policy loves bailouts   they are huge fans of crony capitalism, endless bailouts through stimulus packages and taxpayer giveaways. I think that it was necessary to make sure that we were able after 9/11 to put in place the security that we needed. And it is true that it did require that there be a process. What happened, however, is that the Bush administration began to chip away at that process. And I began to speak out about their use of warrantless surveillance and the other behavior that they engaged in.  Hillary Clinton voted to reauthorize the Patriot Act in 2006. And Hillary s supposed leadership against Bush-era abuses of the Patriot Act didn t stop President Obama from expanding the use of surveillance far beyond what Bush ever did. Well, I can t think of anything more of an outsider than electing the first woman president, but I m not just running because I would be the first woman president .Well, I would not ask anyone to vote for me based on my last name.  False and false. California has had a paid leave program for a number of years .And it has not had the ill effects that the Republicans are always saying it will have.  California uses employee payroll taxes to finance paid family leave. That means all the costs of the program are hidden, rather than explicit. Businesses leave California and employment declines because of its high tax rates. Businesses hire fewer women if forced to pay higher taxes in order to do so. They don t mind having big government to interfere with a woman s right to choose and to try to take down Planned Parenthood. They re fine with big government when it comes to that. I m sick of it.  Republicans want to defund Planned Parenthood. That s not big government. That s small government. Further, it s not  big government  to protect human life through force of law any more than it is  big government  to have murder laws on the books. I know we can afford it, because we re going to make the wealthy pay for it. That is the way to get it done.  This myth, repeated ad nauseum by Democrats, is truly reprehensible. Rich people cannot pay for all the utopian programs proposed by the left. As John Stossel points out,  If the IRS grabbed 100 percent of income over $1 million, the take would be just $616 billion.  Both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton worshipped at the altar of Denmark last night, but Denmark has lower corporate tax rates than the United States, and far higher taxes on the middle class. You pay a 200 percent tax on cars in Denmark   everyone. Socialism isn t built on the backs of the rich. It s built on the backs of everyone who earns, and that includes the middle class. Well, in addition to the NRA, the health insurance companies, the drug companies, the Iranians.  The Iranians are not Hillary s enemies. They love her.For entire list of lies, go to Breitbart NewsHillary s a liar. But Democrats don t care, because liars prosper in a world where hard work and honesty are punished in the name of equality and the Great Socialist Utopia.",0
21411,DISNEY Introduces New Marvel Comic Books: Captain America (Captain Socialist) Beats Up Conservative Terrorists Defending U.S. Borders And More [VIDEO],"Indoctrination by Disney pretty much covers every demographic: toddlers with sippy cups watching the Disney channel and Disney movies, teens reading Marvel comic books, young women watching an abortion being performed on ABC s Scandal while  Silent Night  plays in the background, and full grown men kicking back with a beer watching sports on ESPN.Watch this unbelievable summarization of Disney s new Marvel comic book:h/t Weasel Zippers",0
21412,SHOCKING TAXPAYER TAB FOR OBAMA’S GOLF Trips And Fundraisers In February And March 2015,"Meanwhile, most Americans can t afford to take a single vacation Judicial Watch announced today that it has obtained records from the U.S. Department of the Air Force revealing that Barack Obama s February and March 2015 travel for golf vacations and fundraisers totaled $4,436,245.50 in taxpayer-funded transportation expenses. The documents regarding the Obama travel expenses came in response to two Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests filed by Judicial Watch.To date, the Secret Service has not provided requested information, as required by FOIA, regarding security costs.Using the Air Force s official cost estimate of $206,337 per hour, the newly released records obtained by Judicial Watch show:Obama s February 14, 2015, golf outing to Palm Springs required a five-hour flight, costing taxpayers a total of $1,031,685. Transportation for Obama s February 19 day trip to Chicago cost taxpayers $619,011.00. Transportation for Obama s March 2015 fundraising trip to Los Angeles cost taxpayers $1,980,835.20. Obama s March 28, 2015, golf outing to Palm city required a 3.9-hour flight, costing taxpayers $804,870.30. In Palm Springs, Obama played golf at the luxurious Sunnylands country club, located on the former estate of the late ambassadors Walter and Leonore Annenberg. Obama reportedly spent the weekend on the exclusive, gated property, where he has twice stayed before.Obama s February trip to Chicago was billed by the White House as a non-political event to declare the Pullman Historic District a national monument. But, press reports indicated that the trip was heavily political. In a CNN story entitled,  Obama gives Emanuel re-election boost: President Barack Obama went to Chicago bearing gifts Thursday for his former chief of staff, Mayor Rahm Emanuel   But the day had all the trappings of a campaign   and Obama even made an unannounced stop at a Kenwood campaign office for Emanuel on his way out of town.  I m glad he s my mayor, and I m glad he s going to be my mayor for another four years,  Obama told volunteers.Obama s travel to California was solely to raise money for the Democratic National Committee and to show his support for fellow Democrats nationwide. His visit to Los Angeles began with an appearance on ABC s late night comedy program  Jimmy Kimmel Live,  and continued on to include a  roundtable discussion  fundraiser hosted at the Santa Monica home of ICM Partners cofounder Chris Silbermann and his wife Julia Franz. Guests paid up to $33,400 per couple for attendance, donations that will be used to aid DNC activities during the approaching 2016 election cycle. Obama s March 12 fundraising trip to Los Angeles was his 32nd fundraiser in L.A. County since he became president.In Palm City, Obama played golf at the  spectacular  Floridian National Golf Club, where members pay a $50,000 initiation fee and $15,000 in annual dues. According to the resort s website,  This stunning, yet formidable par 71 will certainly impress. At 7,114 yards, the 18-hole course offers perfectly manicured rolling fairways and greens, demanding hazards, breathtaking views of the St. Lucie River, and is surrounded by natural preserve and native wildlife. Taxpayers should be outraged that Barack Obama s wastes 4.4 million of their precious tax dollars on golf vacations and political fundraising,  said Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton.  And to make matters worse, the Secret Service has simply refused to respond to our requests for documents about the security costs of these controversial trips. The Obama travel scandal is about abuse of office, abuse of the taxpayer, and contempt for the rule of law. Records released earlier this year by Judicial Watch showed that Michelle Obama s 2014 trip to China cost more than $360,000 in air transportation costs. Judicial Watch uncovered an expensive combination of trips by the Obamas to Africa and Honolulu, which cost taxpayers $15,885,585.30 in flight expenses. The single largest prior known expense for accommodations was for Michelle Obama s side-trip to Dublin, Ireland, during the 2013 G-8 conference in Belfast, when she and her entourage booked 30 rooms at the five-star Shelbourne Hotel, with the first lady staying in the 1500 square-foot Princess Grace suite at a cost of $3,500 a night. The total cost to taxpayers for the Obamas  Ireland trip was $7,921,638.66. To date, the known travel expenses of the Obamas and Vice President Joe Biden exceed $61million. Via: Judicial Watch",0
21413,"WOW! WORLD’S TOP PHYSICIST AND DEMOCRAT: Obama Backs “Wrong Side” In War On “Climate Change”, Follow The Money, Carbon Does Far More Good Than Harm","B b but does this mean global climate change is not man made and that man is not more powerful than God? Here s our Liar In Chief trying to tell America that all of the top scientists in America agree with him:The climate models used by alarmist scientists to predict global warming are getting worse, not better; carbon dioxide does far more good than harm; and President Obama has backed the  wrong side  in the war on  climate change. So says one of the world s greatest theoretical physicists, Dr Freeman Dyson (pictured above), the British-born, naturalised American citizen who worked at Princeton University as a contemporary of Einstein and has advised the US government on a wide range of scientific and technical issues.In an interview with Andrew Orlowski of The Register, Dyson expressed his despair at the current scientific obsession with climate change which he says is  not a scientific mystery but a human mystery. How does it happen that a whole generation of scientific experts is blind to the obvious facts. This mystery, says Dyson, can only partly be explained in terms of follow the money. Also to blame, he believes, is a kind of collective yearning for apocalyptic doom.It is true that there s a large community of people who make their money by scaring the public, so money is certainly involved to some extent, but I don t think that s the full explanation.It s like a hundred years ago, before World War I, there was this insane craving for doom, which in a way, helped cause World War I. People like the poet Rupert Brooke were glorifying war as an escape from the dullness of modern life. [There was] the feeling we d gone soft and degenerate, and war would be good for us all. That was in the air leading up to World War I, and in some ways it s in the air today.Dyson, himself a longstanding Democrat voter, is especially disappointed by his chosen party s unscientific stance on the climate change issue.It s very sad that in this country, political opinion parted [people s views on climate change]. I m 100 per cent Democrat myself, and I like Obama. But he took the wrong side on this issue, and the Republicans took the right side.Part of the problem, he says, is the Democrats  conflation of  pollution  (a genuine problem) with  climate change  (a natural phenomenon quite beyond mankind s ability to control).China and India rely on coal to keep growing, so they ll clearly be burning coal in huge amounts. They need that to get rich. Whatever the rest of the world agrees to, China and India will continue to burn coal, so the discussion is quite pointless.At the same time, coal is very unpleasant stuff, and there are problems with coal quite apart from climate. I remember in England when we burned coal, everything was filthy. It was really bad, and that s the way it is now in China, but you can clean that up as we did in England. It takes a certain amount of political willpower, and that takes time. Pollution is quite separate to the climate problem: one can be solved, and the other cannot, and the public doesn t understand that.The short-to-medium term solution to the pollution problem, he argues, is the replacement of coal with much-maligned shale gas, whose rejection by much of Europe he finds unfathomable and counter-productive.As far as the next 50 years are concerned, there are two main forces of energy, which are coal and shale gas. Emissions have been going down in the US while they ve going up in Europe, and that s because of shale gas. It s only half the carbon dioxide emissions of coal. China may in fact be able to develop shale gas on a big scale and that means they burn a lot less coal.It seems complete madness to prohibit shale gas. You wondered if climate change is an Anglophone preoccupation. Well, France is even more dogmatic than Britain about shale gas!Dyson, 91, has enjoyed a long, distinguished career as a physicist, mathematician and public intellectual, showing promise as early as the age of five when he calculated the number of atoms in the sun. During World War II, he worked at the Operation Research Section of the Royal Air Force s Bomber Command, before moving to the US where Robert Oppenheimer awarded him a permanent post at the Institute for Advanced Study at Princeton. He also worked at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, looking at the climate system 25 years ago, before it became a hot political issue.The dangers of carbon dioxide, he believes, have been much overrated. In a foreword to a report for The Global Warming Policy Foundation by Indur Goklany called Carbon Dioxide: The Good News,   as reported here at Breitbart   he says:To any unprejudiced person reading this account, the facts should be obvious: that the non-climatic effects of carbon dioxide as a sustainer of wildlife and crop plants are enormously beneficial, that the possibly harmful climatic effects of carbon dioxide have been greatly exaggerated, and that the benefits clearly outweigh the possible damage.I consider myself an unprejudiced person and to me these facts are obvious. But the same facts are not obvious to the majority of scientists and politicians who consider carbon dioxide to be evil and dangerous. The people who are supposed to be experts and who claim to understand the science are precisely the people who are blind to the evidence.He likens the  climate change  issue to some of the other  irrational beliefs  promoted through history  by famous thinkers and adopted by loyal disciples. Sometimes, as in the use of bleeding as a treatment for various diseases, irrational belief did harm to a large number of human victims. George Washington was one of the victims. Other irrational beliefs, such as the phlogiston theory of burning or the Aristotelian cosmology of circular celestial motions, only did harm by delaying the careful examination of nature. In all these cases, we see a community of people happily united in a false belief that brought leaders and followers together. Anyone who questioned the prevailing belief would upset the peace of the community.Dyson s refusal ever to accommodate himself with the modish notions of the hour may explain why, unlike some of his less distinguished and brilliant contemporaries over the years, he has never been awarded a Nobel Prize.He concludes: I am hoping that the scientists and politicians who have been blindly demonizing carbon dioxide for 37 years will one day open their eyes and look at the evidence. Via: Breitbart News",0
21414,URGENT! Join #AntiHillaryFlashMob Rally Against Hillary In San Antonio (Click on link for details),"Event organizers are asking protesters to come out on Thursday, Oct. 15th to help them stand against Hillary and speak out against her support for amnesty. The message they are asking protesters to share with Hillary is:  It s not racist to have a border! Join Infowars reporter Joe Biggs and let Hillary hear your voice!Historic Sunset Station12:30 pm1174 E. Commerce St.San Antonio, TX.Live coverage starts at 11 am at Infowars.com",0
21415,IS LAW AND ORDER SVU PANDERING To Cop Hating Millennials And Black Lives Matter Terrorists? [VIDEO],"It s hard for millennials to escape the leftist propaganda. Progressivism virtually front and center in almost every aspect of their lives. From progressive academia to a radical leftist agenda in the entertainment industry, it s really hard for our children to find a safe place where they re not being fed a leftist agenda. Millennials love Law and Order SUV because they hate cops:While SVU is lurid and addictive and GIF-ready and all the other things millennials purportedly love, I think there s another reason for our adoration. The truth is, outside the Law & Order universe, young people tend to hate the shit out of cops. The stereotype of long-haired, rebellious youths flipping off  pigs  of the sixties might sound time-worn, but there s clearly something to it: An annual Gallup poll shows that 18-29 year-olds consistently trail behind older adults in reporting  a great deal  or  quite a lot  of confidence in the police. For us, the police force exists solely as a symbol of violence and racism and corruption, and news stories about NYPD rapists and stop-and-frisk and pepper-spraying Occupy Wall Street protesters do little to indicate otherwise.From Washington Post interview:Last night s episode of  Law & Order: Special Victims Unit  on NBC aimed to weed through the messy and emotional aftermath of one of these shootings   focusing on what happens after New York police officers, in desperate search for a rape suspect, shoot and kill an unarmed black college student who happens to match the description of the suspect. (It s not the first time the series, which is in its 17th season, has pulled inspiration for a story line from the headlines.)https://youtu.be/zTqTfSpPfYAWhy write an episode based around a police shooting, and why on  SVU ?Something seems to be going on in the nation right now, and it seems that we re looking at, at least anecdotally, an epidemic of cops shooting unarmed people, often unarmed black men, but not exclusively black men.We ve just seen a spate of incidents in which that has been the case, and we have a police show. One of the things that is frustrating to me is that too few shows are tackling the tough issues. There are way more shows about zombies than about what s going on in our judicial system. Very few shows are allowed to get away with this right now.Our mantra is that we shed light on the darker corners of society. Police shootings of unarmed people is something that needs to be discussed. Via: Washington PostLaw and Order SVU promotes show on Twitter:https://twitter.com/nbcsvu/status/654310751759298560",0
21416,GUN CONTROL FOR KIDS: [Video] 13 Yr Old Told To Remove “Battlefield Cross For Fallen Soldiers” T-shirt Or Face Suspension,"Meanwhile, a Muslim boy with a radical activist father and a history of discipline issues can bring a fake bomb to school on 9-11 and is an instant hero with the Left You just can t make this up.A 13-year-old Oregon boy was disciplined by his school for wearing the  battlefield cross  on his shirt.Alan Holmes, a student at Dexter McCarty Middle School, wore a shirt that displays the image of a rifle propped up with a helmet perched on top and boots below. It s commonly referred to as a  battlefield cross for fallen soldiers  and is meant as a a sign of support for the troops. The shirt read  Standing for those who stood for us. The Military Times is reporting the Gresham-Barlow School District has a dress code policy that prohibits weapons. District spokeswoman Athena Vadnals wrote  Weapons on a shirt are not appropriate in a school setting. It s not standing for violence, I tell you that much,  Holmes said.  It s standing for the memorial for the soldiers, who have died for us and our freedom, and I 100 percent support them because they re supporting us. Holmes said he was told by the vice principal to put on a different shirt or take an in-school suspension. He decided to keep the shirt on and call his mom.The story has gone viral and the family is fighting back against the school and the district. Via: DownTrend",0
21417,BURIED BY MEDIA: Aide To Leftist US Congressman Sander Levin (D-MI) Arrested For Brutally Beating Male Lover With Shovel… “I want to kill you. Die dirty faggy”,"Just when you thought Muslims had cornered the market on abusing gays! Since you won t see this story in the mainstream media. Please feel free to share it  Baltimore City Police arrested an aide to Rep. Sander M. Levin, D-Mich., at around 2:30 a.m. on Oct. 8 for criminal domestic violence charges.Tim Foster, a native of Henderson, Ky., brutally beat his male lover with a small black and red shovel, according to a police report obtained by CQ Roll Call, leaving the victim hospitalized with abrasions and bruises on his upper back, neck and torso.The dispute started around 12:30 a.m. inside a Northwest Baltimore home, when Foster, 32, got into a verbal argument with the 39-year-old black male identified as his boyfriend.Foster put his boyfriend in a choke hold and stated,  I want to kill you. Die dirty faggy,  the man later told police. Foster released him, then allegedly grabbed a stainless kitchen knife. As the boyfriend fled toward the stairs, Foster chased him and warned,  When you reach the fifth step, I am going to stab you. Foster lunged at his boyfriend with the knife. But Foster s wife  got in the way  and the knife then fell to the floor, the report states.The boyfriend told police he attempted to escape the property, but was again assaulted by Foster. This time, Foster struck him in his upper back with a small black and red shovel. Foster continued to assault the man until he got into his vehicle, the report states.Police responded to Union Memorial Hospital, where they spoke to the victim.Foster was placed under arrest early Thursday morning, and locked up in the Baltimore County Detention Center. The shovel was submitted as evidence.Court records show Foster was committed overnight, then released. He faces second degree assault and dangerous weapons charges.Levin has employed Foster for seven years. Foster started his current post, as online communication manager, in May 2013. In the wake of the incident, he was placed on unpaid leave.Via: Roll Call",0
21418,TOP 10 TWEETS From Democrat Debate,"Here s the fake black guy, Shaun King weighing in on how awesome it is that Bernie Sanders can now come out of the socialist closet. Because America is soooo ready (or so Shaun thinks anyhow) to embrace a socialist. Here is his tweet:#1.https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/654100720929632256Here is a great question from the Janie Johnson:#2.The bottom 49% of earners pay zero taxes   how much more  fair  do you want the tax system? #DemDebate  Janie Johnson (@jjauthor) October 14, 2015Truth!#3.https://twitter.com/weknowwhatsbest/status/654128633385107456And this tweet is priceless:#4.https://twitter.com/weknowwhatsbest/status/654128132295802880Some race baiters were not satisfied that enough divisive questions were posed to the candidates. How much time exactly should we giving to the issue of race during our presidential debates? Would 50% of the debate time be acceptable to the #BlackLivesMatter terrorists?The first is from #BLM activist and George Soros favorite, Deray McKesson:#5..@AndersonCooper, you were strong tonight, though I hope there are more questions about race at the next debate. #DemDebate  deray mckesson (@deray) October 14, 2015Next is from the fake black guy, Shaun King who bemoans the lack of diversity on the debate stage:#6 and #7https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/654095075069296640https://twitter.com/ShaunKing/status/654113225005510656And then we have the self proclaimed  Trump girls,  Diamond and Silk weighing in on the debate hilarious!#8.We out. This is not a debate. This is a disgrace. Hope .@realDonaldTrump come to save the day. #stump4trumpbaby pic.twitter.com/I1CcLL31lX  Diamond and Silk  (@DiamondandSilk) October 14, 2015Best tweet of the night goes to the Donald:#9""@releafpen: Dem debate message summary = More free handouts. They will be voting in droves. We need to get out and vote Trump BIG TIME!""  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 14, 2015And the runners-up are Two from conservative actor James Woods:#10.Thank God money grows on trees. This bunch has no allergy to spending it. Free college not only for Americans, but anybody from anywhere  James Woods (@RealJamesWoods) October 14, 2015We actually fibbed, there are 12 favorite tweets. We save 2 of our favorites from @iowahawk for last:I got 10 bucks that more people are following the debate on Trump's Twitter feed than on CNN  David Burge (@iowahawkblog) October 14, 2015How to make college affordable: don't go  David Burge (@iowahawkblog) October 14, 2015 ",0
21419,"Katy Perry, Christina Aguilera, Kim and Kanye, Justin Bieber, Anti-American Ariana Grande And More A-listers Fundraise For Rich, White Democrat Presidential Candidate","There s so much diversity in the Democrat presidential candidate pool, it must be hard for these  celebrities  to choose who they re going to throw their money and support behind..Katy Perry is publicly showing her support for Hillary Clinton.The pop singer, in her first appearance for the 2016 campaign, will rally Clinton supporters on Oct. 24 in downtown Des Moines before the presidential nominee attends the Iowa Democratic Party s annual Jefferson-Jackson Dinner, Clinton s campaign announced Saturday morning.Perry had a hand in rallying supporters for President Barack Obama when he was a candidate by performing at numerous events and wearing patriotic outfits she designed herself, including a dress she wore to a rally that displayed his campaign slogan  Forward  and a ballot dress she sported at a Las Vegas rally.She was a key part of the Obama campaign s strategy to get members of various communities to attend events. Campaign volunteers would sign up attendees to vote and even offer to take them to voting locations if they needed transportation.The Hollywood Reporter exclusively announced Friday that Christina Aguilera and her producer-fiance Matthew Rutler will host Clinton s last big fundraiser of the year on Nov. 4.The Des Moines event is free and open to the public, and registration is encouraged.Christina Aguilera and her producer fianc  Matthew Rutler will host Hillary Clinton s last big fundraiser of the year at their Los Angeles house on Nov. 4, sources tell The Hollywood Reporter.Clinton s trip falls shortly after her Oct. 26 birthday and is expected to draw a large celebrity crowd. Her last event was held at Lionsgate s Rob Friedman s home; the Nov. 4 fundraiser is expected to be a sold-out event.The final fundraiser is being put together by Clinton s Hollywood bundlers, including CAA s Darnell Strom and Michael Kives.On Nov. 5, Michelle and Rob Reiner, Cynthia Telles and Joe Waz will hold a discussion with Clinton from 12 p.m. to 2 p.m. The event,  Conversation With Hillary,  will allow attendees to make contributions ranging from $1,000-$2,700.After announcing her candidacy in April, she has made monthly trips to Los Angeles, where she has raised tens of thousands in Hollywood contributions.A-listers including Kanye West, Kim Kardashian, Tom Hanks and wife Rita Wilson, Usher, Jessica Alba, Jeffrey Katzenberg and more previously gathered this past August to support Clinton at the house of talent manager Scooter Braun, who boasts a large list of young talent including Justin Bieber and Ariana Grande. Kardashian and West even took a selfie with the presidential candidate after hearing her goals for the country, where she defended Planned Parenthood and supported President Barack Obama s environmental initiatives.",0
21420,"MAINSTREAM MEDIA IGNORES MASSIVE PROTEST Against Obama’s Sweetheart Deal For Corporations: “Biggest protest this country has seen for many, many years”","Wait we thought Obama and the Democrats were supposed to be standing up to the  evil corporations  and standing up for the every day American?When it comes to official and media opinion on Obama s crowning trade  achievements , the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and the Transatlantic Trade And Investment Partnership (TTIP), the party line is united. As previously noted, Barack Obama has assured the population that this treaty is going to be wonderful for everyone:In hailing the agreement, Obama said,  Congress and the American people will have months to read every word  before he signs the deal that he described as a win for all sides. If we can get this agreement to my desk, then we can help our businesses sell more Made in America goods and services around the world, and we can help more American workers compete and win,  Obama said.The mainstream media s chorus of support for these trade deal is likewise deafening: here are some indicative headlines from this past Monday:Time Magazine: Pacific Trade Deal Is Good for the U.S. and Obama s Legacy  The Washington Post: The Trans-Pacific Partnership is a trade deal worth celebrating The far less popular opposing view, one repeatedly presented here, is that like with every other  free trade  agreement that the U.S. has entered into since World War II, the exact opposite is what will actually happen: the outcome will be that the US trade deficit (which excluding petroleum is already back to record levels) will get even larger, and we will see even more jobs and even more businesses go overseas, thus explaining the secrecy and the fast-track nature of the TPP and TTIP s passage through Congress.And while the US population, which is far more perturbed by what Caitlyn Jenner will wear tomorrow than D.C. s plans on the future of world trade, has been mute in its response to the passage of the first part of the trade treaty, the TPP   after all the MSM isn t there to tell it how to feel about it, aside to assure it that everything will be great even as millions of highly-paid jobs mysteriously become line cooks   other countries are standing up against globalist trade interests meant to serve a handful of corporations.Case in point Germany, where today hundreds of thousands of people marched in Berlin in protest against the planned  free trade  deal between Europe and the United States which they say is anti-democratic and will lower food safety, labor and environmental standards.TTIP critics fear that it would lead to worse safeguards in Europe, bringing down standards for consumer safety, food and health or labor rights down to those in America. European nations have stricter regulations for things like genetically modified foods or workers benefits than the US does. There is also discontent with the secretive nature of the negotiations, which prompts skeptics to assume the worst about the document they would eventually produce.The organizers   an alliance of environmental groups, charities and opposition parties   claimed that 250,000 people were taking part in the rally against free trade deals with both the United States and Canada, far more than they had anticipated. This is the biggest protest that this country has seen for many, many years,  Christoph Bautz, director of citizens  movement Campact told protesters in a speech.According to Reuters,  opposition to the so-called Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) has risen over the past year in Germany, with critics fearing the pact will hand too much power to big multinationals at the expense of consumers and workers. Popular anger appears to be focused on the encroachment by corporations into every corner around the globe: What bothers me the most is that I don t want all our consumer laws to be softened,  Oliver Zloty told Reuters TV.  And I don t want to have a dictatorship by any companies.  Via: Zero Hedge",0
21421,"Obama Tells 60 Minutes He Could Win A Third Term, But Says He Won’t Run…Watch Surprisingly Hard-Hitting Interview Here","No Obama won t run again, but he ll use every dirty political Chicago-style trick available to him to make sure Joe Biden ends up in the White House, so he can  still manage chaos from the outside..President Obama insisted that he could run and win a third term as president if he wanted to, but assured Americans that he would follow the lead of previous presidents before him.When asked directly by Steve Kroft in a 60 Minutes interview if he could win a third term as president he replied without hesitation,  Yes. I do. He pointed out that it was  bittersweet  heading into his last year in office admitting that he would  love to do some more  to help the country.But he compared his own struggle with that of the nation s first president, George Washington, to explain why he would step down. I think having a fresh set of legs in this seat, I think having a fresh perspective, new personnel and new ideas and a new conversation with the American people about issues that may be different a year from now than they were when I started eight years ago, I think that s all good for our democracy,  he concluded.It s not the first time Obama has signaled confidence that he could win a third term if he wanted to. While speaking to political leaders in Africa, he pointed out that he was  a pretty good president. I think if I ran, I could win. But I can t,  he said in July  There s a lot that I d like to do to keep America moving. But the law is the law, and no person is above the law, not even the president.  Via: Breitbart NewsWatch entire interview here: ",0
21422,College Punishes Success By Not Allowing Yacht Club At Prestigious School [VIDEO],"The shaming of the rich should not surprise anyone coming from a whacked out college that actually offers a major in the non-belief of God. The Left s attempt to redefine the core values and beliefs that make America the greatest country in the world offends us. California College Denies Student Yacht Club, Says Yacht Clubs Are OffensiveAre yacht clubs   in and of themselves   offensive? According to Pitzer College in Claremont, California, the answer is yes.Last week, the student Senate at Pitzer voted to deny instating a yacht club at the school  as the majority of Senators found the name  yacht club  to have a particularly offensive association with yacht clubs and a recreation known for being exclusive,  according to Taylor Novick-Finder, a Pitzer College Senator.This morning on  Fox and Friends,  Anna Kooiman welcomed Claremont Independent publisher Steven Glick to the program to discuss. I think the P.C. police have been going further and further every day with what they re deeming offensive,  said Glick, who is also a student at nearby Pamona College.  It s becoming increasingly trivial, concerning what should be censored or banned. It s unfortunately not a surprise to see,  he added.Via: FOX News ",0
21423,Cities Across America Are Replacing Columbus Day With Indigenous People’s Day,"It won t be long before the progressives start demanding we rename Christmas the Winter Holiday. God forbid we start offending the Left with our Christian holidays Several city councils across the country are voting to abolish Columbus Day   and celebrate the holiday as Indigenous People s Day.Officials in Portland, Ore., on Wednesday became the most recent to approve the new name for the holiday.The day   which is traditionally celebrated on the second Monday in October   celebrates Christopher Columbus discovering the so-called New World.However, historians and activists over the years have tried to dethrone Columbus  reign as a famed explorer and instead hold him responsible for the mass genocide and enslavement of natives who had been in the Americas long before Columbus sailed the ocean blue. Learning about the history of Columbus and transforming this day into a celebration of indigenous people and a celebration of social justice allows us to make a connection between this painful history and the ongoing marginalization, discrimination, and poverty that indigenous communities face to this day,  Kshama Sawant, a Seattle City Council member told the Seattle Times in 2014.In recent weeks, more city councils throughout the U.S. have voted to abolish Columbus Day in their towns and recognize Native American indigenous populations on the day.Seattle   similar to cities like Albuquerque, N.M., and Minneapolis, Minn.   approved changing the meaning of the holiday in 2014.Officials Berkeley, Calif., replaced Columbus Day with the celebration of Indigenous People s Day in 1992.Columbus Day, which is next Monday, is known to many Italians as a celebration of Columbus  voyage from Europe and discovering the Americas. Via: NYDailyNewsh/t Weasel Zippers",0
21424,"BOYCOTT! Pro-Gun Control Seth (Racist) Rogen, Star Of Newly Released “Steve Jobs” Movie Sends Vulgar Tweet: “F*ck You Ben Carson”","If you only attack black conservatives, does that make you exempt from being called a  racist? When will Americans stop supporting foreigners like Josh Rogen who openly spout off about about their disdain for conservatives while advocating for gun control in our country?On the eve of the release of Universal s  Steve Jobs,  star Seth Rogen fired off a hate-tweet at black Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson.  Fuck you @realBenCarson,  the tweet said. In another tweet, Rogen, a high-profile Hillary Clinton supporter (and Canadian citizen), expressed his anger over comments Carson made about gun control and Nazi Germany.Carson believes Jews might have had a better chance at resisting the Nazi regime had they not been disarmed by that regime in advance. Rogen, who is Jewish, and much of the national media are horrified over the idea of Jews with guns fighting Nazis, something Jews did frequently throughout WWII with scrounged guns.Whether it is kids in classrooms or Jews in Nazi Germany, Carson proved this week that if you want to enrage a Leftist, suggest that they might have been better off had they been in a position to fight back.The social media backlash against both Rogen and his upcoming film was immediate, and some 12 hours later, even though it is very early in the morning, is still intense.Here is Rogan s vulgar tweet:A search of tweets containing only Seth Rogen s names finds that almost all of them are critical of the comedian s attack on Carson, many accusing Rogen of outright racism. The venomous, dehumanizing attacks black conservatives face from leftists like Rogen have been well-documented going back to Clarence Thomas. Via: Breitbart News",0
21425,RABID PRO-AMNESTY LEGISLATOR Luis Gutiérrez On Paul Ryan For Speaker “He would work with Democrats in order to solve the problems of America” [VIDEO],"When you re a Republican and get a ringing endorsement from radical pro-amnesty carnival barker, Luis Guti rrez  you should probably re-think your party affiliation Friday on MSNBC, Rep. Luis Guti rrez (D-IL) said Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI)doesn t want to be House Speaker because he would have to work with the  extreme  Republicans who want to take away the rights of gays, woman and minorities.Guti rrez said,  Look, they cannibalize their own. First Cantor, then McCarthy, before that Boehner. That s why Paul Ryan doesn t want to be the Speaker of the House. He doesn t want to be the Speaker of the House because he understands that there are 35, 40 Republican members of the House that didn t come here to govern. They came here to destroy government. They came here to take the government down. They don t want to coalesce and work with the other side of the aisle. They want to take the country backwards. He continued,  Yesterday I was at a hearing, the judiciary committee. What do they want to do now they have a new committee and a new investigation into Planned Parenthood. Why? Because they want to turn the clock back on women. They want women to go back to the  50s and that  Mad Men  series that we watch on cable TV where women didn t have rights. That s what they want to do, and that s why he doesn t want to take on the Speakership. They want to turn the clock back, and they have chaos. Look, if they can t do something as fundamental as pick a new leader, as fundamental as pick a new leader, and every time they pick a leader, they cannibalize that leader. How are they going to lead this nation? Complementing Ryan he continued,  Let me just say this. smartest person, I believe, in the GOP conference and would be good for the country, would be good for the Republican Party, would be good for the House of Representatives   because Paul Ryan is the kind of individual that will work with other people on the other side of the aisle, and I think that that s what need. He added,  He would work with Democrats in order to solve the problems of America and that s exactly what the 35, 40 members, these extreme members, very vocal, organized, extreme members of the Republican caucus don t want. They don t want an American solution. They think, you know what, gay people should go back in the closet, women should be at home in the kitchen, and those Latinos and Asians, why don t we just make them invisible again or deport them altogether? That s their philosophy of government. They want to go back before there was a Voting Rights and a Civil Rights Act in America. When I was born in America in 1953, it was separate but equal. But let me assure you, it was separate but not real equal for people like me. That s the America they want to take us back to. and guess what? the vast majority of the American people are going to push back strong against that attempt to take us backwards. Via: Breitbart News",0
21426,GQ Magazine Pens Repulsive Article On Brilliant Neurosurgeon: “F*CK Ben Carson”,"How would have America reacted if this article was written by GQ Magazine during Barack Hussein Obama s run for President in 2008? Where is the cry of  racism  from the right for calling one of the most brilliant pediatric neurosurgeons in history  stupid.  The double standards and clear hypocrisy of the so called  media  that American consumers support when they purchase this trash is outrageous! The real problem with the Left is that they just can t get their little minds around the fact that Dr. Ben Carson would suggest he would be willing to risk his own life for the sake of saving several others. The wussification of America is happening at warp speed and unless every day Americans are willing to stand up to these freaks, we are going to lose our country. Screen grab of article published in GQ Magazine.Here is a portion of the repulsive article written by GQ:You know, the only thing more alarming than Donald Trump leading the Republican presidential field is the fact that Ben Carson is the guy right behind him. While establishment puds like Jeb! Bush and Marco Rubio can t decide if they want to beat Trump or emulate him, the Good Doctor made it clear this week that he is not only willing to replicate Trump s signature brand of hot-garbage-spewing, but he ll say even DUMBER shit. Here is Carson from earlier in the week on the Oregon shooter: Not only would I probably not cooperate with him, I would not just stand there and let him shoot me. I would say,  Hey, guys, everybody attack him. He may shoot me, but he can t get us all.   Oh, but he wasn t done yet. Carson knows a goldmine of asinine cannon fire when he sees it, so he went in again: I never saw a body with bullet holes that was more devastating than taking the right to arm ourselves away. And again: I have had a gun held on me when I was in a Popeyes organization. Guy comes in, put the gun in my ribs. And I just said,  I believe that you want the guy behind the counter.   That s right, Carson just threw the poor cashier right under the bus. Whatever happened to having everyone attack the gunman, Doctor? Does that strategy get tossed out the window when there s a convenient low-level cashier around to take the brunt of the crossfire?Here s the thing: I don t believe Carson when he says any of this. I bet he wasn t even held up at that chicken joint. Carson is a soft-spoken fella who knows that he has to make even sillier comments than the competition just so that his silly comments are heard. You saw Bobby Jindal do the same thing this week when he called out the Oregon shooter s father as the main culprit in the massacre.You are now bearing witness to an arms race of stupid, because stupid is in such high demand from the GOP base at the present moment. Stupid is what gets you attention, and attention is what gets you better polling numbers.Wow just wow!!For entire story: GQ",0
21427,"MIGRANT JIHAD: Muslim Migrants Attack Hospital Staff With Knifes, Leave Sick Children Behind, Bring AIDS, Syphilis, TB And Many Exotic Diseases To Europe [VIDEO]","Europe will never be the same. The millions of mostly Muslim men flooding their countries rich in heritage and unique cultures will not assimilate. They come with no health checks, no passports, no ID very few women and children. These are the same men who complain about lack of sex and good bars in refugee camps This is unbelievable.A Czech doctor, who works in a German hospital, is so disgusted and overwhelmed with the Muslim migrant invaders that she is threatening to leave the country and go back home to the Czech Republic. She explains, via an email letter (because the press is forbidden from reporting on this), how horrific the conditions are in these hospitals, with the Muslim invaders bringing diseases they weren t even prepared to treat. But that s just part of it. The superior attitudes of these Muslims and their belief that they should get everything for free is wreaking havoc everywhere, from the hospitals to the pharmacies.Really, you must watch this video where an independent Czech television host reads the letter in full. Or, if you prefer, read the transcription I made below which matches the English captions with slight corrections.We will return to the topic of the migrants because I have another letter here regarding the effect of immigrants on the everyday flow of operations.Eyewitness from a Munich hospital:A friend in Prague has a friend, who, as a retired physician, had returned to work at a Munich area hospital where they needed an anaesthesiologist. I correspond with her and she forwarded me her email. Yesterday, at the hospital we had a meeting about how the situation here and at the other Munich hospitals is unsustainable. Clinics cannot handle emergencies, so they are starting to send everything to the hospitals.Many Muslims are refusing treatment by female staff and, we, women, are refusing to go among those animals, especially from Africa. Relations between the staff and migrants are going from bad to worse. Since last weekend, migrants going to the hospitals must be accompanied by police with K-9 units.Many migrants have AIDS, syphilis, open TB and many exotic diseases that we, in Europe, do not know how to treat them. If they receive a prescription in the pharmacy, they learn they have to pay cash. This leads to unbelievable outbursts, especially when it is about drugs for the children. They abandon the children with pharmacy staff with the words:  So, cure them here yourselves!  So the police are not just guarding the clinics and hospitals, but also large pharmacies.Truly we said openly: Where are all those who had welcomed in front of TV cameras, with signs at train stations?! Yes, for now, the border has been closed, but a million of them are already here and we will definitely not be able to get rid of them.Until now, the number of unemployed in Germany was 2.2 million. Now it will be at least 3.5 million. Most of these people are completely unemployable. A bare minimum of them have any education. What is more, their women usually do not work at all. I estimate that one in ten is pregnant. Hundreds of thousands of them have brought along infants and little kids under six, many emaciated and neglected. If this continues and German re-opens its borders, I m going home to the Czech Republic. Nobody can keep me here in this situation, not even double the salary than at home. I went to Germany, not to Africa or the Middle East.Even the professor who heads our department told us how sad it makes him to see the cleaning woman, who for 800 Euros cleans every day for years, and then meets young men in the hallways who just wait with their hand outstretched, want everything for free, and when they don t get it they throw a fit.I really don t need this! But I m afraid that if I return, that at some point it will be the same in the Czech Republic. If the Germans, with their nature cannot handle this, there in Czechia it would be total chaos. Nobody who has not come in contact with them has no idea what kind of animals they are, especially the ones from Africa, and how Muslims act superior to our staff, regarding their religious accommodation.For now, the local hospital staff has not come down with the diseases they brought here, but, with so many hundreds of patients every day   this is just a question of time.In a hospital near the Rhine, migrants attacked the staff with knives after they had handed over an 8-month-old on the brink of death, which they had dragged across half of Europe for three months. The child died in two days, despite having received top care at one of the best pediatric clinics in Germany. The physician had to undergo surgery and two nurses are laid up in the ICU. Nobody has been punished.The local press is forbidden to write about it, so we know about it through email. What would have happened to a German if he had stabbed a doctor and nurses with a knife? Or if he had flung his own syphilis-infected urine into a nurse s face and so threatened her with infection? At a minimum he d go straight to jail and later to court. With these people   so far, nothing has happened.And so I ask, where are all those greeters and receivers from the train stations? Sitting pretty at home, enjoying their non-profits and looking forward to more trains and their next batch of cash from acting like greeters at the stations. If it were up to me I would round up all these greeters and bring them here first to our hospital s emergency ward, as attendants. Then, into one building with the migrants so they can look after them there themselves, without armed police, without police dogs who today are in every hospital here in Bavaria, and without medical help.Via: The Right Scoop",0
21428,“You’re Not Welcome!” Obama As Welcome At Roseberg Funerals As Westboro Baptist Church Members [Videos],"Roseberg residents and families of victims are speaking out against Obama and are repulsed by his obvious desire to use the deaths and injuries of their loved ones to promote his leftist agenda. Of course, he s going anyhow. It is of no consequence to him that basically the whole town wants him to stay away. Keep it classy Barry Maybe the Roseberg residents should make the same kind of human chain between Barack and the cameras that they do around the Westboro Baptist  Church  members at funerals Roseberg residents and even relatives of victims are telling Barack Obama to stay home and don t come here to dance on the graves of our loved ones.  You re not welcome! Tomorrow President Obama is scheduled to visit Rosenburg, Oregon, where 10 people were killed last week at Umpqua Community College by a deranged killer who happened to use a gun to carry out his crimes.We ve already reported on the repulsed reaction from the community as people who live there continue to reject Obama s visit. Now Stacy Boylan, the father of shooting victim Ana Boylan, is directly speaking out against Obama s visit and has no interest in putting up with his exploitation of the tragedy for political purposes. I do believe it was Rahm Emanuel who said  Never let a good tragedy go to waste,  and I really feel that his [Obama] visit here is to completely to support his gun control agenda. I can t understand why he wouldn t make a mention of the families and the victims. I mean, he did say that it was a tragic incident and I do thank him for lowering the flags but he made it all about gun control. He was very clear about that and we saw this in Sandy Hook and now we re seeing it again and I just question his motives,  Boylan said.  I ve spoken to my family and for myself and for my family, my daughter and son, on principle I find that we are in disagreement with his policies on gun control and therefore we will not be attending the visit. My position on this is that gun free zones are an issue, they re a target for crazy people because they know they re not going to be met with resistance. You know, my daughter said to me,  What if somebody would have had a gun?  Gun free and gun control takes that option off the table. Somebody doesn t have to use their gun in defense, but to take that option entirely, I don t think that s the right course,  he continued. Via: Townhall On Monday, David Jacques, publisher of the Roseburg Beacon, appeared on a Fox News segment with Bill O Reilly.He made it clear President Obama was not welcome in Roseburg and certainly not to crash the funerals of those killed in the Umpqua Community College mass shooting by using it for his own liberal agenda.https://youtu.be/F-fS9SBLTGkVia: Downtrend",0
21429,Ben Carson Outwits Dimwits On The View…A MUST Watch!,"The progressive dimwits on The View proved today that they are no match for the brilliance of Dr. Ben Carson. It s almost painful to watch him run intellectual circles around these vapid windbags Famed neurosurgeon and 2016 presidential contender Dr. Ben Carson faced-off against the women of  The View  on Tuesday after he decried abortion and said that  we re killing babies all over the place. In my case, I spent my entire career trying to preserve life and give people quality of life,  he said, explaining his past operations on premature babies and babies still in the womb.  There is no way you re going to convince me that they re not important, that they re just a mass of cells. Host Whoopi Goldberg countered by asking whether Carson has  met with the women who have to make these horrendous decisions,  and questioned whether the Republican candidate is empathetic   to which he said that he is.Carson then explained his belief that the private sector must provide adequate daycare so that mothers who choose to have their babies can get GEDs and finish their education. You re assuming that these are mothers who aren t educated,  Goldberg countered, with the crowd gasping and moaning when Carson said that most of them fit that description. A lot of those young girls who are having babies out of wedlock   when they have that first baby, they stop their education and that child is four times as likely to grow up in poverty,  Carson said.  We, as a society, have an obligation to do what s necessary to stop that cycle. That s when Joy Behar stepped in to defend Planned Parenthood against recent Republican attacks. So, how important is birth control then to the Republican Party?  she said.  They should be out there applauding Planned Parenthood for supplying birth control, mammograms and everything else. Via: The Blaze",0
21430,First Open Lesbian Bishop Wants To Add Muslim Prayer Room And Remove All Crosses From Church…Here’s Why,"Wake up Christians the left won t stop until they ve removed any mention of Christ in your church The Bishop of Stockholm has proposed a church in her diocese remove all signs of the cross and put down markings showing the direction to Mecca for the benefit of Muslim worshippers.Eva Brunne, who was made the world s first openly lesbian bishop by the church of Sweden in 2009, and has a young son with her wife and fellow lesbian priest Gunilla Linden, made the suggestion to make those of other faiths more welcome.The church targeted is the Seamen s mission church in Stockholm s eastern dockyards. The Bishop held a meeting there this year and challenged the priest to explain what he d do if a ship s crew came into port who weren t Christian but wanted to pray.Calling Muslim guests to the church  angels , the Bishop later took to her official blog to explain that removing Christian symbols from the church and preparing the building for Muslim prayer doesn t make a priest any less a defender of the faith. Rather, to do any less would make one  stingy towards people of other faiths .The bishop insisted this wasn t an issue, after all airports and hospitals already had multi-faith prayer rooms, and converting the dockyard church would only bring it up to speed. Regardless, the announcement has aroused protest.Father Patrik Pettersson, one of the priests in her diocese and active in the same parish as the Seaman s mission church has hit back in a blog of his own, complaining there is no way you could equate a consecrated church with a prayer room, remarking  I should have thought a bishop would be able to tell the difference .Calling the bishop s words  theologically unthinking , he asked what was to be done with crucifixes screwed to the walls, and heavy items such as baptismal fonts. Ignoring the rhetorical murmuring , Pettersson wrote:  The only argument bishop Eva really put forward in support of her view is  hospitality  How do you respond to that? Not much of a basis for discussion, as one colleague put it. The theological, ecclesiological, pastoral and working issues are left untouched .Via: Breitbart News",0
21431,Why Did CNN Doctor Killer’s Photo To Disguise His Race And Why Is The Press Scrubbing His Profile?,"The cover-ups and mistruths appear to be numerous. The question Americans need to be asking is why?The Oregon murderer was a black male. If you don t believe us, look at the picture of his mother below:Birth Certificate Name is: Christopher Sean Mercer   07/26/1989.Mother: Laurel Margaret Harper   04/05/1951Dad: Ian Bernard Mercer   05/15/1960 Divorced in 2006REAL IMAGE (left)   CNN IMAGE (right)On the left is the selfie Christopher Mercer uploaded to his social media. On the right is how CNN presented the same selfie in broadcast stories about him. Why did CNN need to change the complexion (color) of their broadcast? Why is no-one showing pictures of mom, Laurel Margaret Harper.Why change to hyphenated name? Real name is Christopher Sean Mercer. Media using Christopher Harper-Mercer and Chris Harper-Mercer.Several months ago The Last Refuge shared the story of Eric Sheppard Jr. a radical  Black Lives Matter ,  F**k The Police  and Islamic radical who used a philosophy of black supremacy similar to the New Black Panthers. Sheppard gained brief notoriety when he held a U.S. Flag Stomping event at Valdosta State University.After his public exposure, and after the police filed a warrant for his arrest on firearms violations, and after he mailed a racist manifesto to a local Georgia Newspaper   while on the run, he was finally arrested in Tampa Florida by U.S. Marshals.Eric Sheppard s story disappeared from the headlines and never resurfaced. Yesterday, while reviewing the social footprint of Oregon shooter Chris Harper-Mercer, (aka Chris Sean Mercer) an almost identical world-view to Eric Sheppard Jr. was evident in Mercer s social media history.Chris Harper-Mercer, a mixed-race angry 26-year-old, was essentially the mirror image on social media as Eric Sheppard Jr.Mercer held sympathetic words and thoughts for the Virginia shooter Vester Flanagan, and similarly raged against white people, and expressed sympathy toward the Black Lives Matter movement. (Example Below):However, today almost all of that social media history is GONE -> Example Here. It is either removed entirely, and/or edited for content. How it could be edited is a mystery unless there is some other issue at hand.In addition, as several researchers have noted, anyone who held attachment to Mercer appears to be deleting the content of their association. Including Umpqua Community College itself.As D-Man was pointing out Mercer was part of a production class going to present a play at Umpqua Community College named  BLITHE SPIRIT . The play was scheduled to run later this month:From the cache Centerstage Theatre at UCCPlease join me in congratulating the team for our Fall show! This is going to be an awesome comedy to start out the year. This British comedy comes with witty language and spooky effects. We are especially delighted to feature our local star who is now based out of NYC, Josh Carlton! BLITHE SPIRIT, by Noel Coward Presented by UCC Theatre Arts Oct 30-Nov 8 CHARLES: Josh Carlton RUTH: Rebecca Miles EDITH: Abby Dooley DR. BRADMAN: Devin Barnett MRS. BRADMAN: Alexandra Duvall MADAME ARCATI: Rachel Fitzhugh ELVIRA, the Blithe Spirit: Chloe Quinn Understudy for DR. BRADMAN: Benjamin Jacobsen Directed by Stephanie Newman Assistant Director: Aaron Carter Stage Manager: Anna Mae Whatley Production Assistants: Alex Frier, Joel Macha, Mary Chitwood, Chris Harper-Mercer, Isaac Guerrero, Ashley Jakubos Lighting Assistant: Devin Barnett Special Effects: Jim Smith, Keith Weikum Program/Ads: Fred Brenchley Marketing: Travis Newman Other Volunteers: YOU! Get involved and have some fun!However, everything to do with that production has been scrubbed and deleted. Including the FaceBook page (since deleted) But visible on Cache HERE and more HERE (See FB page screen shot below).Being part of an Umpqua college production class and performance etc. would run counter to the seemingly preferred media narrative of Chris Harper-Mercer being a loner, no?Mercer has also apparently given a  manifesto  (another similarity to E. Sheppard Jr) to a surviving student of the shooting.Summary: The immediate on-line web history of Chris Harper-Mercer showed him to be a mixed-race, angry young man in general alignment with various radical racially aligned groups such as Black Lives Matter, Fuck The Police and Fuck Yo Flag   all of which carry a sentiment of favorability and ideological alignment with Islam which was similarly evident in the Ferguson protest movement.[ Against this backdrop shooting  White   Christians  makes sense. ]However, in the course of several hours (one media cycle)   the media narrative is selling a profile of a loner, mentally disturbed individual without any mention of his previous writings (deleted/changed), behaviors (hidden) and social tendencies (ignored).Why?Perhaps the answer lies within the response to the shooting from the White House where President Obama took quickly to the microphones to decry another school shooting without fully understanding the motive and intent.Watch Obama s speech following the Oregon mass shooting. His motive and intent in this video are pretty clear. His lack of concern for the victims takes a back seat to his gun control narrative:For entire story: The Last Refuge",0
21432,AUTHOR OF CHILDREN’S BOOKS BRAGS ABOUT GIVING $1 MILLION To Baby Body Parts Harvester,"Because ripping babies from the womb and then carefully separating their body parts so as to procure top dollar from their vendors is very nobel indeed Just don t expect my children to ever read a book that was written by you, illustrated by your wife, or to watch a movie that is affiliated with one of your books. The children s author known as Lemony Snicket says he s donating $1 million to Planned Parenthood.Daniel Handler made the announcement this week on his Twitter feed, (at)DanielHandler. He notes the donation to the women s health care provider is on behalf of him and his wife, illustrator Lisa Brown. He says they ve been very fortunate and  good fortune should be shared with noble causes. @DanielHandler @lisabrowndraws @PPFA Killing babies and selling their body parts for profit How very noble! @thesamsorboshow @Pray_4_Life  100% FED UP! (@100PercFEDUP) October 2, 2015Planned Parenthood defends the practice as the legal donation of tissue to research firms. It says the not-for-profit tissue donation programs support lifesaving scientific research.Handler s Lemony Snicket novels,  A Series of Unfortunate Events,  have sold millions of copies. Via: The Blaze ",0
21433,NEW LOW: OBAMA RACES TO MICROPHONE To Capitalize On Oregon Tragedy…Couldn’t Find Mic When Multiple Cops Were Killed By Thugs With Guns [Video],"Somebody needs to point out to this incompetent Gun Grabber In Chief, that if someone in that college was allowed to carry a gun to class, we may not be talking about a single murder.Does anyone remember Barry running to the microphone after any of our brave law enforcement officers lost their lives to thugs with guns?Here s the video of our Gun Grabber In Chief who apparently couldn t even wait for the ambulances to pull away from the scene of the crime before he started up with his gun control rhetoric. This won t be information coming from me it ll be coming you. Newsflash Barry if it comes from the media, it s essentially the same thing as coming from you.  Obama says we know the majority of Americans say we should be changing our gun laws. Really Barack? Where do you get your data from Rosie O Donnell?We like to deal in facts Barry not in platitudes. Here are two of the most recent polls given to Americans by Pew Research in regard to gun ownership and gun rights. Barack couldn t be more wrong or in his case, more misleading. ",0
21434,MEDIA LIES EXPOSED By Arab Speaking Woman Who Tells Truth About Muslim “Refugees” [VIDEO],"CNN, MSNBC, AlJazeera, NBC, ABC, CBS and the other mainstream media outlets would like you to believe these  refugees  are just good wholesome people looking for a better way of life. Who the heck is vetting these people? Does anyone even care that we have no idea who is gaining admittance into our countries with no background checks? Has anyone thought through what it will mean to flood all of Europe and America with Muslim refugees who have no intention of assimilating with our cultures and heritage? The propaganda and spin on this  crisis  is completely insane! Where were these bleeding heart nations when Christians were watching entire communities being burned to the ground in Pakistan by Muslims? Who was bringing boatloads of persecuted Kurds to Europe and America when ISIS came to town? How about we pay attention to the real story, as told by Aida Bolev r:Aida Bolev r, an Arabic-speaking European woman who traveled on a train departing Budapest alongside migrants reveals how the  refugees  robbed Hungarians, used children as human shields and threatened to take her hostage and rape her.Aida Bolev r lived in the Middle East for five years and is fluent in Arabic. At the start of the video, she stresses that she is not trying to make the migrants look bad by telling her story.Arriving at Keleti railway station in Budapest, Bolev r said she was shocked to see a mass of  filthy  people who refused to let her enter the building and tried to steal her luggage while hurling insults.After witnessing some of the migrants  without shame, simply defecating where they stood,  Bolev r said some of the women were being beaten by their own husbands. All they could think to do in the heat of the moment was to grab the luggage of passersby and shout obscenities (at) them,  said Bolev r, adding that 90% of the migrants were men aged 18-45.Bolev r says the men  grabbed random children  and tried to use them as human shields in order to board the train, Bedlam then ensued, with windows cracking and fights breaking out as waves of people surged onto the train.Bolev r was sat near four other people who had purchased tickets for the train. They began talking to each other in a relaxed tone, considering whether or not they should rob us, since that would please Allah because we were infidels. As for me, it would really be worth raping me because I am not dressed like a proper woman, I haven t got a hijab on my head, that is, I m not Muslim, and so I am bad,  said Bolev r.When Bolev r and the four other passengers attempted to get off the train, the migrants began discussing whether or not to take them as hostages and wouldn t let them leave.After Bolev r was finally able to walk back into the train station, she saw migrants carelessly throwing food onto the floor. They were all shouting one word repeatedly: Money! That is, give us money,  said Bolev r.  They were grabbing at people, trying to tear away some valuables, they were grabbing at luggage and wouldn t let people pass, they shoved and insulted. Those people are the same ones that Europe accepted in the name of tolerance, so before we protect these people I suggest we learn the Arabic language,  she concluded.Bolev r s story provides yet more contradictions to the image of the migrants that has been portrayed by the mass media of humble people fleeing war who are polite and grateful. As the footage below illustrates, the reality is somewhat different.As we previously reported, the German media and police in some areas are covering up rapes committed by migrants to as not to offend the flood of new Muslim  refugees  entering the country.The Gatestone Institute has compiled a lengthy list of rapes committed by migrants in and around refugee camps in Germany, the victims of which are mainly teenagers and children (including other migrants and Germans living locally).Schools in Germany situated near migrant camps are also warning girls not to wear shorts or skirts so as not to offend migrants and provoke  attacks .Meanwhile, in another video,  refugees  at a camp in the Netherlands complain about the facility having slow Internet, average food and not being given enough money to buy cigarettes.Via: InfoWars",0
21435,"BREAKING: Pope Met Privately With Enemy Of Left, Kim Davis","Is the Pope s defense of same sex marriage the straw the will break the camel s back for the godless left? Washington, DC   Media is buzzing about the Pope s comments in support of conscientious objection and whether he knows about the Rowan County, Kentucky, Clerk of Court who was jailed for six days for refusing to issue same-sex marriage licenses. The Pope met privately with Kim Davis and her husband, Joe, at the Vatican Embassy in Washington, D.C., on Thursday, September 24, which was the birthday of Kim s father. Pope Francis spoke with Kim and Joe Davis in English.During the meeting Pope Francis said,  Thank you for your courage.  Pope Francis also told Kim Davis to  Stay strong.  He held out his hands and asked Kim to pray for him. Kim held his hands and said,  I will. Please pray for me,  and the Pope said he would. The two embraced. The Pontiff presented Kim and Joe Davis each with a Rosary that he personally blessed. Kim s mother and father are Catholic, and Kim and Joe will present the Rosaries to her parents. Kim s mother was the elected Clerk of Court for Rowan County for 37 years until her retirement in 2014.Kim Davis said,  I was humbled to meet Pope Francis. Of all people, why me?  Davis continued,  I never thought I would meet the Pope. Who am I to have this rare opportunity? I am just a County Clerk who loves Jesus and desires with all my heart to serve him.  Kim said,  Pope Francis was kind, genuinely caring, and very personable. He even asked me to pray for him. Pope Francis thanked me for my courage and told me to  stay strong. The challenges we face in America regarding the sanctity of human life, marriage, and religious freedom are the same universal challenges Christians face around the world. Religious freedom is a human right that comes from God. These values are shared in common by people of faith, and the threats to religious freedom are universal. Kim Davis has become a symbol of this worldwide conflict between Christian faith and recent cultural challenges regarding marriage,  said Mat Staver, Founder and Chairman of Liberty Counsel.Speaking with reporters on board the Papal plane to Rome, Pope Francis told Terry Moran of ABC News that conscientious objection is a human right, even for government officials:  Conscientious objection is a right that is a part of every human right. It is a right. And if a person does not allow others to be a conscientious objector, he denies a right. Conscientious objection must enter into every juridical structure because it is a right, a human right. Otherwise we would end up in a situation where we select what is a right, saying  this right that has merit, this one does not.  It (conscientious objection) is a human right. It always moved me when I read, and I read it many times, when I read the  Chanson de Roland  when the people were all in line and before them was the baptismal font and they had to choose between the baptismal font or the sword. They had to choose. They weren t permitted conscientious objection. It is a right and if we want to make peace we have to respect all rights. The ABC News Chief Foreign Correspondent asked if that includes government officials as well, and the Pope reiterated that conscientious objection is a human right:  It is a human right and if a government official is a human person, he has that right,  Pope Francis affirmed.After the above statement of Pope Francis was published, some in the media wondered if the Pontiff knew of Kim Davis.  Not only did Pope Francis know of Kim Davis, he personally met with her to express his support,  concluded Staver.Via: Barbed Wire",0
21436,FAKE BOMB INCIDENT Wasn’t First Time Muslim Clock Boy Was In Trouble,"Even though the Muslim Clock Boy s attention seeking radical father won t allow the school to tell their side of the story, sooner or later the real truth eventually leaks out Before he was put in handcuffs for bringing a  homemade  clock to school and became an overnight celebrity, Ahmed Mohamed  racked up weeks of suspensions  and clashed with authority while in middle school, the Dallas Morning News reported.While attending Sam Houston Middle School in Irving, Texas, Mohamed  mastered electronics and English, once built a remote control to prank the classroom projector and bragged of reciting his First Amendment rights in the principal s office,  according to the report.Despite rumors about the 14-year-old s past disciplinary problems, Mohamed s status as a minor has prevented the Irving Independent School District from speaking out on the matter.Critics have argued that his past behavior may have influenced how school officials responded to the clock that officials thought could have been a  hoax bomb.  Irving Mayor Beth Van Duyne recently told TheBlaze that the Mohamed family has ignored requests by the school district to allow officials to speak out about the case. The context, she said, would help explain why the situation progressed as it did.However, his seventh-grade history teacher, Ralph Kubiak, has become the first person to open up about the  weird little kid  that sat in his classroom. I saw a lot of him in me. That thirst for knowledge   he s one of those kids that could either be CEO of a company or head of a gang,  he told the Dallas Morning News.Kubiak also confirmed that Mohamed would regularly bring gadgets to school that were much more complicated than the clock assembled in a pencil box that recently got him into trouble.Via: The Blaze",0
21437,CASTRO IGNORES DISASTROUS COMMUNIST POLICIES That Destroyed Cubans: Blames World Leaders At UN Assembly For Allowing Millions To Go Hungry,"If Obama had a communist friend he d be this poor victim Raul Castro the champion of human rights and justice What a dog and pony show.Cuban leader Raul Castro used his first speech before the United Nations General Assembly to lash out at the international body, saying Monday that member states have failed to produce much beyond an  illusion  of the human rights, justice and development promised in the charter.Castro made scant mention of last summer s landmark restoration of ties with the United States after a five-decade break, instead delivering a searing indictment of world superpowers for allowing millions to remain hungry, illiterate and at risk of death by curable illnesses while annual military expenses worldwide amount to more than $1.7 trillion. Barely a fraction of that figure could resolve the most pressing problems afflicting humanity,  Castro said.Castro received warm applause and scattered cheers when he made his U.N. debut, and several Latin American and African leaders gave him a standing ovation at the end of his remarks, in apparent approval of his narrative that Western colonialism and imperialism are at the roots of today s conflicts. He didn t name names, but his allusions to the United States and its allies were clear as he criticized invasions and overthrows, the  selective and discriminatory  approach to human rights, and the threat of climate change stemming from  an irrational and unsustainable consumerism. There have constantly been wars of aggression and interference in the internal affairs of the states, the ousting of sovereign governments by force, the so-called  soft coups  and the recolonization of territories,  Castro said.Via: McClatchyDC",0
21438,"SAY WHAT? [Video] LEFTIST COMEDIAN BILL MAHER Destroys Muslim Clock Boy, While Ronald Reagan’s Son Tries To Defend Him"," He did not invent anything. He didn t invent a clock. He took the guts out of a clock radio that he bought in a store and put it in a pencil box. This is like pouring Cheerios into a bowl and saying you invented cereal. You know what Ron [Reagan]? Try to take that through airport security.   -Bill MaherCan we all just agree that the idea that the Muslim Clock Boy (a term we coined) is or has been persecuted is insane? This was nothing more than a muslim boy who wanted to see how far he could push his school by bringing a fake bomb to school.Wouldn t it be great if the left could take the same dog-on-a-bone approach to defending Christianity in this country? Where were these loudmouth defenders of Christianity when Obamacare was forcing mandates on people that violated their religious beliefs? Or how about the baker or florist or pizza shop who all said they would be happy to help serve gay people in their restaurant or perform a service for them, just not in the case of a gay marriage? Who in the media (or White House) ran to the microphone to defend them?Here s the clip from the Bill Maher show:I m not a fan of Bill Maher, but I ve got to hand it to him this time he s 100% correct about the Muslim Clock Boy and how everyone from Obama to the media gets an  F  for epic fail on how they handled this story. Let s just hope some teacher doesn t overlook the next Muslim kid who brings a bomb to school in a briefcase out of fear that they might be publicly flogged by the media or our pathetic Musim  President. Yes we did say MUSLIM  President .",0
21439,A PICTURE IS WORTH A THOUSAND WORDS: A Lone Socialist Takes This Ironic Message To Trump,"We re gonna go out on a limb and guess that this young man s presence will only harden the resolve of most Trump supporters to support his campaign Lone Bernie fan before Trump appearance at OK State Fair. Tyler Woodfin, 21, OU student. pic.twitter.com/6YTAo4wYLr  Rosie Gray (@RosieGray) September 25, 2015",0
21440,CATHOLIC PARTIAL BIRTH-ABORTION SUPPORTING DEMOCRAT Steals Pope’s Water To Drink And Splash On Grandkids [Video]…You Won’t Believe What He’s Doing Next,"He did the same thing at Obama s inauguration Sounds like someone needs a trip to the confessional (and/or a psychiatrist) Rep. Bob Brady, a Democrat, supports partial birth abortion.h/t Gateway PunditBut wait the story gets even better:This is not the first time Brady has pulled a stunt like this, with the Philadelphia Daily News reporting he did the same thing after President Obama s inauguration, though he just saved that glass and did not drink from it.They also spoke to Representative Brady who said he had saved the cup and would have police dust it for fingerprints to prove it was used by Pope Francis.He also had police dust President Obama s glass as well.Via: Daily Mail ",0
21441,POPE MAKES VISIT TO NUNS OBAMA REGIME IS SUING For Not Conforming To Obamacare Contraception Mandate,"Leave it to our Community Organizer In Chief to bully nuns who ve committed their lives to helping the poor in our country over a contraception mandateIf Obama s rules apply to these nuns why don t they apply to the tens of millions who are living in the United States illegally?  Pope Francis paid a short visit to the Little Sisters of the Poor community in Washington, D.C. on Wednesday to support them in their court case over the contraception mandate, the Vatican s spokesman revealed.It was a  short visit that was not in the program,  Father Federico Lombardi, director of the Holy See Press Office, said at an evening press conference during the papal visit to the nation s capital. This is a sign, obviously, of support for them  in their court case, he affirmed.The sisters have filed a lawsuit against the Obama administration for its 2012 mandate that employers provide insurance coverage for birth control, sterilizations, and drugs that can cause abortions in employee health plans. The sisters have maintained that to provide this coverage would violate their religious beliefs.Even after the Obama administration modified the rules as an  accommodation  for objecting organizations, the sisters held that the revised rules would force them to violate their consciences.The majority of a three-judge panel for the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in July that the Little Sisters of the Poor did not establish that the mandate was a  substantial burden  on their free exercise of religion, and thus ruled they still had to abide by the mandate.The papal visit was not on the official schedule for Pope Francis  Washington, D.C. visit, which included Wednesday visits to the White House, a midday prayer service with the U.S. bishops at St. Matthew s Cathedral, and the canonization mass for St. Junipero Serra at the Basilica of the National Shrine of the Immaculate Conception.It was a  little addition to the program, but I think it has an important meaning,  Fr. Lombardi said.He added that the visit  is connected  to  the words that the Pope has said in support of the position of the bishops of the United States in the speech to President Obama and also in the speech to the bishops. Pope Francis, with President Obama at the White House, called religious freedom  one of America s most precious possessions  and had hearkened to the U.S. bishops  defense of religious freedom.  All are called to be vigilant, precisely as good citizens, to preserve and defend that freedom from everything that would threaten or compromise it,  he had said.In response to the news of the visit with the sisters, Archbishop Joseph Kurtz of Louisville, president of the U.S. Bishops Conference, said that he was  so pleased  to hear of the visit. As you know the last thing the Little Sisters of the Poor want to do is sue somebody. They don t want to sue in court,  he insisted.  They simply want to serve people who are poor and elderly, and they want to do it in a way that doesn t conflict with their beliefs.Via: Catholic News Agency",0
21442,YOU GOTTA LOVE THIS: [VIDEO] White Girl Told She’s Not Allowed To Wear Dreadlocks To School,"Try telling a young black girl she can t wear dreadlocks to school  A Utah School has told a teenage student she can t wear dreadlocks to school, and now the mom is claiming discrimination. Except the student is lily-white.The Lincoln Academy in Pleasant Grove reprimanded eighth-grader Caycee Cunningham for wearing dreadlocks to school, saying it violates the school s dress code. Her mom, however, claims she wears them for  religious reasons,  Fox13Now is reporting.Caycee recently studied abroad in Guatemala and converted to Hinduism. She wears the dreadlocks as a result of that  spiritual journey,  mother Tonya Judd said.Students of other ethnicities are apparently allowed to wear dreadlocks, but her white daughter isn t.  My daughter is white and there happens to be other kids in the school who happen to be other race and ethnicity and they have hair that can t be combed, and there s never been an issue regarding that before,  Judd said. Principal Jake Hunt said the school s dress code doesn t specifically ban dreadlocks, but there are policies against  unnatural hair colors  and  distracting hair cuts  that all students must abide by.  Our dress code says that our students  hair must have a neat, combed appearance, be appropriate for school, and not be distracting in the classroom, which is pretty similar to what many schools in our area have,  he said.Principal Hunt said Caycee will not face any repercussions for continuing to wear dreadlocks, but she is in violation of school policy. Judd and Caycee said they will stand their ground and Caycee will continue to wear the dreadlocks and transfer schools if need be. Via: DownTrend  ",0
21443,WATCH HOW COLLEGE STUDENTS RESPOND When They’re Shown A Picture Of Muslim Boy’s “Clock” And Asked What It Is,"Students at George Mason University overwhelmingly thought Ahmed Mohamed s homemade clock looked like a bomb, according to a new video published online.Dan Joseph, with the conservative Media Research Center, visited the campus just outside D.C. and showed students a photo of the controversial clock. He then asked them what they thought it looked like. I m going to show you this and you tell me what you think it is   the first thing that pops in your head,  Joseph told the students.No it doesn t resemble a bomb it s actually a ticket to the White House, a job offer at Twitter and Facebook, an MIT education, a reason for an online fundraiser and instant celebrity with more interview offers than this innocent Muslim boy of an activist Muslim father can schedule ",0
21444,BREAKING: [VIDEO] Controversial Mayor Who Refused To Allow Sharia Law In Texas City Where Muslim Clock Boy Went To School Explains Why School Can’t Tell Their Side Of Story,"There s always another side that s usually being buried by the mainstream media in order to promote a leftist agenda Media coverage on Ahmed  Bomb-Clock  Mohamed has been remarkably one-sided, with the Mohamed family and the media spinning a tale of Islamophobia and overreaction.However, in an appearance on Glenn Beck s The Blaze TV last night, the mayor of the city where Mohamed goes to school painted a starkly different picture. Among other revelations were her claims that the Mohamed family had stonewalled her and seemed more interested in talking with the Council on American-Islamic Relations and related groups than with city officials.Irving, Texas, Mayor Beth Van Duyne said that, since Mohamed is a juvenile, they cannot release the records of what caused police to arrest him. She says that the family has refused to allow those records to be released, according to Townhall.com. The (Irving) school district, a number of times, has asked the family to release the records, so that you can have the balanced story out there,  Van Duyne said.  The family is ignoring the request from the ISD. The mayor said the records would  help to describe why it progressed as it did. Nobody is going to walk in and say,  Oh you re a 14-year old child, you re totally cooperating, we have all the answers we need, let s arrest you,  Van Duyne said, adding she had information that Mohamed was being  passive aggressive  and  non-responsive  when police questioned him.Van Duyne also noted that the family seemed more interested in seeking press than resolving the issue. We had tried to reach out to the family a number of times; this was before it ever even hit the papers on Wednesday,  Van Duyne said.  At the exact same time they were supposed to be meeting with us, they were on their front lawn with a press conference. Van Duyne also slammed President Barack Obama for jumping the gun on Ahmed Mohamed s case. We never even got a call from anybody at the White House asking to verify any of that information,  Van Duyne said.  I don t think the picture of the hoax bomb was even released before he tweeted  cool clock kid. Van Duyne, adding that Irving officials were receiving death threats because of the case, said that the  teacher was reacting to the device, not the student. If something had happened, and nobody had spoken up, people would be livid,  Van Duyne said.  Can you imagine if you were a parent at ISD and no one said anything? Via: Conservative Tribune",0
21445,EU LEADERS PLEDGE EXTRA €1 Billion In Aid To Refugees…Slovakia Will Take EU To Court Over Forced Refugee Quotas," It won t lead to any solution. It s a kind of European Union dictatorship towards smaller members An extra  1 billion ( 733 million) has been pledged by EU leaders to help tackle the refugee crisis following an emergency summit in Brussels.It comes as Slovakia says it will go to court to challenge compulsory quotas for relocating 120,000 refugees approved by European Union ministers.Britain has not signed up to the plans, instead opting for a relocation scheme to take 20,000 Syrian refugees from countries in the Middle East over the next five years. Via: itvFour of the 28 EU countries voted against the quota system on Tuesday, with Finland abstaining. Slovakia, one of the loudest critics of the decision, which was advocated strongly by Germany and France, announced it would challenge it in court. We will go in two directions: first one, we will file a charge at the court in Luxembourg  secondly, we will not implement the (decision) of the interior ministers,  the Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico told reporters on Wednesday, before leaving for an EU leaders  summit in Brussels. We have been refusing this nonsense from the beginning, and as a sovereign country we have the right to sue,  he added, saying his country would not submit to the quota as long as he leads it.Slovakia, which has a population of 5.4 million, objects to the relocation of 120,000 migrants and refugees from Italy and Greece throughout the EU. It currently has only a small migrant community and the public opinion is against accepting Muslim asylum seekers, who make up the majority of those looking to enter Europe this year.Fico called the decision passed by a rare vote, rather than the accepted unanimous vote by all EU member states, a  dictate of the majority  and said the plan fails to address the core issues of the refugee crisis.Meanwhile, Jurgen Elsaesser, editor-in-chief of the German-based magazine Compact, told RT that the way the quota vote took place, threatens European unity, while it was also a  total nonsense  in practical terms. It won t lead to any solution. It s a kind of European Union dictatorship towards smaller members,  he said, speaking to RT.  Brussels tries to press them into accepting more refugees, but the people and the governments of these countries are not willing to do so. This will become a serious rift within the European Union.   Via: RT",0
21446,SO STUPID IT HURTS: [VIDEO] NYC Jogger Threatens Dad With Stroller For Bumping Into Him…Accuses Him Of “White Privilege”…There’s Only One Problem…,"This jogger is a perfect example of how indoctrinated youth grow up to be well, just stupid people. Don t let this happen to your children. Get involved in their education, ask questions about discussions they re having in school. You have no one to blame but yourself if your child grows up to be this stupid:",0
21447,HERE’S THE LIST Of Heartless Senators Who Voted Against Banning Late Term Abortions,"Godless heartless and without conscience .Senate Democrats have blocked the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act from moving forward in the Senate.The Pain-Capable Act needed 60 votes in order to invoke cloture, but failed Tuesday in a 54-42 vote.Sens. Joe Manchin, D-W.Va.; Bob Casey, D-Pa.; and Joe Donnelly, D-Ind., were the only Democrats to support the bill. Sens. Mark Kirk, R-Ill., and Susan Collins, R-Maine, broke with Republicans to oppose it. (See below how your senators voted.)Via: Daily Signal",0
21448,THE REAL REASON JOE BIDEN HASN’T ANNOUNCED HE’S RUNNING YET: Reliable Investigative Reporter Shares The Disturbing Inside Scoop,"Obama couldn t just endorse Joe Biden because like a loyal dog, he s defended every one of his unconstitutional acts against America. No Obama doesn t do anything without injecting Chicago style politics into the equation. In this case, he will only endorse one of the dumbest men in Washington DC for our next President if he agrees to his radical terms.How very  Putin-esque The talk in Democratic Party circles is that Barack Obama has told Joe Biden that he is prepared to endorse him for president if, in return, Biden promises to let Obama have a final say in the choice of his vice presidential running mate.According to these Democratic sources, Biden is mulling over the president s conditional offer of support.In addition, there is speculation among top Democratic sources that Obama has another quid pro quo for his endorsement: he wants Biden to choose an African American as his vice presidential running mate.In this scenario, which Obama has not yet fully explained to Biden, Biden would promise to serve only one term in the White House, after which he would back his vice president to succeed him.As Biden s vice president, Obama is said to favor former Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick, a close Obama ally who is the first and only African American to have served as governor of the Bay State.Obama has already given Biden carte blanche to use Air Force Two, the official vice presidential plane, to crisscross the country and launch an unofficial campaign.So far, Biden has visited several key primary and general election states and hammered GOP frontrunner Donald Trump, charging that Trump is offering a  sick message  on immigration.Biden has also courted the Jewish vote, hinting that he will meet with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.With Obama s blessing, Biden appeared on  The Late Show With Stephen Colbert,  where he discussed his son Beau s death from brain cancer and came across as an authentic alternative to the stiff and overly scripted Hillary Clinton. Via: Edward Klein",0
21449,EXPOSE THE LIES: Shut Down Planned Parenthood’s Phone Lines,"TODAY IS  SCHEDULE YOUR MAMMOGRAM DAY  WITH PLANNED PARENTHOOD   PP LIES TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SO WE THINK IT S IMPORTANT TO CALL THEM OUT ON THE FACTS: They DO NOT perform mammograms!Please call your local Planned parenthood clinic and ask if you can schedule your mammogram with them   Do it today! A few years ago, Cecile Richards went on television and said that if Planned Parenthood was defunded, women would lose access to services  such as mammograms.  As a former clinic director of Planned Parenthood, I knew this was simply not true.We scheduled our first  Schedule Your Mammogram Day  after that. We had over 10,000 people call Planned Parenthood. While we were hoping for an official statement from Planned Parenthood, they were silent.Just a couple nights ago at the Miss America pageant, one of the contestants stated that Planned Parenthood shouldn t be defunded because women would lose access to those dang mammograms.We figured maybe it was time to make some more calls. Hey, maybe Planned Parenthood started providing mammograms in house!? It s time to find out.We are asking prolifers everywhere to call your local Planned Parenthood clinics and ask to schedule your mammogram.GOAL: 20,000 calls!WHO CAN CALL? Anyone! If you re a guy   call to schedule one for the lady in your life. WHEN: All day on September 21, 2015 WHERE: Google your local planned parenthood and call  em up. IMPORTANT: AT THE END OF EVERY CALL, MAKE SURE TO TELL THE PLANNED PARENTHOOD WORKER TO GO VISIT WWW.ABORTIONWORKER.COM.We will continue to do this month after month until Planned Parenthood makes an official statement announcing that they do NOT provide mammogram services. It s time to bust this myth once and for all.AT THE END OF EVERY CALL, MAKE SURE TO TELL THE PLANNED PARENTHOOD WORKER TO GO VISIT WWW.ABORTIONWORKER.COM.PLANNED PARENTHOOD IS LYING TO YOU!The big fib that Planned Parenthood leads with, and one that is endlessly repeated by their friends in the media, is that if Planned Parenthood is defunded, where will all those women go for their mammograms? Planned Parenthood CEO Cecile Richards says this wherever she goes.Planned Parenthood does not do mammograms. Lila Rose of LiveAction showed this by having people call dozens of Planned Parenthood facilities asked for a mammogram and being told every single time,  No, we don t do mammograms  and then being directed to a local clinic that does.No one has to take Lila Rose s word for it though, according to a dossier prepared by Americans United for Life,  As recently as 2012, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services has confirmed that no Planned Parenthood clinic is authorized to perform mammograms. Read more: Breitbart News",0
21450,#BlackLivesMatter Terrorists Using #BlackRail On Twitter To Organize Shut Down Of Rail Before MN Vikings Game,"Sanctioned domestic terrorists taking direction from our Organizer In Chief and funding from his billionaire marxist friend, George Soros. Are there new laws about acts of terrorism and threats against Americans that we re unaware of? Since when did it become okay to threaten innocent people taking their families on a train to a football game with their radical behavior? Are we still in America? #BlackLivesMatter St. Paul is planning to shut down light rail before the Minnesota Vikings game on Sunday. This is a typical act for the group which often tries to disrupt traffic during specific events or rush hour.FOX 9 in Minneapolis reported: Black Lives Matter  plans to shut down light rail before Vikings  home openerThe group  Black Lives Matter Saint Paul  announced their plans on Facebook Thursday to shut down the light rail before the Vikings  home opener this Sunday. Sunday September 20th is the Minnesota Vikings  home opener, big money day, so what better day to shut the light rail down and disrupt business as usual,  they said in a press release.  Enough is enough of business as usual! We must bring an end to white supremacy and the status quo. Black Lives Matter Saint Paul refers to an incident on Aug. 31 when Marcus Abrams, 17,  was beaten into multiple seizures by a group of Metro Transit police officers.  On Sunday, the group will be joined by Abrams, his mother,  and many others to talk about Autism, police brutality, and bringing an end to white supremacy. The demonstration is set to occur around 9:30 a.m. in St. Paul, starting just south of University Ave. on Lexington across from Dairy Queen. The light rail Green Line runs along University Avenue and includes stops on the University of Minnesota campus, where the Vikings are playing at noon at TCF Bank Stadium.Organizers are using the hashtag #BlackRail for Sunday s protest.Via: Progressives Today",0
21451,MUSLIM CLOCK BOY’S LIE EXPOSED [Video] Expert Proves Boy Who Received Invitation To White House And Thousands In Donations Story Was A Hoax,"Everything about this muslim boy s story is a lie. From the first lie that he made the clock to the lie about him being unfairly targeted by the school. But in the Muslim faith, it s okay to lie (taqiya)as long as you re promoting your faith. In Shi a Islam, taqiya (  taqiyyah/taq yah) is a form of religious veil, or a legal dispensation whereby a believing individual can deny his faith or commit otherwise illegal or blasphemous acts, especially while they are in fear or at risk of significant persecution.Our  President  Barack Obama brazenly supported and promoted the  persecution  of this poor Muslim boy:Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It's what makes America great.  President Obama (@POTUS44) September 16, 2015 Cool clock, Ahmed. Want to bring it to the White House? We should inspire more kids like you to like science. It s what makes America great.  President Barack Obama, September 16, 2015It was a Hoax.Ahmed Mohamed s claims that he assembled a clock at home that he took to school is starting to unravel.Two investigators who have studied the image of Mohamed s device provided by Irving, Texas police have concluded that Mohamed did not make the clock. Both conclude that Mohamed disassembled a manufactured clock and installed it in a large pencil box without its casing. And both say it is possible it was done to provoke suspicion or to resemble a bomb.Update: Clock has been identified as being sold in a 1986 Radio Shack catalogue by an Art Voice reader. The headline and text for this article has been changed to reflect the update.14-year-old Mohamed, a Muslim, was briefly arrested and investigated for bringing a hoax bomb to MacArthur High School in Irving, Texas on Monday. He was subsequently cleared.Thousands of dollars have been donated to Ahmed Mohamed in just the past few days, reported CNN. On Monday, 14-year-old Mohamed was arrested for taking a homemade clock to school that his teachers thought was a bomb. So crowdfunding platform LaunchGood started a campaign to raise $100,000 for the Muslim teen. In just one day, the site had raised over $10,000 from more than 200 backers. It s hoping to raise $100,000 by October 13. The support for it has been amazing,  said Chris Abdur-Rahman Blauvelt, CEO of LaunchGood, which supports projects started by Muslims or ones that are tied to the history and study of Islam. Blauvelt said his campaign has the approval of Mohamed s family. He said half of the money donated will go toward a scholarship fund for Mohamed and the rest to efforts that foster creativity and inventiveness in kids. In addition to LaunchGood, crowdfunding platform Gofundme has also launched a campaign for Mohamed. It s raised more than $4,000 with a goal of $60,000 that will go toward Mohamed s future college tuition. Thomas Talbot posted a video to YouTube explaining the various parts in the photo of Mohamed s briefcase clock belong to a manufactured alarm clock. Anthony , writing at the blog Art Voice, detailed how Mohamed s device is actually a 1980s digital alarm clock sold by Radio Shack.Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
21452,TRUMP GETS HAMMERED [Video] For Not Condemning Question At Town Hall About Muslim Training Camps In US…But He Was Right…And Here’s The Proof,"Yeah, because taking Trump down is more important to these flame throwers on the left (and right) than exposing the truth about Obama s  overt allegiance to Muslims living in America and the actual Muslim training camps that are taking place across America right now.Donald Trump pulled out of a Republican gathering in South Carolina Friday as he took hits from members of both parties for failing to correct a questioner who said President Obama is a Muslim. Mr. Trump has a significant business transaction that was expected to close Thursday. Due to the delay he is unable to attend today s Heritage Action Presidential Forum,  Trump s campaign announced in a release Friday.Trump had been scheduled to join most of the Republican field at the meeting of the influential conservative group.Trump drew condemnation Friday from some of his rivals for his failure to confront the questioner at a New Hampshire town hall who had labeled the president a Muslim, asked what he would do to  get rid  of Muslims and mentioned Islamic  training camps. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie told NBC Friday,  I wouldn t have permitted that. If someone brought that up at a town hall meeting of mine, I would ve said,  No, listen. Before we answer, let s clear some things up for the rest of the audience. And I think you have an obligation as a leader to do that. If that person had been in my event I would have called him out in it,  Hillary Clinton said at a press conference after a campaign event in New Hampshire. Not only is it out of place and wrong it is totally factually untrue.  Sen. Bernie Sanders demanded that Trump apologize for  continuing the lie that the president is not an American and not a Christian. FOX News   Hidden in a remote area off a primitive dirt road lies a mysterious 70-acre compound in which more than 100 Muslims live in seclusion, following the teachings of its founder, a radical cleric with alleged ties to terrorism.It s neither a Taliban stronghold outside Jalalabad, nor an extremist madrassa on the outskirts of Karachi.It s a place called Islamberg, a closed and seemingly quiet community at the foot of the Catskill Mountains in upstate New York, about three hours north of Manhattan.It s also a compound shrouded in local rumors, mystery   and fear   sitting near the huge reservoir system that provides New York City with most of its drinking water.Quietly nestled in the woods, Islamberg remained unnoticed for the two decades leading up to Sept. 11, 2001, when the World Trade Center and the Pentagon were attacked by a determined band of Islamic extremists.That s when people started questioning the community s ties to a Pakistani cleric allegedly connected to worldwide terrorism. They also started talking about the unusual sounds of gunfire and explosions some said they heard emanating from the compound.But before you leap to conclusions and head to the Catskills to personally fight the war on terror   you need to know the entire story. The truth, as is often the case, is a lot more complicated than the headlines suggest.Islamberg got its start about 20 years ago, when   inspired by the words of the Sufi cleric Sheikh Syed Mubarik Ali Shah Gilani   a group of primarily black Muslims from Brooklyn left New York City to escape crime, poverty and racism. Aiming to lead what they believed was a peaceful and holy Muslim life, they built a community of some 40 family houses, their own grocery store and a bookstore.And they weren t alone. Other groups, also inspired by Gilani, have set up similiar communities in 19 other states. According to the group s own Web site, the Islamberg community is still  struggling,  and is asking for donations to complete its mosque.According to locals, the land previously belonged to a Deposit, N.Y., woman who opened up her home in the in the late 1970s or early  80s to disadvantaged youths from the city so that they could avoid being led astray by a financially and morally bankrupt urban environment.Those boys, according to locals who were friendly with some of the group, eventually went on to form Islamberg, and at some point they were joined by another group of more militant Muslims, who created something of a rival faction within the community.The group lived quietly there for years with little interaction with the local communities except for forays into town for supplies or to sell baked goods at the weekly flea market. Some of the men had jobs at a local credit-processing center or working for the Port Authority in New York City (where they are said to maintain a residence near a bridge that runs between two boroughs).In the few instances when they did have relationships with the locals, they were almost always friendly, many said. Sometimes local children would visit their friends in the compound. There was a sense of camaraderie with them,  one woman said.Watch video here:There was a notable exception, a situation involving the local schools in the late 1990s when some of the Islamberg boys got into a scuffle with local boys. They broke my nephew s nose,  said a Hancock, N.Y., woman, who asked that her name not be used.Another man said the Muslim boys  trashed  the school in Deposit.Locals variously blamed the fighting on an angry attitude on the part of the Muslim boys, racism on the part of the local boys or the  usual  relatively trivial events that lead almost all teenage boys into a confrontation at one point or another in their lives.According to Joy Felber, 62, a retired taxidermist who s lived in Deposit for 19 years, the cause lay with a group of local boys who picked a fight with the Muslims. We had some young boys in town who were causing trouble   not from the Muslim community   but they were antagonizing the boys in the Muslim community,  Felber said.  It was lack of knowledge. When people don t know other people, they have a tendency to lash out. And you put two teenage boys together and sparks fly. After a further controversy about whether the Islamberg boys should have been going to public school in Deposit or Hancock (the compound lies on the border between the two towns, and even longtime residents differ on whether it s technically in Deposit, Hancock or nearby Tompkins), the boys were pulled from the schools and the Muslim community drew away from town life.All Islamberg children are now schooled on the compound in a school that, according to one report, has a total of 62 students.",0
21453,"NO WONDER HE’S SMILING: Michigan’s Most Liberal College Awards President Salary Increase To $772,500","The average cost for an out of state student to attend the University of Michigan is around $45,000/year. But let s talk about how the government  taxpayer should be subsidizing the tuition of college students in America The University of Michigan Board of Regents voted Thursday to give President Mark Schlissel a 3 percent pay raise, his first since taking office last year.The increase, approved unanimously and with little fanfare, means $22,500 will be added to his base salary of $750,000, raising it to $772,500.Regent Andrew Richner gave an overview of the president s accomplishments, including dealing with athletic controversies, elevating the university s profile and commissioning the university s first sexual misconduct survey. He has hit the ground running,  Richner said.Schlissel took office in July 2014 as UM s 14th president.Via: Detroit News ",0
21454,"Watch How Anti-American Actress, Emily Blunt “Dixie-Chicked” Herself Only Days Before Her New Movie Release [VIDEO]","Does anyone remember these girls?Dixie who?Just days before the release of the drug cartel thriller Sicario, actress Emily Blunt is taking more fire for saying during an interview last weekend she regrets becoming a U.S. citizen after watching the first Republican presidential debate.The star told The Hollywood Reporter,  I became an American citizen recently, and that night, we watched the Republican debate and I thought,  This was a terrible mistake. What have I done? During the interview, Blunt also described Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA)15% as  pretty impressive. Tuesday, on Fox & Friends, co-host Anna Kooiman hit back hard at Blunt for those and other comments, saying,  You know what, then why don t you leave Hollywood, California, and let some American women take on the roles that you re getting? Because Americans are watching your movies and lining your pockets. Co-host Brian Kilmeade agreed, saying,  I agree with you. Longtime co-host Steve Doocy then compared Blunt s comments to those made by the country group the Dixie Chicks, who never rebounded after making critical, anti-war comments of President George W. Bush in 2003. You know what Emily Blunt just did? She just Dixie Chicked herself. She has alienated half the country, and now will think twice about going to one of her movies,  said Doocy. I actually didn t know she was, and I ve seen a lot of movies,  Kilmeade said.He added,  Congratulations You re an American citizen and you re very unhappy. https://youtu.be/h3DmvsASbaUBlunt doubled down on the comment Tuesday during a conversation with PEOPLE, when the mag asked her if filming the movie scared her. You know, what scared me was watching the Republican debate after becoming a citizen,  she said at a New York screening of Sicario.Blunt has now appeared four times in the last week to make disparaging comments about becoming an American. The actress became a naturalized citizen on Aug. 4 in Los Angeles, CA.Her comments are being portrayed by numerous media outlets as if they were made as a joke, while a number of those outlets are discounting Fox & Friends for holding her accountable for making them. Via: Breitbart NewsHere she is on the Jimmy Kimmel show admitting that she looks down her nose at Americans.  I m not sure I m entirely thrilled about it. People ask me about the whole day. They were like,  Oh, it must have been so emotional.  I was like,  It wasn t! It was sad!  I like being British. : ",0
21455,"(Video) Angry Latino Activist: “Ultimately, it doesn’t matter if we’re undocumented.”",Anti-Trump Activist says what everyone on the left thinks  His comment is at the 1:52 mark: ,0
21456,WAS HIS DEATH COINCIDENTAL? [VIDEO] He Warned Us Obama Would Divide Us By Race And Class…He Claimed He Had Proof…Then Suddenly He Died,"Andrew Breitbart got under the skin of the left like no other. When he entered the political scene, progressives had been so used to getting a pass from polite conservatives, they didn t quite know what to make of him. By exposing the ties between unions, academia, the media and Democrat party, Andrew made their plan to disrupt everything we hold dear about our country much more difficult to implement.He was 100% correct in his predication about what Obama would do to our country. It s too bad the media did everything they could to bury his message and pretend he didn t exist.Watch Andrew explain Barack Obama s plan to divide our nation just prior to Obama s second term:This video is one of the best examples of how Andrew Breitbart boldly and brilliantly exposed the truth behind the very well organized progressive democrat party: If you can t sell freedom and liberty you s*ck! Here is the brilliant and very funny story about how Andrew Breitbart went from an apathetic liberal to a passionate conservative and the #1 enemy of the left. Truth is light and light is the best disinfectant. No one s light shined brighter on the left than our hero, Andrew Breitbart.Sheriff Arpaio talks about how he spoke with Andrew on the phone just before he died on March 1, 2012:Listen to one of the only witnesses who were present when Andrew Breitbart died:Here is Sean Hannity s tribute to Andrew that shows the amazing work by Breitbart and how he started the  citizen journalism revolution :Here is the video Breitbart planned to release before he died. Watch brilliant economist Thomas Sowell explain the significance of this video and Barack Obama s relationship with radical Harvard Law School professor Derrick Bell.Here is a trailer from the brilliant movie,  Hating Breitbart  that was released shortly after his death. It shows his support for conservatives and tea party members: He came out of nowhere and shook things up like no other before him. There will never be another Breitbart.Rest in peace Andrew Breitbart. We ll do our part to help keep your torch lit #War ",0
21457,[VIDEO] The Left Is Going To Really Dislike Ms South Carolina’s Answer To This Question About Guns,"South Carolina s Daja Dial could have answered a question posed to her during the Miss America pageant in a way that would have likely satisfied the judge who asked a question about gun control. We give Ms. South Carolina a perfect  10  for standing up for our 2nd Amendment. Daja chose instead, to offer viewers a logical,  common sense answer to the very politically charged question.Unfortunately, her answer to the question about gun control may be the reason she s not wearing the Miss America crown today.Watch her short interview here:",0
21458,Obamanation: Watch Black Mob Attack Fair Ride Operator For The Lamest Reason Ever,"Black mob goes crazy and attacks fair ride operator at the Delta Fair in Tennessee. what they attacked him for is just so lame he wasn t loading kids fast enough. so the poor kids looked on in horror as the ride operator was pummeled. Update: Memphis Police have arrested a man who allegedly started a fight at the Delta Fair Sunday afternoon.24-year old Antonio Butler is the man seen at the center of what appeared to be an all-out brawl in front of a ride at the fair. Police say the fight started because Butler wasn t admitted on the ride because it was full at the time. After Butler was denied he, along with a few others, became irate and the attack began.A fair patron recorded the fight and put the video on Facebook, which has since received millions of views. Many of the comments on the video express concerns about safety at the fair, and whether or not it will return for another year. Sunday was the last day for the fair.Everyone involved in the fight was escorted off the premises shortly after. Butler now faces assault charges.",0
21459,NEVER FORGET? College Students Give DISTURBING Answers About Why America Was Attacked On 9/11 [VIDEO],Baffling the worst terrorist attack in history and you d think American college students would have a clue about why we were attacked. ,0
21460,IT’S ALL THE RAGE: LIBERAL WRITER DECIDES TO CHANGE HER BODY TO MATCH HER GENDER NEUTRAL MIND,"As the years pass, people are doing more and more horrible things to themselves like severe mutilation to deny your gender. Of course, they might not look at it in those terms but most sane people wouldn t go to the extremes to be a  nonbinary  person. It s funny because we have people pretending to be a different race and people pretending to be a different or neutral gender. The world really has gone mad This is just so wrong on so many levels. This woman is severely disturbed. Author Lore Graham has now classified herself as a  nonbinary  person with no gender. She had her breasts, uterus, cervix and ovaries removed after taking testosterone. Now, her body is evidently in harmony with her mind and is just as screwed up. What kind of doctor would do this for a patient? If I were a doctor, I would have refused on the grounds that the patient wasn t mentally stable and that it would actually hurt the patient in the long run. Graham needs serious mental help. What she has done now can t be undone and she ll have to live with it. If she can that is. If she ever regains mental equilibrium, she may find that hard to do.From Mad World News:With the exception of rare genetic abnormalities, everyone who walks the earth is considered one of two genders   male or female. Well, that was until an unsatisfied woman from Boston, Massachusetts decided that she hated being a gender and did the unimaginable to her body   and it wasn t a sex change. Author Lore Graham is a self-described  nonbinary  person, or rather, someone who chooses not to be defined by a gender. Although she was born a female, she always despised her breasts, ovaries, and uterus. Instead of accepting her gender, she decided to do something rather extreme about it.  I felt weird having breasts and I despised my body s ability to get pregnant,  Lore explained, according to IJ Review.  I started taking testosterone three years ago, which improved my mental health and body image but didn t solve the problem of my chest or uterus.  Although the testosterone helped her body, she still felt out of harmony. In order to achieve happiness, she underwent both a mastectomy and hysterectomy this summer, ridding her body of the pesky breasts and uterus she was born with. On the day of the mastectomy in June, Lore was concerned that she may still be unhappy with the way she looked after the procedure. You would think that someone undergoing such a major surgery, especially an elective one, would be certain that what they were doing was the right move. After all was said and done, Lore was relieved and happy with her boyishly flat chest. A month later, Lore underwent the second procedure   the removal of her uterus, cervix, and ovaries. Everything went well, and Lore only complained that her  abdomen hurt but luckily my vagina didn t, and the doctor said everything had gone swimmingly.  Well, that was until she was required to pee before she was discharged from the hospital. Unfortunately, due to the procedure, she temporarily couldn t urinate on her own. After spending some time dealing with the hassle of a catheter shoved in her urethra, she made a full recovery, much to her delight. Lore is very pleased with her newly surgically mutilated body.  If desired, I put on a shirt. That s it. No bras, no binders, no support or compression, no back pain, no worrying about what type of shirt, nothing,  explained Lore, according toDaily Mail.  I live in my own body, that I ve customized to better harmonize with my brain, and it s working wonderfully.  That says a lot doesn t it? Let s repeat that,  customized to better harmonize with my brain.  Yet, the liberal left denies that what Lore and people like her are experiencing is a mental disorder. In what other circumstance would cutting off appendages or ripping out organs unnecessarily  to better harmonize  with the brain not be considered a psychiatric disorder? Unfortunately, our world has become a place where you can pick and choose whether you want to be male, female, or neither, and obvious mental issues are ignored in the name of political correctness. What happened to enjoying and being thankful for the body God gave you and addressing psychiatric disorders when they present themselves, rather than denying them as to not offend the disturbed? What s with the androgynous craze? It s just sick, twisted and perverted. Not only that, the government is promoting it and pushing it on children. Whatever freakish perception this woman has of herself, she is still a woman. God made her that way and rather than learning to accept and embrace her identity, she is butchering it. What? Because she didn t want to wear a bra? She wanted to go shirtless? Move to France  you could have saved yourself a bunch of money and pain. I wonder if she realizes by doing this she has significantly reduced her life expectancy. I wonder if a doctor even bothered to tell her that. I don t know why she is concerned with the way she looks, she is way past that burden. I can t believe no one intervened for this poor, delusional woman.Read more: Patriot Update",0
21461,WOMAN PULLED OVER FOR 51 MPH IN SCHOOL ZONE: “No wonder you people get shot” [VIDEO],"I ve never been more grateful there are so many good men and women who are willing to risk their lives for so many ignorant people Watch what happens when this Palm Beach Co., FL cop pulls over this woman for going 51 mph in a 20 mph school zone:",0
21462,(VIDEO) NEWS MEDIA STOOPS TO A SHOCKING ALL TIME LOW WITH THIS REPORT ON PUBLIC SEX ACT,"It s certainly not a stretch to say that this is part of why we have Obama. The media has become the National Enquirer with reports on idiotic items like the one below that does nothing but dumb down Americans. Please make an effort to contact your local news station if they report on items like this. There are plenty of news items without this type of story even making it on the news. This is also a HUGE reason why Americans and people around the world are turning to the NEW MEDIA with Twitter, Facebook and blogs that report what the news doesn t or won t. If you d like to speak up against this particular news station here s the contact information to e-mail or call: WTKRNorfolk, VIRGINIA   (Scroll down for video)   A woman in Virginia was arrested Tuesday after having sex with her unconscious boyfriend in the parking lot of a shopping center.36-year-old Kimberly M. Jackson told WTKR:  I was in the mood, and that s basically what happened. Once police arrived, they found Jackson and her boyfriend, Earl Palmer, in the parking lot. At the time, the man was unconscious and unresponsive. He was taken to Sentara Leigh Hospital for treatment. The alcohol made me think I wouldn t. I m not into erotic public sex or anything like that,  says Jackson. Jackson was arrested and charged for being drunk in public. OUR MEDIA JUST CAN T SEEM TO FIND SOMETHING WORTHY TO REPORT ON SO THIS IS NEWS TO THEM: ",0
21463,LAW ENFORCEMENT ON HIGH ALERT Following Threats Against Cops And Whites On 9-11By #BlackLivesMatter And #FYF911 Terrorists [VIDEO],"No comment is expected from Barack Obama Members of the #FYF911 or #FukYoFlag and #BlackLivesMatter movements called for the lynching and hanging of white people and cops. They encouraged others on a radio show Tuesday night to  turn the tide  and kill white people and cops to send a message about the killing of black people in America.One of the F***YoFlag organizers is called  Sunshine.  She has a radio blog show hosted from Texas called,  Sunshine s F***ing Opinion Radio Show. A snapshot of her #FYF911 @LOLatWhiteFear Twitter page at 9:53 p.m. shows that she was urging supporters to  Call now!! #fyf911 tonight we continue to dismantle the illusion of white Below is a SNAPSHOT Twitter Radio Call Invite   #FYF911The radio show aired at 10:00 p.m. eastern standard time.During the show, callers clearly call for  lynching  and  killing  of white people.A 2:39 minute clip from the radio show can be heard here. It was provided to Breitbart Texas by someone who would like to be referred to as  Hannibal.  He has already received death threats as a result of interrupting #FYF911 conference calls.An unidentified black man said  when those mother f**kers are by themselves, that s when when we should start f***ing them up. Like they do us, when a bunch of them ni**ers takin  one of us out, that s how we should roll up.  He said,  Cause we already roll up in gangs anyway. There should be six or seven black mother f**ckers, see that white person, and then lynch their ass. Let s turn the tables. They conspired that if  cops started losing people,  then  there will be a state of emergency. He speculated that one of two things would happen,  a big-ass [R s?????] war,  or  ni**ers, they are going to start backin  up. We are already getting killed out here so what the f**k we got to lose? Sunshine could be heard saying,  Yep, that s true. That s so f**king true. He said,  We need to turn the tables on them. Our kids are getting shot out here. Somebody needs to become a sacrifice on their side.He said,  Everybody ain t down for that s**t, or whatever, but like I say, everybody has a different position of war.  He continued,  Because they don t give a f**k anyway.  He said again,  We might as well utilized them for that s**t and turn the tables on these n**ers. He said, that way  we can start lookin  like we ain t havin  that many casualties, and there can be more causalities on their side instead of ours. They are out their killing black people, black lives don t matter, that s what those mother f**kers   so we got to make it matter to them. Find a mother f**ker that is alone. Snap his ass, and then f***in hang him from a damn tree. Take a picture of it and then send it to the mother f**kers. We  just need one example,  and  then people will start watchin .  This will turn the tables on s**t, he said. He said this will start  a trickle-down effect.  He said that when one white person is hung and then they are just  flat-hanging,  that will start the  trickle-down effect.  He continued,  Black people are good at starting trends. He said that was how  to get the upper-hand. Another black man spoke up saying they needed to kill  cops that are killing us. The first black male said,  That will be the best method right there. Breitbart Texas previously reported how Sunshine was upset when  racist white people  infiltrated and disrupted one of her conference calls. She subsequently released the phone number of one of the infiltrators. The veteran immediately started receiving threatening calls.One of the #F***YoFlag movement supporters allegedly told a veteran who infiltrated their publicly posted conference call,  We are going to rape and gut your pregnant wife, and your f***ing piece of sh*t unborn creature will be hung from a tree. Breitbart Texas previously encountered Sunshine at a Sandra Bland protest at the Waller County Jail in Texas, where she said all white people should be killed. She told journalists and photographers,  You see this nappy-ass hair on my head?   That means I am one of those more militant Negroes.  She said she was at the protest because  these redneck mother-f**kers murdered Sandra Bland because she had nappy hair like me. #FYF911 black radicals say they will be holding the  imperial powers  that are actually responsible for the terrorist attacks on September 11th accountable on that day, as reported by Breitbart Texas. There are several websites and Twitter handles for the movement. Palmetto Star  describes himself as one of the head organizers. He said in a YouTube video that supporters will be burning their symbols of  the illusion of their superiority,  their  false white supremacy,  like the American flag, the British flag, police uniforms, and Ku Klux Klan hoods.Sierra McGrone or  Nocturnus Libertus  posted,  you too can help a young Afrikan clean their a** with the rag of oppression.  She posted two photos, one that appears to be herself, and a photo of a black man, wiping their naked butts with the American flag.For entire story: Breitbart News",0
21464,FEMALE ROCK LEGEND Calls Today’s Trashy Pop Stars “Sex workers”…Is She Right? [VIDEO],"This rock legend is not very impressed with the pop stars today. We happen to agree with her 100%She provoked fierce debate by saying it was her own fault for being sexually assaulted at 21.And now Chrissie Hynde has waded into another contentious area   the overly sexualised nature of modern pop music.In an obvious reference to scantily-clad stars such as Miley Cyrus and Rihanna, the former Pretenders lead singer branded them  sex workers  for selling music by  bumping and grinding  in their underwear. The 64-year-old also accused them of doing  a great deal of damage  to women with their risque performances. This is what today s female pop entertainers consider  performing  for a live audience:***WARNING**** Graphic video****Not suitable for all ageshttps://youtu.be/M2n2iiruVLoMiss Hynde launched the scathing attack during a tense interview on BBC s Woman s Hour yesterday. She suggested that today s provocatively-dressed stars are sending the wrong message about how people should view sex.Miss Hynde added:  I don t think sexual assault is a gender issue as such, I think it s very much it s all around us now. It s provoked by this pornography culture, it s provoked by pop stars who call themselves feminists. Maybe they re feminists on behalf of prostitutes   but they are no feminists on behalf of music, if they are selling their music by bumping and grinding and wearing their underwear in videos. ***WARNING*** What you are about to see can t be unseen!  That s a kind of feminism   but, you know, you re a sex worker is what you are.Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
21465,RADICAL “OCCUPY” MOM WHO LEFT 4 KIDS AND HUSBAND To Block NYC Traffic Plays Victim Card… Sues For “Police Brutality”,"Occupy Wall Street 2011:The fun is over for a hippie mother who left her husband and four children to travel 1,000 miles and join the Occupy Wall Street protests.Stacey Hessler, 38, swapped the comfort of sunny DeLand, Florida, for the squalor of Zuccotti Park, New York, after following the protests online.But dramatic photos showed how she was hauled away by police from the protests in Manhattan yesterday   her dreadlocks flying everywhere.Hessler, who admitted her mother said she was  very selfish  for leaving, was arrested for blocking a road near the New York Stock Exchange. What did I do? What did I do?  she shouted as she was taken away in plastic handcuffs by three police officers, reported the New York Post.She was charged with resisting arrest and disorderly conduct for blocking vehicles and pedestrians after she refused to move, police said.The unemployed mother, who left behind four children aged seven to 17, is a Long Island native and had said she would be at the camp  forever .Protesters singled out officers as another enemy, saying their crowd control tactics were an excessive, chilling use of force against free speech.At least 300 people were arrested in New York and dozens were arrested elsewhere, including five on charges they assaulted police officers. Via: Daily Mail The mom who left her family in Florida to become part of the raggedy Occupy Wall Street crowd has sued the city over her 2011 arrest   testifying Tuesday that she s an innocent victim of police brutality. Somebody grabbed me by my hair and dragged me . . . behind the police officers,  said Stacey Hessler, 42, in Manhattan federal court.But city attorneys said in their opening statements that Hessler had blocked pedestrian traffic during the November protest, then refused to move when cops politely asked her to make way. She also allegedly tried multiple times to escape when they finally moved to arrest her. Via: NY Post",0
21466,FOX NEWS ANCHOR SHEPARD SMITH GOES ON A HUGE ANTI-CHRISTIAN RANT DURING KIM DAVIS RALLY,"Unprofessional? For those of you who might not know, Shep Smith is gay so this hit home with him:  They set this up as a religious play again,  he said.  This is the same crowd that says,  We don t want Sharia law, don t let them tell us what to do, keep their religion out of our lives and out of our government.  Well, here we go again.  ",0
21467,BREAKING: [Video] BLACK SUPREMACY TERROR GROUP PLANNING SOMETHING BIG FOR 9-11…”Black Lives Matter Movement Wasn’t Enough…It’s Unavoidable…It’s About To Go Down…It’s Open Season On Whites And Crackers”,"The anniversary of 9-11 reminds us of the danger we face when foreign terrorists commit crimes against our citizens. Unfortunately, thanks to Obama s war against America, we have a new enemy who may be just as dangerous, as these domestic terrorists driven by hate, act out their crimes in the same cowardly way as the terrorists of 9-11. Since the FBI refuses to do anything to stop domestic terrorists within the #BlackLivesMatter movement who have publicly called for  open season on crackers and cops,  a national movement called #OPdethrone has just launched in an effort to stop this group, before any more innocent people lose their lives.Over the past several weeks, we have watched in horror as directives from this group have been carried out, as police officers and white people across the nation have been randomly targeted and brutally executed. And now this group is planning another act of terror this coming 9/11. Although the final details of the event are shrouded in mystery, we do know that this group is planning something big on 9/11, and they are directing their followers to bring their guns and convene at Stone Mountain, where they proclaim that  things are about to go down. Although the FBI has been alerted, it appears that nothing has been done to stop this terror organization. In the meantime, this group continues to gain momentum and supporters. In a last-ditch effort to warn his fellow Americans and beacon the FBI to intervene, investigator Hannibal from IllWriteIt.com has compiled a short documentary video highlighting this group s acts of terror. Hopefully this video will help put an end to the group s activities before anymore of their violent calls to action come to fruition.We are asking that everyone watch and share this video, as this is our final attempt to stop this group before they carry out their violent plans on 9/11. It is quite lengthy at over 18 minutes long, but every detail is incredibly important, and vital for telling the full story and making all the connections.Via: Universal Free Press",0
21468,"BREAKING: [AUDIO] CHILLING 911 CALL THREATENS LIVES OF POLICE OFFICERS IN AURORA, CO…Hours Later, Shots Are Taken At Cops"," We re not gonna go away, we re not gonna quit. Cuz if you re willing to kill me, who else are you gonna kill? An Aurora police officer wants this person (or people) threatening cops to know they are only strengthening his resolve to be a police officer because it s people like this creep who they re protecting others from. The Aurora Police Dept. has released audio of an alarming 911 call over the weekend, when an anonymous caller threatened to shoot any officer found alone in the streets. It s a credible threat,  police said  one that they wanted the community to be aware of.According to 9News, the menacing call came in about 5:45 p.m Sunday  via a disconnected Cricket cell phone.  The male caller heard on the audio recording appears to be disguising his voice and possibly using a recording, several local news stations reported.Police announced over the holiday weekend, and following the call, that they will always have two people to a car, to ensure the safety of their officers. The threat involved shooting down officers in both Denver and Aurora, Colorado.FOX31 Denver obtained the audio recording, in which the caller says in part:  It s time that you guys know we are no longer playing around with the police departments. Aurora and Denver, we are about to start striking fear shooting down all cops that we see by their selves. Both Aurora and Denver police say they are not scared away by this, it s only making them stronger.  It s going on nationally. It s going to come here. There s nobody that s immune to it. Nobody in law enforcement,  Denver police Det. Nick Rogers said. Via: LEO AffairsAccording to a warning sent to law enforcement Monday, a caller contacted Aurora 911 dispatch around 5:45 p.m Sunday via a disconnected Cricket cell phone. The male caller sounded as if he was attempting to disguise his voice, or was possibly using a recording, the warning said.The call lasted 37 seconds, and the caller reportedly said  It s time you guys know that we are no longer playing around with the police departments. Aurora and Denver we are about to start striking fear, shooting down all cops that we see by their selves. The caller went on to say,  You guys are evicting innocent people. Let us catch you by yourself and it s shots fired. Approximately four hours later, Aurora police officers  were fired upon while responding to a call,  the warning said. It is unclear if the shooting was an ambush situation. Via: 9 News ",0
21469,"SHOCKING! EVIDENCE SHOWS WHY OBAMA IS HEART OF VIOLENT #BlackLivesMatter COP KILLING, ANTI-WHITE MOVEMENT"," There will be no peace in America until whites begin to hate their whiteness  -Reverend Jeremiah Wright, Barack Hussein Obama s pastor for over 20 yearsWhen the organization known as Black Lives Matter (BLM) was first formed right after George Zimmerman s acquittal in the death of Trayvon Martin on July 13, 2013, most overlooked the true intentions of the group beyond their calls for  justice . Fast forward to today and it can no longer be overlooked that their calls for justice now result in retaliatory violence against those whom they believe are the oppressors, namely those being white people in general and police officers specifically. By tracing the origins of the organization back to its philosophical formation in the 1960 s, we can begin to see how BLM is rooted in the radical ideological beliefs espoused by none other than President Barack Obama.Before we get to that point though, it is crucial for us to understand that BLM was founded by three militant feminists by the name of Alicia Garza, Patrisse Cullors, and Opel Tometi.While each played their part in contributing to the creation of the group, Garza is the driving force as she detailed the philosophy behind BLM in her October 2014 article titled A Herstory of the #BlackLivesMatter Movement. Garza writes the following in regards to BLM s philosophy: Black Lives Matter is a unique contribution that goes beyond extrajudicial killings of Black people by police and vigilantes. It goes beyond the narrow nationalism that can be prevalent within some Black communities, which merely call on Black people to love Black, live Black and buy Black, keeping straight cis Black men in the front of the movement while our sisters, queer and trans and disabled folk take up roles in the background or not at all. Black Lives Matter affirms the lives of Black queer and trans folks, disabled folks, Black-undocumented folks, folks with records, women and all Black lives along the gender spectrum. It centers those that have been marginalized within Black liberation movements. It is a tactic to (re)build the Black liberation movement. The key takeaway from Garza s statement is found in the last two sentences primarily as she notes that BLM was created with the intention to  (re)build the Black liberation movement.  The reason this statement is of utter importance is because it ties directly to the idea of Black Liberation theology, which was the doctrine taught to Obama for over twenty years at his church in Chicago made famous by Obama s pastor, Jeremiah Wright. Black Liberation theology was first formed on July 31, 1966. In an article published by NPR it is noted that: Black liberation theology originated on July 31, 1966, when 51 black pastors bought a full page ad in the New York Times and demanded a more aggressive approach to eradicating racism echo[ing] the demands of the black power movement. What is often overlooked in the formation of the group is the linkage between the Nation of Islam and Black Liberation theology as Wright s mentor and founder of Black Liberation theology James Cone credited Malcolm X with  shaking him out of his theological complacency. Stanley Kurtz of National Review highlighted this synergy in noting that according to Cone,  The black intellectual s goal is to aid in the destruction of America as he knows it.  Such destruction requires both black anger and white guilt. The black-power theologian s goal is to tell the story of American oppression so powerfully and precisely that white men will  tremble, curse, and go mad, because they will be drenched with the filth of their evil , wrote Cone.In an excerpt from Stanley Kurtz s piece drawing on the influence of Malcom X on Black Liberation theology, Kurtz states:So what exactly is  black power ? Echoing Malcolm X, Cone defines it as  complete emancipation of black people from white oppression by whatever means black people deem necessary.  Open, violent rebellion is very much included in  whatever means ; like the radical anti-colonial theorist Frantz Fanon, on whom he sometimes draws, Cone sees violent rebellion as a transformative expression of the humanity of the oppressed Theologically,  Cone affirms,  Malcolm X was not far wrong when he called the white man the devil. The false Christianity of the white-devil oppressor must be replaced. Couple these words to Obama s pastor Jeremiah Wright s statement that  there will be no peace in America until whites begin to hate their whiteness  and you can begin to understand that the rhetoric behind Black Lives Matter that blames  white privilege  for virtually everything is rooted in Black Liberation theology. However Wright was radicalized , notes Bud White of NoQuarterUSA,  it is clear that he consciously appropriated the language and tenor of the Nation of Islam.  White documents the following:Wright s statement that 9/11 was deserved retribution ( We have supported state terrorism against the Palestinians and black South Africans America s chickens are coming home to roost ) is a perfect echo of Malcolm X s statement that  The assassination of Kennedy is a result of that way of life and thinking. The chickens came home to roost.  Although it appears that Wright began his focus on Black Liberation Theology sometime after 1966, his racial attitudes and rhetoric have imitated that of NOI since at least 1970. Wright s blaming the United States for creating AIDS to kill minorities is but just one example of his thinking being in lockstep with NOI.The Nation of Islam and Black Liberation Theology are two doors to the same room.Black Liberation Theology is a  palatable  form of  Christian  black nationalism. The fiery anti-American, race-baiting words of Wright, Cone, and others behind the theology of Black Liberation  are from the same philosophical cauldron as the Nation of Islam , concludes White.From the beliefs that served as Obama s bedrock foundation for his ideology, is it any wonder that today that the radicals behind Black Lives Matter and the Nation of Islam are allowed a free pass to incite as much hatred and retaliation against those they deem are the oppressors? As violence has ramped up in the first half of 2015 in targeted assassinations against police officers, little to no coverage by the media is given to a meeting that was hosted by the White House on December 1st.On December 1, 2014, Barack Obama, Vice President Joe Biden and Attorney General Eric Holder met with seven Black and Latino organizers   from Ferguson, Mo.; Columbus, Ohio; Miami, Florida; and New York City, who had been leading the ongoing actions to disrupt the status quo. In an article posted by the website FergusonAction, it is explained that during this meeting activists such as Ashley Yates were given the platform by the White House in order to reaffirm their belief that  most violence in our (their) community is coming from the police departments, and something needs to be done about it.  On December 20th  something was done about it  as two uniformed NYPD officers were assassinated in their marked car by Ismaaiyl Brinsley in what Brinsley himself boasted as an act of retaliation for the death of Michael Brown in Missouri and Eric Garner in New York at the hands of the police.Ashley Yates, BLM Organizer who created t-shirt praising cop killer, Assata ShakurThe reason Yates is emphasized here is because she, like BlackLivesMatter founder Alicia Garza, praise cop killer and former Black Liberation member Assata Shakur as a martyr for their cause.Alicia Garza, BLM founderYates even created T-shirts and hoodies that read  ASSATA TAUGHT ME  in a reference to Shakur that has become part of BLM s iconography. The fact that the president would even entertain the thought of meeting with those like Yates and other  activists  who hold cop killers as icons for their movement further goes to show how Obama s belief in Black Liberation theology, primarily that retaliation and violence should be used to further their cause, has never left him. Why else would Obama have met with these  activists  unless he was sympathetic to their plight, which given the fact that Obama spent over twenty years of his life listening to Jeremiah Wright s sermons, he very much is. Since this meeting though, what cannot be dismissed is the fact that violence in the form of targeted assassinations of both white people and police officers, have ramped up.And it will only get worse the longer we continue to allow Obama s Department of Justice to remain idly complicit.Via: Politically Short",0
21470,DC CHIEF OF POLICE DENIES CONCEALED WEAPONS PERMITS…NO JAIL…Christian Clerk Refuses To Issue Same Sex Marriage Licenses…Guess Where She Ends Up,"This is a perfect example of how the left is able to decide which laws they follow and which laws the rest of America follows Kim Davis, the Democrat Kentucky county clerk who refused to issue same-sex marriage licenses because of religious objections, was ordered to jail for contempt of court last Thursday. She suggested a compromise of removing her name from the licenses, but Federal District Court Judge David Bunning wouldn t even grant that reasonable compromise.Contrast this with Cathy Lanier, chief of the Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia, refusing to issue concealed weapons permits to people unless they can arbitrarily show a  good reason,  nothing required by law. A federal judge issued a preliminary injunction in May stopping her from denying the permits, although notably he did not send Lanier to jail for contempt.Similarly, county sheriffs in California had been denying concealed weapons permits to applicants who failed to show a need beyond self-defense. Last November, the Ninth Circuit ruled that the sheriffs were violating the law. None of those sheriffs were sent to jail, despite the fact that people around the country have died unable to obtain a permit to carry concealed.Or contrast it with the irony of San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom ordering clerks to issue same-sex marriage licenses in 2004, contrary to state law. The California Attorney General sued him and the California Supreme Court ultimately put an end to the practice, but Newsom was never sent to jail.Newsom also violated federal law by making San Francisco a sanctuary city in 2007, contrary to existing federal law, but nothing happened to him. The city s sanctuary status resulted in the death of Kate Steinle in July, who was shot by an illegal immigrant who had been deported five times and had seven felony convictions. This is a far more drastic result than a clerk who merely does not want her name on marriage licenses, yet nothing is being done to the current mayor of San Francisco, Ed Lee. In 2012, Tonya Parker, a lesbian judge in Texas said she would not issue marriage licenses to heterosexual couples until same-sex marriage was legalized. She wasn t put in jail for violating the law, nor does it appear she was even disciplined at all.Not everyone would have taken the position Davis did, some Christians might have resigned rather than deal with a huge battle. Others might not have had such strong objections, viewing matters of sexuality best left alone and without government interference. When I was an Assistant Attorney General for the State of Arizona, I represented agencies like the Arizona Commission on the Arts. Philosophically, I disagreed with its very existence. But I was able to separate my personal views from government laws to perform my job.The one thing all reasonable people can agree upon is that Davis was singled out and punished disproportionately compared to other public officials who didn t comply with controversial laws.This isn t about same-sex marriage, nor is it even about gay issues. It is merely one tactic in a larger goal to remove Christianity from the public sphere. There are reasonable compromises that could have been made between those Christians with conscientious objections and the LGBT community   plenty of gays consider themselves Christians   but the left is deliberately pushing for maximum conflict between the two groups in order to push one out of society.An Oregon judge announced on Friday that he will not perform same-sex marriages. Unlike the lesbian judge who said she would not perform heterosexual marriages, Judge Vance Day was immediately put under an ethics investigation by the Oregon Commission of Judicial Fitness and Disability, which plans to hold a hearing in November.This won t end with public employment. As the public sphere goes, so goes the private sphere. If companies balk, anti-discrimination laws can be used to force them to comply. The left intends to stamp religion out of society, until Christians are left secretly worshiping in their homes, hiding their status outside of the home. This is because the left fundamentally disagrees with Judeo-Christian ethics, which contradict its foundation of anything goes.Until conservatives wake up and start realizing the judicial branch, controlled by the left, has become the most lethal branch, the biggest threat of the three branches to our country and freedom, it will continue abusing the legal system to stamp out conservatism and religion from society. Via: Townhill",0
21471,"IN A RULING THAT WILL MAKE OBAMA’S HEAD SPIN, Fed Judge Says Telling Illegals “Show Us Your Papers” Is Not Discriminatory","Another victory for one of the most bad ass Sheriff s in America A federal judge has upheld part of Arizona s contentious immigration law, rejecting claims that the so-called  show your papers  section of the law discriminated against Hispanics.The ruling by U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton on Friday was on the last of seven challenges to the 2010 law. The section being upheld allows police in Arizona to check the immigration status of anyone they stop.Bolton ruled that immigration rights activists failed to show that police would enforce the law differently for Hispanics than other people. The section is sometimes called the  show your papers  provision.The judge also upheld a section that let police check to see if a detainee is in the United States illegally. Bolton voided any laws targeting day laborers.Karen Tumlin, the legal director of the National Immigration Law Center, one of the parties to the suit, said the group was evaluating its options. We will continue working on behalf of our courageous plaintiffs to show that Arizona can do better than this disgraceful law,  she said in a statement.Bolton s ruling came two days after a federal judge approved a deal between the U.S. Department of Justice and Arizona s Maricopa County to resolve accusations of civil rights abuses and dismissed the department s lawsuit against Sheriff Joe Arpaio and his deputies. Via: Reuters",0
21472,FOR BERNIE SANDERS FANS: Prisoners Eating Cats To Survive In Socialist Venezuela,"When Other People s Money Runs Out An NGO operating in Venezuela has published videos of starved prisoners in the socialist nation killing, skinning, and cooking cats on aluminum pans in order to survive, as wardens have forbidden families from bringing food and serve only a small cup of rice and water per day.The NGO A Window for Liberty published the videos on their social media pages and have issued a statement condemning the Venezuelan government for human rights abuses against prisoners. The videos were smuggled out by relatives of those in multiple prisons across the country. According to NGO head Carlos Nieto Palma, relatives of inmates from at least four prisons denounced both the lack of food and various forms of physical abuse, including beatings with bats, chains, and heavy wet cloths.The video and photos published by the NGO are from the Centro Penitenciario Metropolitano Yare 3 prison in the northern state of Miranda. Miranda is an opposition stronghold governed by former presidential candidate Henrique Capriles Radonski. Relatives of inmates at a different prison in Lara state have protested that they have been banned from bringing food to the inmates despite the fact that the government has claimed the current economic crisis makes it difficult for the state to pay for sufficient food for the inmates.The video of inmates preparing their protein has been posted to Youtube. ****Warning: Graphic****https://youtu.be/d5vQZmky900The NGO also published photos following the skinning of the cat showing how inmates use a makeshift  stove  made out of aluminum foil and what appears to be a match to cook the meat:Reclusos de todo el pa s pasan hambre por falta de alimentaci n en recintos carcelariosLa organizaci n no Posted by UNA VENTANA A LA LIBERTAD on Sunday, August 30, 2015Some inmates have nicknamed the new diet the  Chinese menu,  due to rice being the only thing officially served in prison. Eighty percent of prisons have banned relatives from bringing inmates food despite the crisis. Those outside of prison also suffer through great food shortages, however, as the nation imposed a ration system in supermarkets that has made it nearly impossible to legally purchase such necessary home goods as milk, vegetable oil, and flour. As a result, a black market on the Venezuelan-Colombian border has flourished, where Venezuelans trade their cheap oil for basic foods easily purchased in Colombia.Such human rights violations raise particular questions in Venezuela, where being publicly opposed to the socialist regime of President Nicol s Maduro could easily land anyone in prison. At its peak, the regime was arresting one anti-socialist protester every half hour in 2014. Prisons in the country are overflowing with prisoners of conscience, not just standard criminals.Via: Breitbart News",0
21473,TED CRUZ: Vilification of Law Enforcement Coming From Top…All The Way To President Of United States,"Ferguson was the a launching pad for Obama s war against law enforcement Following the shooting of a sheriff in Houston, Texas by a black man as well as chants from Black Lives Matter protesters advocating violence against police, GOP presidential candidate Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) issued a statement saying he is proud to stand with law enforcement.While campaigning in New Hampshire, Cruz addressed the attacks. both physical and verbal, which have been made against police officers across America.Cruz is calling for leadership to act against this assault on all law enforcement officers, in light of the killing of Harris Country deputy sheriff Darren Goforth, which took place in Cruz s hometown. We stand with our police officers, we stand with our fire fighters, with our EMS, with our first responders,  Cruz s statement began.  These are brave humans who risk their lives keeping us safe. We are seeing a manifestation of the rhetoric and vilification of law enforcement that is coming form the top   all the way to the President of the United States and senior administration officials. Cruz continued:Cops across this country are feeling the assault. They re feeling the assault from the President, from the top on down as we see, whether it s in Ferguson or Baltimore, the response of senior officials of the President, of the Attorney General, is to vilify law enforcement. That is fundamentally wrong, and it is endangering the safety and security of us all.I m proud to stand with law enforcement, to stand with the police and fire fighters and first responders. They are American heroes. And they need a President who doesn t attack and vilify them and who doesn t seek to tear us apart along racial lines to inflame racial divisions. Instead we need a President who works to bring us together and unify us behind shared American values. Via: Breitbart News",0
21474,HILLARY EXPOSED: WATCH UNCOVERED VIDEO The Hillary Campaign Does NOT Want You To See,Hillary shows her true colors when a female student speaking broken English accidentally refers to Barack Obama as  Mr. Clinton . Her overreaction to this woman s innocent error shows what really happens when you unintentionally displease the Queen of the Democrat party We re doing our part to expose this video she never thought would surface. Here it is: ,0
21475,PC GONE WILD: PROFESSORS THREATEN STUDENTS WITH BAD GRADES FOR SAYING “Illegal Alien”…Expected To Defer To Non-White Students,"The left has waged a full scale war against our values and the greatness of America. Unless we are willing to teach our children and grandchildren to stand up and fight back against liberal academia, we will surely lose all that is unique and great about our country Multiple professors at Washington State University have explicitly told students their grades will suffer if they use terms such as  illegal alien,   male,  and  female,  or if they fail to  defer  to non-white students.According to the syllabus for Selena Lester Breikss   Women & Popular Culture  class, students risk a failing grade if they use any common descriptors that Breikss considers  oppressive and hateful language. The punishment for repeatedly using the banned words, Breikss warns, includes  but [is] not limited to removal from the class without attendance or participation points, failure of the assignment, and  in extreme cases  failure for the semester. Breikss is not the only WSU faculty member implementing such policies.Much like in Selena Breikss s classroom, students taking Professor Rebecca Fowler s   Introduction to Comparative Ethnic Studies  course will see their grades suffer if they use the term  illegal alien  in their assigned writing.According to her syllabus, students will lose one point every time they use the words  illegal alien  or  illegals  rather than the preferred terms of  undocumented  migrants/immigrants/persons.  Throughout the course, Fowler says, students will  come to recognize how white privilege functions in everyday social structures and institutions. In an email to Campus Reform, Fowler complained that  the term  illegal alien  has permeated dominant discourses that circulate in the news to the extent that our society has come to associate ALL unauthorized border crossings with those immigrants originating from countries south of our border (and not with Asian immigrants, for example, many of whom are also in the country without legal documents and make up a considerable portion of undocumented immigrants living in the country). The socio-legal production of migrant illegality works to systematically dehumanize and exploit these brown bodies for their labor,  Fowler continued.White students in Professor John Streamas s   Introduction to Multicultural Literature  class, are expected to  defer  to non-white students, among other community guidelines, if they want  to do well in this class. In the guidelines in his syllabus, Streamas elaborates that he requires students to  reflect  on their grasp of history and social relations  by respecting shy and quiet classmates and by deferring to the experiences of people of color. Streamas who previously generated controversy by calling a student a   white shitbag  and declared that WSU should stand for  White Supremacist University also demands that students  understand and consider the rage of people who are victims of systematic injustice. Later in the syllabus, Streamas goes even further and accuses Glenn Beck of being an  insensitive white. Several other WSU professors require their students to  acknowledge that racism, classism, sexism, heterosexism, and other institutionalized forms of oppression exist  or that   we do not live in a post-racial world. Ari Cohn, a lawyer with the Foundation for Individual Rights in Education, told Campus Reformhe considers such requirements to be contradictory, even given the sensitive nature of the courses. It is notable that one of the syllabus provisions warns:  The subject material of this class is sensitive and controversial. Strive to keep an open mind.  How are students supposed to approach these sensitive and controversial materials at all, let alone to keep an open mind, if they have to fear that a misconstrued statement, or one that unreasonably offends a classmate will lead to a grade reduction or even removal from class? Neither Breikss nor Streamas replied to Campus Reform s request for comment.Via: Campus Reform",0
21476,MUST SEE RESULTS OF NEW POLL Asking Americans One Word They Associate With Hillary,"Somehow we don t think this is what the Queen of the Clinton Crime Syndicate expected at this stage of her campaign The latest Q-poll numbers have dropped and there aren t really a lot of surprises in the top lines. (Well  there are a couple of exceptions but we ll get to those in a minute.) What was really startling, though, was the results of the  open ended  questions about several of the candidates. Most specifically, the massively leading, top of the list responses for Hillary Clinton have to be giving her team nightmares. (Connecticut Post  emphasis added)Clinton leads the Democratic field with 45 percent, down from 55 percent July 30, with U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont at 22 percent and Biden at 18 percent. No other candidate tops 1 percent with 11 percent undecided. This is Sanders  highest tally and closest margin.Clinton tops the Democrats   no way  list with 11 percent. Liar  is the first word that comes to mind more than others in an open-ended question when voters think of Clinton.  Arrogant  is the word for Trump and voters say  Bush  when they think of Bush. Here s the high end of the list.Holy cow. You get 394 responses just by combining the top three results of  Liar, Dishonest and Untrustworthy.  You pretty much have to add up all of the other words on the list to catch up with those three. And this isn t just a list of responses by Republicans  that s everyone. What s truly amazing is that this is clearly the prevailing American perception at this point and yet, Clinton is still the Democrat frontrunner. I m not sure if that says more about her or the party. Via: HotAir ",0
21477,BREAKING: WDBJ KILLER WAS ANGRY BLACK DEMOCRAT…Reprimanded For Wearing Obama Sticker At Work,"An angry black, gay, racist, Democrat victim the poster child for today s progressive in America Gay Black reporter Vester Flanagan was an Angry Barack Obama Democrat. ** He was reprimanded for wearing a Barack Obama sticker at work. ** He had his racial suits tossed from court ** He was a  high paid companion  ** He attempted to subpoena personnel records on both of his victimsThen he shot them dead Killer Vester Flanagan was a big Obama supporter.The Huffington Post reported:Vester Lee Flanagan, the man suspected of killing two Virginia television reporters Wednesday morning, attempted to subpoena personnel records on both of those victims, as well as other staff members, as part of a lawsuit against the TV station.Flanagan s lawsuit, filed in the Roanoke City General District Court in March 2014, requested $25,000 from WDBJ, the station, which had terminated his employment the previous year. The suit cited wrongful termination, unpaid overtime wages, racial discrimination and sexual harassment for identifying as gay. The case was dismissed due to lack of evidence, although it s unclear whether a settlement was reached.According to an internal memo included in the court documents, after Flanagan was presented with a severance letter in February 2013, he said,  You better call police because I m going to make a big stink.  A newsroom employee called 911, and police officers arrived to physically escort Flanagan from the building.Memos indicate that Ward videotaped Flanagan as he was escorted out. Flanagan told Ward to  lose your big gut,  and flipped off the camera.WDBJ objected to Flanagan s request for employee documents, claiming the personnel records were proprietary information and irrelevant to his claims.The court filings also include Flanagan s application for employment at WDBJ and his resume, in which he reported graduating from San Francisco State University with a 3.7 grade point average and his affiliation with the National Association of Black Journalists.Flanagan was offered a position with WDBJ on March 6, 2012, as a multimedia journalist/general assignment reporter with an annual salary of $36,000. However, he quickly racked up a misconduct record during his year of employment.In a performance review in August 2012, Flanagan was given a  1,  the lowest rating, for being  respectful to coworkers at all times,  but a  4  for work diligence and attendance. He was written up in November 2012 for wearing a Barack Obama sticker.By the end of that year, his supervisor was expressing dissatisfaction with the quality of Flanagan s work, as well as his attitude towards his co-workers. Dan Dennison, the station s news director at the time, cited a story in which Flanagan reported on a local church s response to the mass shooting at Newtown, Connecticut. Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21478,"RACE OBSESSED VESTER FLANAGAN, AKA BRYCE WILLIAMS SUED FORMER EMPLOYER FOR RACISM: Former Employer Said He Was “A Crappy Employee Who Used Profanity In Workplace”","Bryce Williams   aka Vester Flanagan   sued his former bosses at a TV station in Florida back in 2000   claiming his bosses verbally abused him because of his race, and even called him a  monkey. After killing 2 members of a TV news crew this morning, Flanagan accused one of the victims of racism.Now, we ve learned it wasn t the first time he hurled such accusations   because in his lawsuit, filed against WTWC-TV in Florida, Vester claimed he was constantly targeted because of his race.Here are his allegations:  Claims producer called him a  monkey    Claims an  official  joked about a black murder suspect with gold and green grillz, saying he had  collared greens  stuck in his teeth   Claims he heard a manager tell another black employee to  stop talking ebonics. Vester claims he filed a complaint with the powers that be   and was fired because he blew the whistle.WTWC adamantly DENIED race had anything to do with his termination   claiming he was a crappy employee who often used profanity in the workplace.Ultimately, the case was settled out of court in 2001. Via: TMZ ",0
21479,DIRECTOR OF SOME OF MOST VIOLENT FILMS IN HOLLYWOOD JOINS CAMPAIGN FOR DESTRUCTION OF GUNS,"No hypocrisy here Director Martin Scorsese well known for violent films like Goodfellas, The Departed, and Casino has joined a campaign for the destruction of guns.Scorsese will take part in Carl McCrow s  Gun Neutral Campaign,  which asks that a real gun be destroyed for every fake gun that is used in a Hollywood production.In December 2014 Breitbart News reported that McCrow was a part of a London-based gun control group called One Less Gun. At that time they were asking for donations to cover the destruction of a firearm and the donor was told he or she would receive a thank you note in the form of a bullet casing with the serial number of the weapon destroyed etched upon it.One Less Gun said:Like it or not, guns are a part of popular culture. They are integral to many of our favorite games and films [and] are in all likelihood to remain so for many generations to comes. One Less Gun is simply dedicated to reducing their number and promoting a social responsibility to this fact. One Less Gun offers everybody the opportunity to contribute to the solution of this largely ignored problem. By texting onelessgun to 70007 on your mobile phone you can destroy a gun for  5. Our target is to destroy one million weapons. That will save lives, stabilize communities and make a safer world.That campaign has now been complimented by the Gun Neutral Campaign and Scorsese is on board. For every fake gun used in one of his violent films a real gun that a law-abiding citizen could use for self-defense will be destroyed. According to The Guardian, McCrow responded to Scorsese s pledge by saying,  I m really pleased. If we can set this as a standard, then who knows how many lives could be saved. The simple fact is that there are too many guns and they ruin people s lives every day. By joining the gun control push after making untold millions of dollars creating films riddled with violence, murder, depictions of criminal gun use, and mayhem, Scorsese comes across much like gun-toting action star Liam Neeson. It was Neeson who emerged after the January 7 terror attacks on Charlie Hebdo headquarters in France to say,  There are too many [bleeping] guns out there, especially in America.  Via: Breitbart News",0
21480,SPIRIT HALLOWEEN CAVES TO TRANS MAFIA: Takes “Offensive” Caitlyn Jenner Costume Off Website,"Is Spirit Halloween really foolish enough to believe no one else will sell this costume? Thanks to conservative news sources posting about this story, it will likely be the hottest halloween costume this year. We sure hope bowing down to the PC Police is worth the huge revenue you re going lose you big dummies!Spirit Halloween has taken its Caitlyn Jenner costume off its website, after the Internet exploded in outrage.Right. Making fun of celebrities is just mean.Based on Jenner s Vanity Fair cover shot from earlier this year, the  Call Me Caitlyn  Halloween costume sold for $74.99 and included a wig, shorts, padded bustier, and a sash emblazoned with  Call Me Caitlyn.  The costume was labeled as  unisex  with a photo showing a big, hairy guy wearing it.Spirit Halloween hasn t publicly commented on why the costume disappeared, according to USA Today, which added it s still available at AnytimeCostumes.com and at WholesaleHalloweenCostumes.com, for only $49.95.Spirit s marketing director Lisa Barr earlier said the get-up was a  celebration  of Jenner.Of course it was. Which is why the guy modeling it looked like someone s sloppy Uncle Lenny. There s no tasteful way to  celebrate  Caitlyn Jenner or respect transgender people this way on the one night of the year when people use their most twisted imaginations to pretend to be villains and monsters,  Vincent Villano, the spokesman for the National Center for Transgender Equality in Washington, told USA Today.Here s an easy homemade costume idea for anyone who doesn t want to spend the money for a manufactured Bruce Jenner costume:As one might imagine, GLAAD wasn t very pleased either. When transgender women step out into the world as their authentic selves, they aren t wearing a costume,  said organization spokesman Nick Adams.  Companies should think twice before seeking to profit from mocking trans women. Via: Mercury News",0
21481,DIRECTOR OF COMMUNITY RELATIONS AT UNIV of WI: “Stealing From Wal-Mart Shouldn’t Be A Crime” [VIDEO],"As the anarchists and local thugs sit and nod their heads in agreement Everett D. Mitchell is the Director of Community Relations at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. He is also an attorney, pastor, and community leader.At a recent panel discussing  Best Policing Practices,  Mitchell said that police should stop prosecuting individuals who shoplift from Wal-Mart and Target.His reasoning? He simply does not believe that police have any justification to engage in policing practices with thieves who steal from Wal-Mart or Target because they are big box stores with insurance: I just don t think they should be prosecuting cases for people who steal from Wal-Mart. I don t think that. I don t think that Target, and all them other places   the big boxes that have insurance   they should be using the people that steal from there as justification to start engaging in aggressive police behavior. He begins his speech by advocating legal relativism   the notion that communities should decide for themselves which laws be enforced and which laws are not in order to better recognize what safety means for the specific community.Where is the line drawn with these anti-police activists?Just a few weeks prior to his speech, fellow Wisconsin professors, Karma Ch vez and Sara L. McKinnon wrote a letter to the Capital Times (progressive Wisconsin news outlet) titled: Sara L. McKinnon and Karma Ch vez: Request for no police interaction is reasonable  In it, they argue that police are an occupying force and have no valid reason to patrol certain neighborhoods.Via: MRCTV",0
21482,CALIFORNIA PIZZA SHOP GETS REAL LIFE LESSON IN ECONOMICS AFTER SELLING “LIVING WAGE PIZZA”,"The bad news for these bleeding heart liberals is there are even more reasonably priced pizza shop options who understand economics and reality Image via Lanesplitter Pizza and Subs Facebook pageLiberals love the idea of the minimum wage and a  living wage at least until it hits their bottom line.Lanesplitter Pizza & Pub in Emeryville, California is learning that economics lesson the hard way.Cities up and down California have been considering hiking up their minimum wage so Vic Gumper, the owner of Lanesplitter, decided to get ahead of the curve and do it on his own.Rather than just raise the minimum wage for his employees, he decided to do it in the form of creating a  living wage pizza. This business model means that all workers now earn $15 to $25 an hour as part of an experimental business model that also did away with gratuities and raised prices, making meals at all five locations  sustainably served, really   no tips necessary,  the Los Angeles Times reported. This movement, it s going on everywhere,  Gumper told the paper.  We just decided to manage the situation and get to a place where we can sustain it. Image via Lanesplitter Pizza and Subs Facebook pageBut while patrons have applauded the move verbally, they haven t put their money where their mouth is.The  living wage pizza  costs more than $30 and people haven t been too keen on paying for it.Gumper has seen a 25% drop in sales since April and has had to eliminate lunch hours at a few of his locations, according to the L.A. Times. The necessity of paying people a living wage in the Bay Area is clear, so it s hard to argue against it, and it s something I m really proud to be able to try doing,  he said.  At the same time, I m terrified of going out of business after 18 years. Via: Red Alert Politics ",0
21483,SAY WHAT? #BlackLivesMatter TEXTBOOKS TO BE USED AS PART OF COMMON CORE CURRICULUM IN GRADES 6-12 [Video],"When will American citizens stop being afraid to stand up and SPEAK OUT against the  politically correct  thugs of the left?A new  Black Lives Matter  textbook will soon be available to middle school and high school classrooms.According to the publisher s description,  Black Lives Matter  covers the shootings that touched off passionate protests, the work of activists to bring about a more just legal system, and the tensions in U.S. society that these events have brought to light. ABDO Publishing specifies that the book was written for sixth graders through high school students, and says the textbook is  aligned to Common Core Standards and correlated to state standards. Until now, no authoritative text designed to teach non-black children about historical-structural inequalities productive of anti-black violence in U.S. law and society has been made available for commercial consumption,  reads a review in The Feminist Wire. Parents as well as teachers eager to teach middle and/or high school students about the routine vulnerability and terror generative of the rejoined,  Black Lives Matter,  will find an invaluable resource in this special report. Conservative radio commentator Larry Elder weighed in on Fox and Friends over the weekend. [The textbook] is indoctrinating young kids, teaching them black people are victims,  Elder said.He argued that the movement would be better off addressing black-on-black crime. If the  Black Lives Matter  people are really concerned, they ought to say something about the fact that last year 6,000 blacks shot other blacks, and far and away the number one cause of preventable death for young black men is homicide,  he added. The textbook was co-authored by Missouri journalist Sue Bradford Edwards and Duchess Harris, a professor of American Studies at Macalester College in Minnesota. Harris is also the author of  Black Feminist Politics from Kennedy to Obama  and a co-editor of  Racially Writing the Republic: Racists, Race Rebels, and Transformations of American Identity. Black Lives Matter  is part of ABDO Publishing s  Special Report  series of books that aim  to help readers develop an essential understanding of current events and encourage them to form their own opinions. There are a total of eight titles in the  Special Report  series, including  Ebola Outbreak,   ISIS,  and  Transgender Rights and Issues.  Via: Red Alert Politics ",0
21484,BOOM! DONALD TRUMP HAMMERS BERNIE SANDERS WITH THIS ONE QUESTION,"Bernie Sanders can t effectively handle two loud mouthed female #BlackLiesMatter activists/thugs (see video below), but he wants America to believe he s ready to defend our nation against some of the most horrific enemies we ve ever faced?How is Bernie Sanders going to defend our country if he can t even defend his own microphone? Very sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 22, 2015",0
21485,BRILLIANT: [VIDEO] SHERIFF CLARKE EXPLAINS HOW #BlackLIESMatter IS BASTARD CHILD OF #HandsUpDontShoot LIE,"Nothing like a good dose of Sheriff Clarke to expose the lies of the left  After showing a clip of the confrontation between Hillary Clinton and some  Black Lives Matter  representatives in which things became tense and Clinton was clearly uncomfortable, Sheriff David Clarke is asked to weigh in on what is happening.He leads off by saying,  Hillary meet Frankenstein, they created this monster and now they realize that if you cannot continue to feed it the beast the beast will turn on you and eat you and that s what s going on here. He said that he refers to the group as Black Lies Matter because they are perpetuating lies built upon a foundation of lies, the  bastard child  of the original lie of the  Hands Up Don t Shoot  narrative built upon the justified self-defense shooting of hood rat Michael Brown.Sheriff Clarke describes the group as  a conglomeration of misfits,  noting their ranks include retreads and operatives from the occupy movement, organized labor, criminals, black racialists, cop haters and anarchists. He fails to include their funding source, billionaire America-hater George Soros. Any Marxist associated or otherwise subversive movement in this nation invariably has the stain of Soros visible just below the surface.Sheriff Clarke says,  No longer in the United States, and I think that I m living proof of that, no longer can blacks as a whole claim victim status except for one situation. They are victims to the Democrat Party in the United States of America and what modern liberalism has done to the black family. The speak to the absurdity of Democrat candidate for president Martin O Malley caving to  Black Lives Matter  pressure to walk back a statement that all lives matter.Clarke says  It s an example of the monster that they ve created that they cannot feed anymore. They re not in control of this movement. This was created to mobilize the black vote for the 2016 election. The problem is we ve got a long way to go and there s only so long that you can keep that sort of negative movement going before you lose control of it. I though O Malley, his reaction after that was pathetic. They point to how well the cowering to the black thugs has demonstrated the lack of character on the part of both O Malley and Barry  Surrender the mic  Sanders and their unfitness for the world leadership stage.They also note the hypocrisy of the faux-movement in that only the black lives which they can use to foment unrest matter. The black on black violence is never mentioned and it doesn t matter because it carries with it no political capital. Via: Rick Wells",0
21486,WHY COLLEGE GRADS CAN’T GET JOBS: List Of Most Ridiculous Courses At Some Of America’s Most Elite (Expensive) Colleges,"This is why American kids who are graduating from schools where tuition is over $60,000 per year can t find a job America s elite colleges offer plenty of ridiculous courses. Many are taught by hilariously leftist professors straight out of central casting. Other classes transcend politics and exist on their own fabulous plane of stupidity. Many of them cost a ton of money.For The Daily Caller s list of pathetic college classes for 2015, the course descriptions are reprinted here exactly as they appear in the colleges  course manuals.Cornell University, Physical Education: Tree Climbing.  Whether you are a rain forest canopy researcher, an arborist, or just a kid at heart, everyone loves to climb trees. Recall the excitement and your sense of adventure when you first crawled into the branches to look inside a bird s nest. Then you swung from limb to limb without a thought of ropes and harnesses. But what about that big tree down the street you always wanted to climb, but couldn t reach the first branch? Cornell Outdoor Education s Tree Climbing course will teach you how to get up into the canopy of any tree, to move around, even to climb from one tree to another without touching the ground. This course will teach you how to use ropes and technical climbing gear to reach the top of any tree, to move around, and even to climb from tree to tree without returning to the ground. All equipment is included in the course fee.  Total cost for a year at Cornell: $64,164.Brown University, English: On Being Bored.  This course explores texts/films that represent and formally express states of non-productivity or non-desire. Beginning with the Enlightenment and romantic periods, we will reflect on narratives with neither progress nor plot, characters that resist characterization, and poems that deny assertion and revelation. Authors include: Kleist, Kant, Rousseau, Coleridge, de Quincey, Keats, Blanchot, Levinas, Beckett, Ashbery, Schuyler.  Total cost for a year at Brown: $65,380.University of Pennsylvania, English: Wasting Time On The Internet.  We spend our lives in front of screens, mostly wasting time: checking social media, watching cat videos, chatting, and shopping. What if these activities   clicking, SMSing, status-updating, and random surfing   were used as raw material for creating compelling and emotional works of literature? Could we reconstruct our autobiography using only Facebook? Could we write a great novella by plundering our Twitter feed? Could we reframe the internet as the greatest poem ever written? Using our laptops and a wifi connection as our only materials, this class will focus on the alchemical recuperation of aimless surfing into substantial works of literature. Students will be required to stare at the screen for three hours, only interacting through chat rooms, bots, social media and listservs. To bolster our practice, we ll explore the long history of the recuperation of boredom and time-wasting through critical texts about affect theory, ASMR, situationism and everyday life by thinkers such as Guy Debord, Mary Kelly Erving Goffman, Betty Friedan, Raymond Williams, John Cage, Georges Perec, Michel de Certeau, Henri Lefevbre, Trin Minh-ha, Stuart Hall, Sianne Ngai, Siegfried Kracauer and others. Distraction, multi-tasking, and aimless drifting is mandatory.  Total cost for a year at Penn: $66,800.Oberlin College, Contemporary American Studies: How to Win a Beauty Pageant: Race, Gender, Culture, and U.S. National Identity.  This course examines US beauty pageants from the 1920s to the present. Our aim will be to analyze pageantry as a unique site for the interplay of race,gender, class, sexuality, and nation. We will learn about cultural studies methodology, including close reading, cultural history, critical discourse analysis, and ethnography, and use those methods to understand the changing identity of the US over time. This course includes a field visit to a pageant in Ohio.  Total cost for a year at Oberlin: $66,174.Occidental College, Critical Theory & Social Justice: Stupidity.  Stupidity is neither ignorance nor organicity, but rather, a corollary of knowing and an element of normalcy, the double of intelligence rather than its opposite. It is an artifact of our nature as finite beings and one of the most powerful determinants of human destiny. Stupidity is always the name of the Other, and it is the sign of the feminine. This course in Critical Psychology follows the work of Friedrich Nietzsche, Gilles Deleuze, and most recently, Avital Ronell, in a philosophical examination of those operations and technologies that we conduct in order to render ourselves uncomprehending. Stupidity, which has been evicted from the philosophical premises and dumbed down by psychometric psychology, has returned in the postmodern discourse against Nation, Self, and Truth and makes itself felt in political life ranging from the presidency to Beavis and Butthead.  Total cost for a year at Occidental: $63,194.Pitzer College, Asian American Studies: Tattoos, Piercing, and Body Adornment.  This course Introduces students to various body modification practices, with particular focus on regional developments in Asia, Pacific, and America. Key issues include: identity and community formation, agency, power, and social control; colonialism and post-colonialism; cultural property and appropriation; global circulations of bodies, aesthetics, and labor.  Total cost for a year at Pitzer: $63,880.Rutgers University New Brunswick, Women s and Gender Studies: Women, Culture, and Society: Pop Culture Politics.  In this class we will analyze mainstream U.S. media and discuss everything Pop Culture from memes to advertising, music videos, TV shows, news, sports and reality TV: What are we being told to believe? We will talk about ideas as trivialized (and political) as sex, love, war and freedom; and we will explore how the field of gender studies can transform our understandings of knowledge, power, history and -ultimately- what we ve come to call society. Yup! You guessed it. This will not be your everyday class. There will be no papers and no final, so active participation is key. We will read a little and watch lots of media  for example, check out Beyonc s awesome video Grown Woman, AXE s 2014 Super Bowl Commercial, and Shit Girls Say to inquire what it means to stop for a minute, look around, and ask  why.  Total cost for a year at Rutgers for New Jersey residents: $29,875.Georgia State University, English: Kanye Versus Everbody! [sic]  Kanye West has been talking your head off. Over the past several years especially, the variously prolific rapper has been waxing poetic, making a series of public proclamations and postulations regarding aspects of his own aesthetic genius and the plight of the black creative mind today all while tussling with paparazzi (literally and figuratively) in an effort to be accurately understood. The designer and defender of his own celebrity, Kanye expresses an intellectual stance and an extreme sense of agency that arguably exemplify the critical perspective of our latest generation of public thinkers. But where does this conversation about cultural production and artistic temperament actually begin? And where is the discourse heading?  Total cost for a year at Georgia State for Georgia residents: $24,448.University of Iowa, American Studies: The American Vacation.  Vacations are more serious events than you might think. One hundred years ago a vacation might have been beyond your grasp   now we take them for granted. Explore Coney Island, Atlantic City, Lake Okoboji, Yellowstone, Disney World and more.  Total cost for a year at Georgia State for Iowa residents: $21,010.Skidmore College, Sociology: The Sociology of Miley Cyrus: Race, Class, Gender, and Media (Summer 2014).  From Disney tween to twerking machine, Miley Cyrus has grown up in the public eye, trying on and discarding very different identities onscreen and off. She provides rich examples for analyzing aspects of intersectional identities and media representation, including: The rise of the Disney Princess; gender stratification and the hyper-commodification of childhood; transitions to Disney stars as they age (see Justin Timberlake, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera, and more); Allies and appropriation; uses of culture across race, class, and gender; bisexuality, queerness and the female body. Ongoing media frenzy focused on Miley Cyrus s public image, music and body highlights the ways in which intersectional identities are shaped by pop culture and mass media. In this special topics course, we will explore core issues of intersectionality theory, looking at race, class, and gender, as well as issues of taking feminist critique of media, using Miley as a lens though which to explore sociological thinking about identity entertainment, media, and fame.  Total cost for a year at Skidmore: $62,042.And of course, no college experience would be complete without exploring the benefits of having an abortion:University of California, San Francisco, Online course: Abortion: Quality Care and Public Health Implications.  In this six-week course, over twenty faculty from various institutions and multiple disciplines will place abortion within the context of public health and fill in the gaps left by its exclusion from mainstream curricula in health professions. Each week s lectures will incorporate the stories of women who seek abortion in order to better portray abortion significance and rationale. Other topics will include a brief history of abortion, the clinical aspects of medication and procedural abortions in and after the first trimester, an overview of patient-centered abortion-care, the basics of abortion counseling, the professional obligations of health care practitioners to ensure that women have access to safe abortion care, and the maze of restrictions that make safe abortion care inaccessible to many women. In addition to video lectures, there will be weekly quizzes, peer assessments, and optional additional content and reading for learners who want to explore the topic further.  This course is an online course from Coursera.For entire list: Daily Caller ",0
21487,FLASHBACK: UNCOVERED VIDEO SHOWS HYPOCRITE HARRY REID TELLING CONGRESS “No Sane Country Would Have Birthright Citizenship”,"In 1993 Harry Reid wrote the Immigration Stabilization Act of 1993, a bill that would have denied birthright citizenship to children born in the United States to illegal alien parents. Today the leftist lackey is onboard with the Democrats amnesty for votes plan. The hell with America the Democrats goal is socialism, and the only way to make that happen is to eliminate the voice of any sane member of the GOP who would oppose more government control ",0
21488,HOW LEFT- LEANING GOOGLE’S SECRET DECISIONS COULD CHOOSE OUR NEXT PRESIDENT,"America s next president could be eased into office not just by TV ads or speeches, but by Google s secret decisions, and no one except for me and perhaps a few other obscure researchers would know how this was accomplished.Research I have been directing in recent years suggests that Google, Inc., has amassed far more power to control elections indeed, to control a wide variety of opinions and beliefs than any company in history has ever had. Google s search algorithm can easily shift the voting preferences of undecided voters by 20 percent or more up to 80 percent in some demographic groups with virtually no one knowing they are being manipulated, according to experiments I conducted recently with Ronald E. Robertson.Given that many elections are won by small margins, this gives Google the power, right now, to flip upwards of 25 percent of the national elections worldwide. In the United States, half of our presidential elections have been won by margins under 7.6 percent, and the 2012 election was won by a margin of only 3.9 percent well within Google s control.There are at least three very real scenarios whereby Google perhaps even without its leaders  knowledge could shape or even decide the election next year. Whether or not Google executives see it this way, the employees who constantly adjust the search giant s algorithms are manipulating people every minute of every day. The adjustments they make increasingly influence our thinking including, it turns out, our voting preferences.What we call in our research the Search Engine Manipulation Effect (SEME) turns out to be one of the largest behavioral effects ever discovered. Our comprehensive new study, just published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences (PNAS), includes the results of five experiments we conducted with more than 4,500 participants in two countries. Because SEME is virtually invisible as a form of social influence, because the effect is so large and because there are currently no specific regulations anywhere in the world that would prevent Google from using and abusing this technique, we believe SEME is a serious threat to the democratic system of government.According to Google Trends, at this writing Donald Trump is currently trouncing all other candidates in search activity in 47 of 50 states. Could this activity push him higher in search rankings, and could higher rankings in turn bring him more support? Most definitely depending, that is, on how Google employees choose to adjust numeric weightings in the search algorithm. Google acknowledges adjusting the algorithm 600 times a year, but the process is secret, so what effect Mr. Trump s success will have on how he shows up in Google searches is presumably out of his hands.***Our new research leaves little doubt about whether Google has the ability to control voters. In laboratory and online experiments conducted in the United States, we were able to boost the proportion of people who favored any candidate by between 37 and 63 percent after just one search session. The impact of viewing biased rankings repeatedly over a period of weeks or months would undoubtedly be larger.In our basic experiment, participants were randomly assigned to one of three groups in which search rankings favored either Candidate A, Candidate B or neither candidate. Participants were given brief descriptions of each candidate and then asked how much they liked and trusted each candidate and whom they would vote for. Then they were allowed up to 15 minutes to conduct online research on the candidates using a Google-like search engine we created called Kadoodle.Each group had access to the same 30 search results all real search results linking to real web pages from a past election. Only the ordering of the results differed in the three groups. People could click freely on any result or shift between any of five different results pages, just as one can on Google s search engine.When our participants were done searching, we asked them those questions again, and, voil : On all measures, opinions shifted in the direction of the candidate who was favored in the rankings. Trust, liking and voting preferences all shifted predictably.More alarmingly, we also demonstrated this shift with real voters during an actual electoral campaign in an experiment conducted with more than 2,000 eligible, undecided voters throughout India during the 2014 Lok Sabha election there the largest democratic election in history, with more than 800 million eligible voters and 480 million votes ultimately cast. Even here, with real voters who were highly familiar with the candidates and who were being bombarded with campaign rhetoric every day, we showed that search rankings could boost the proportion of people favoring any candidate by more than 20 percent more than 60 percent in some demographic groups.Given how powerful this effect is, it s possible that Google decided the winner of the Indian election. Google s own daily data on election-related search activity (subsequently removed from the Internet, but not before my colleagues and I downloaded the pages) showed that Narendra Modi, the ultimate winner, outscored his rivals in search activity by more than 25 percent for sixty-one consecutive days before the final votes were cast. That high volume of search activity could easily have been generated by higher search rankings for Modi.Google s official comment on SEME research is always the same:  Providing relevant answers has been the cornerstone of Google s approach to search from the very beginning. It would undermine the people s trust in our results and company if we were to change course. Could any comment be more meaningless? How does providing  relevant answers  to election-related questions rule out the possibility of favoring one candidate over another in search rankings? Google s statement seems far short of a blanket denial that it ever puts its finger on the scales.There are three credible scenarios under which Google could easily be flipping elections worldwide as you read this:First, there is the Western Union ScenarioGoogle s executives decide which candidate is best for us and for the company, of course and they fiddle with search rankings accordingly. There is precedent in the United States for this kind of backroom king-making. Rutherford B. Hayes, the 19th president of the United States, was put into office in part because of strong support by Western Union. In the late 1800s, Western Union had a monopoly on communications in America, and just before the election of 1876, the company did its best to assure that only positive news stories about Hayes appeared in newspapers nationwide. It also shared all the telegrams sent by his opponent s campaign staff with Hayes s staff. Perhaps the most effective way to wield political influence in today s high-tech world is to donate money to a candidate and then to use technology to make sure he or she wins. The technology guarantees the win, and the donation guarantees allegiance, which Google has certainly tapped in recent years with the Obama administration.Given Google s strong ties to Democrats, there is reason to suspect that if Google or its employees intervene to favor their candidates, it will be to adjust the search algorithm to favor Hillary Clinton. In 2012, Google and its top executives donated more than $800,000 to Obama but only $37,000 to Romney. At least six top tech officials in the Obama administration, including Megan Smith, the country s chief technology officer, are former Google employees. According to a recent report by the Wall Street Journal, since Obama took office, Google representatives have visited the White House ten times as frequently as representatives from comparable companies once a week, on average.Hillary Clinton clearly has Google s support and is well aware of Google s value in elections. In April of this year, she hired a top Google executive, Stephanie Hannon, to serve as her chief technology officer. I don t have any reason to suspect Hannon would use her old connections to aid her candidate, but the fact that she or any other individual with sufficient clout at Google has the power to decide elections threatens to undermine the legitimacy of our electoral system, particularly in close elections.This is, in any case, the most implausible scenario. What company would risk the public outrage and corporate punishment that would follow from being caught manipulating an election? Second, there is the Marius Milner ScenarioA rogue employee at Google who has sufficient password authority or hacking skills makes a few tweaks in the rankings (perhaps after receiving a text message from some old friend who now works on a campaign), and the deed is done. In 2010, when Google got caught sweeping up personal information from unprotected Wi-Fi networks in more than 30 countries using its Street View vehicles, the entire operation was blamed on one Google employee: software engineer Marius Milner. So they fired him, right? Nope. He s still there, and on LinkedIn he currently identifies his profession as  hacker.  If, somehow, you have gotten the impression that at least a few of Google s 37,000 employees are every bit as smart as Milner and possess a certain mischievousness well, you are probably right, which is why the rogue employee scenario isn t as far-fetched as it might seem. And third and this is the scariest possibility there is the Algorithm ScenarioUnder this scenario, all of Google s employees are innocent little lambs, but the software is evil. Google s search algorithm is pushing one candidate to the top of rankings because of what the company coyly dismisses as  organic  search activity by users; it s harmless, you see, because it s all natural. Under this scenario, a computer program is picking our elected officials.To put this another way, our research suggests that no matter how innocent or disinterested Google s employees may be, Google s search algorithm, propelled by user activity, has been determining the outcomes of close elections worldwide for years, with increasing impact every year because of increasing Internet penetration. SEME is powerful precisely because Google is so good at what it does; its search results are generally superb. Having learned that fact over time, we have come to trust those results to a high degree. We have also learned that higher rankings mean better material, which is why 50 percent of our clicks go to the first two items, with more than 90 percent of all clicks going to that precious first search page. Unfortunately, when it comes to elections, that extreme trust we have developed makes us vulnerable to manipulation.In the final days of a campaign, fortunes are spent on media blitzes directed at a handful of counties where swing voters will determine the winners in the all-important swing states. What a waste of resources! The right person at Google could influence those key voters more than any stump speech could; there is no cheaper, more efficient or subtler way to turn swing voters than SEME. SEME also has one eerie advantage over billboards: when people are unaware of a source of influence, they believe they weren t being influenced at all; they believe they made up their own minds.Republicans, take note: A manipulation on Hillary Clinton s behalf would be particularly easy for Google to carry out, because of all the demographic groups we have looked at so far, no group has been more vulnerable to SEME in other words, so blindly trusting of search rankings than moderate Republicans. In a national experiment we conducted in the United States, we were able to shift a whopping 80 percent of moderate Republicans in any direction we chose just by varying search rankings.There are many ways to influence voters more ways than ever these days, thanks to cable television, mobile devices and the Internet. Why be so afraid of Google s search engine? If rankings are so influential, won t all the candidates be using the latest SEO techniques to make sure they rank high?SEO is competitive, as are billboards and TV commercials. No problem there. The problem is that for all practical purposes, there is just one search engine. More than 75 percent of online search in the United States is conducted on Google, and in most other countries that proportion is 90 percent. That means that if Google s CEO, a rogue employee or even just the search algorithm itself favors one candidate, there is no way to counteract that influence. It would be as if Fox News were the only television channel in the country. As Internet penetration grows and more people get their information about candidates online, SEME will become an increasingly powerful form of influence, which means that the programmers and executives who control search engines will also become more powerful.Worse still, our research shows that even when people do notice they are seeing biased search rankings, their voting preferences still shift in the desired directions even more than the preferences of people who are oblivious to the bias. In our national study in the United States, 36 percent of people who were unaware of the rankings bias shifted toward the candidate we chose for them, but 45 percent of those who were aware of the bias also shifted. It s as if the bias was serving as a form of social proof; the search engine clearly prefers one candidate, so that candidate must be the best. (Search results are supposed to be biased, after all; they re supposed to show us what s best, second best, and so on.)Biased rankings are hard for individuals to detect, but what about regulators or election watchdogs? Unfortunately, SEME is easy to hide. The best way to wield this type of influence is to do what Google is becoming better at doing every day: send out customized search results. If search results favoring one candidate were sent only to vulnerable individuals, regulators and watchdogs would be especially hard pressed to find them.For the record, by the way, our experiments meet the gold standards of research in the behavioral sciences: They are randomized (which means people are randomly assigned to different groups), controlled (which means they include groups in which interventions are either present or absent), counterbalanced (which means critical details, such as names, are presented to half the participants in one order and to half in the opposite order) and double-blind (which means that neither the subjects nor anyone who interacts with them has any idea what the hypotheses are or what groups people are assigned to). Our subject pools are diverse, matched as closely as possible to characteristics of a country s electorate. Finally, our recent report in PNAS included four replications; in other words, we showed repeatedly under different conditions and with different groups that SEME is real.Our newest research on SEME, conducted with nearly 4,000 people just before the national elections in the UK this past spring, is looking at ways we might be able to protect people from the manipulation. We found the monster; now we re trying to figure out how to kill it. What we have learned so far is that the only way to protect people from biased search rankings is to break the trust Google has worked so hard to build. When we deliberately mix rankings up, or when we display various kinds of alerts that identify bias, we can suppress SEME to some extent.It s hard to imagine Google ever degrading its product and undermining its credibility in such ways, however. To protect the free and fair election, that might leave only one option, as unpalatable as it might seem: government regulation.Authored by Robert Epstein (@DrREpstein   senior research psychologist at the American Institute for Behavioral Research and Technology), originally posted at Politico.com Via: Zero Hedge",0
21489,HILLARY’S CHICKENS ARE COMIN’ HOME TO ROOST: News Reports Suggest Hillary May Have Used A Second Private Server,"Hillary may have gotten away with lying to the public for decades, but what she underestimated this time around was the enormous power of Chicago thugs, Valerie Jarrett and Barack Hussein Obama. If the two of them decide they don t want you running for office, you likely won t stand a chance The tens of thousands of emails on Hillary Clinton s private server from when she was secretary of state could also be on a second device or server, according to news reports.The FBI now has the only confirmed private server, as part of a Justice Department probe to determine whether it sent of received classified information for Clinton when she was the country s top diplomat from 2009 to 2013.Platte River Networks, which managed Clinton s server and private email network after she left the State Department, has indicated it transfer   or  migrated    emails from the original server in 2013, according to The Washington Examiner.However, Clinton, the front-running Democratic presidential candidate, has suggested that she gave the department 55,000 pages of official emails and deleted roughly 30,000 personal ones in January, which raises the possibility they were culled from a second device.Neither a Clinton spokesman nor an attorney for the Colorado-based Platte River Networks returned an Examiner s request for comment, the news gathering agency reported Saturday.The DailyMail.com on Aug. 14 was among the first to report the possibility of a second server.The FBI took the server last week, after a U.S. Intelligence Community inspector general reportedly found two Clinton emails that included sensitive information, then asked the FBI to further investigate.Platte River Networks has told news agencies that the server, now in New Jersey, has been wiped clean. But forensics experts still might be able to recover some information.There have been reports that some of the emails that Clinton turned over included classified information. Clinton maintains that she neither sent nor received classified data, which suggests the missives might have been marked after the fact as classified or with some other top-secret classification.The emails that Clinton gave to the State Department were on multiple storage devices. A Clinton lawyer turned over at least one thumb drive that reportedly included copies of the emails that his client has already given to the federal government.Clinton has maintained that she has done nothing wrong or illegal and says she will cooperate fully with the non-criminal investigations.Via: FOX News ",0
21490,BREAKING: WATCHDOG DOCUMENTS PROVE EPA KNEW OF POTENTIAL FOR CATASTROPHIC “BLOWOUT” Of Toxic Waste At CO Mine,"More redacted government documents covering up another scandal in Obama s  most transparent  government ever .Internal documents released late Friday show managers at the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency were aware of the potential for a catastrophic  blowout  at an abandoned mine that could release  large volumes  of wastewater laced with toxic heavy metals.EPA released the documents following weeks of prodding from The Associated Press and other media organizations. EPA and contract workers accidentally unleashed 3 million gallons of contaminated wastewater on Aug. 5 as they inspected the idled Gold King Mine near Silverton, Colorado.Among the documents is a June 2014 work order for a planned cleanup that noted that the old mine had not been accessible since 1995, when the entrance partially collapsed. The plan appears to have been produced by Environmental Restoration, a private contractor working for EPA. This condition has likely caused impounding of water behind the collapse,  the report says.  ln addition, other collapses within the workings may have occurred creating additional water impounding conditions. Conditions may exist that could result in a blowout of the blockages and cause a release of large volumes of contaminated mine waters and sediment from inside the mine, which contain concentrated heavy metals. A subsequent May 2015 action plan for the mine also notes the potential for a blowout.There are at least three ongoing investigations into exactly how EPA triggered the disaster, which tainted rivers in Colorado, New Mexico and Utah with lead, arsenic and other contaminates. EPA says its water testing has shown contamination levels have since fallen back to pre-spill levels, though experts warn the heavy metals have likely sunk and mixed with bottom sediments that could someday be stirred back up.The documents, which the agency released about 10:30 p.m. eastern time, do not include any account of what happened immediately before or after the spill. The wastewater flowed into a tributary of the Animas and San Juan rivers, turning them a sickly yellow.Elected officials in affected states and elsewhere have been highly critical of the EPA s initial response. Among the unanswered questions is why it took the agency nearly a day to inform local officials in downstream communities that rely on the rivers for drinking water.Much of the text in the documents released Friday was redacted by EPA officials. Among the items blacked out is the line in a 2013 safety plan for the Gold King job that specifies whether workers were required to have phones that could work at the remote site, which is more than 11,000 feet up a mountain.EPA did not immediately respond Friday night to questions from the AP. In the wake of the spill, it has typically taken days to get any detailed response from the agency, if at all.On its website, contractor Environmental Restoration posted a brief statement last week confirming its employees were present at the mine when the spill occurred. The company declined to provide more detail, saying that to do so would violate  contractual confidentiality obligations.  Via: AP News",0
21491,"JOIN NATIONWIDE PLANNED PARENTHOOD PROTEST SATURDAY, AUG 22: Details For Protests In Your State Listed Here","STAND UP TO EVIL for profit! Join thousands of people committed to holding Planned Parenthood accountable for their evil actions. MissionProtestPP is a coalition of pro-life groups calling for a National Day of Protest on August 22, 2015 at Planned Parenthood facilities all across America. Our goal is to raise awareness of the heartless and even illegal activities of Planned Parenthood by going to where the killing and harvesting of body parts from aborted children takes place. The four main sponsors are: Created Equal, the Pro-Life Action League, 40 Days for Life, and Citizens for a Pro-Life Society.Creating a presence at neighborhood Planned Parenthood facilities is essential to inform the public about what is going on behind closed doors. Local sidewalk counselors and activists are a key component to shutting down Planned Parenthood in the long term.The National Day of Protest will strengthen local efforts by raising their profile with the local press, the community and other pro-life activists. Together, the protests held on August 22 will put pressure on the media, both local and national, to report the truth about Planned Parenthood, and on government officials to stop funding this discredited organization.Click here for MAP to find protest locations.WHAT: Protest PP s harvesting and selling of aborted baby parts WHERE: Over 300 Planned Parenthood facilities across America Click here to find a location near you. WHEN: August 22, 2015 from 9:00am-11:00am CONTACT: Email or call 773-777-2900Via: ProtestPP ",0
21492,BEYOND EVIL: 8TH Planned Parenthood Video Stem Cell CEO Laughs About Intact Babies Shocking Lab Workers When Opening Shipments [VIDEO],"The Center For Medical Progress warned us these videos would get worse .Just a short time after a judge issued a ruling that the biotech firm StemExpress can t block the Center for Medical Progress from releasing another video that shows what it does with aborted babies Planned Parenthood sells to it, the pro-life group put up a preview of the 8th video in its series showing the scandal of Planned Parenthood selling aborted baby body parts.While the videos have focused on the Planned Parenthood abortion business, the biotech firm StemExpress, which buys and resells aborted baby body parts from the abortion giant, has filed a lawsuit seeking to block some information the Center for Medical Progress obtained in its three year undercover operation.Last month, a court in California blocked the pro-life group from releasing any videos regarding certain meetings of the middleman, StemExpress. The restraining order does not apply to the Planned Parenthood abortion business or even to StemExpress in its entirety, making it so additional videos were released.Today, a judge lifted the order and Center for Medical Progress immediately released a new video.SIGN THE PETITION! Congress Must De-Fund Planned Parenthood ImmediatelyIn the video, Cate Dyer, the CEO of StemExpress, is shown in a lunch meeting with undercover operatives posing as representatives of a biotech firm. Dyer is laughing about how StemExpress purchases fully intact aborted babies from Planned Parenthood. She laughs about how shippers of the aborted babies would give a warning to lab workers to expect such a baby. Oh yeah, if you have intact cases   which we ve done a lot   we sometimes ship those back to our lab in its entirety,  she says. Tell the lab its coming,  she laughs about the intact unborn babies.  You know, open the box and go  Oh my God,  Dyer adds.UPDATE: The following is a 2-minute preview of the full 8th video CMP plans to release as early as later today or tomorrow morning.After the swarm of negative publicity surrounding Planned Parenthood selling aborted babies and their body parts, StemExpress was forced to cut ties with the abortion company.Meanwhile, two committees in the House of Representatives have already launched investigations of Planned Parenthood. One committee is looking into whether or not the abortion business is breaking federal law by altering abortion procedures to better obtain aborted baby body parts for sale. Another committee, among other things, is investigating the Obama administration and whether there is any connection between it and the abortion giant.The House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform was to know if the Obama administration, via the Department of Health and Human Services, provided any federal grants to Planned Parenthood that ultimately went to pay for the sales of aborted baby body parts and if they were used by Planned Parenthood to  support transactions involving fetal tissue. The expose  videos catching Planned Parenthood officials selling the body parts of aborted babies have shocked the nation.As LifeNews reported, the first video of undercover footage shows Planned Parenthood Federation of America s Senior Director of Medical Services, Dr. Deborah Nucatola, describing how Planned Parenthood sells the body parts of aborted unborn children and admitting she uses partial-birth abortions to supply intact body parts.In the second video, Planned Parenthood doctor Mary Gatter discusses the pricing of aborted baby body parts   telling the biotech company officials that the prices for such things as a baby s liver, head or heart are negotiable. She also tells the officials that she could talk with the Planned Parenthood abortion practitioners to potentially alter the abortion procedure to kill the baby in a way that would best preserve those body parts after the unborn child is killed in the abortion.So far, 12 states have responded to the Planned Parenthood videos and launched investigations into their abortion and organ harvesting business including South Carolina, Florida, Tennessee, Massachusetts, Kansas, Missouri, Arizona, Indiana, Ohio, Georgia, Texas and Louisiana. The district attorney in Houston Texas is also investigating after the Houston-based Planned Parenthood abortion facility was caught selling aborted babies.Congress has expanded its investigation into the Planned Parenthood abortion business and five states have revoked taxpayer funding for Planned Parenthood s abortion business, including Utah, Arkansas, Alabama, New Hampshire and Louisiana and Iowa s governor has ordered a review of Planned Parenthood funding.The full, unedited videos have confirmed that revelations that some aborted baby remains sold by Planned Parenthood go to biotech companies for the purpose of creating  humanized  mice. Meanwhile, Planned Parenthood has been exposed as having sold body parts from aborted babies for as much as 15 years.The federal law that technically prohibits the sale of aborted babies and their body parts was written by a pro-abortion Congressman decades ago and essentially spells out a process by which sellers of aborted baby body parts can meet certain criteria that allows the sales to be legal. That s why a Colorado congressman has introduced legislation to totally ban the sales of aborted baby body parts. Via: Life News",0
21493,[PHOTOS] SECOND FAKE BLACK ACTIVIST EMERGES: #BlackLivesMatter ORGANIZER CLAIMED HE WAS TERRORIZED BY “decades old racial tensions”,"Are these faux blacks cashing in on victim status or simply taking white guilt too far?An investigative blogger has accused Shaun King, a key figure in the Black Lives Matter movement, of misleading media icon Oprah Winfrey by pretending to be biracial in order to qualify for an  Oprah scholarship  to historically black Morehouse College. The blogger says King is white and has been lying about his ethnicity for years. King is a high-profile campaigner against  police brutality  and  justice correspondent  for the liberal Daily Kos website who told Rebel magazine in 2012 that he was biracial, with the magazine reporting that he is the  son of a Caucasian mother and an African-American father.  He has also described himself as  mixed with a black family  on Twitter.King has been lionised by the press, praised as hero of civil rights and social activism. He has written extensively about a childhood in which he was terrorised by  decades old racial tensions.  He claims to have been  the focus of constant abuse of the resident rednecks of my school. Yet, in recent weeks, rumours have been circulating about his ethnicity. A 1995 police incident report lists Shaun King s ethnicity as white. And blogger Vicki Pate, who has been assembling forensic accounts of Shaun King s background and family tree on her blog,  Re-NewsIt!,  has published her findings.She claims that King is entirely white and says a birth certificate, which Breitbart has since independently acquired from the Kentucky Office of Vital Statistics, names a white man as his father. King s case echoes that of Rachel Dolezal, a civil rights activist from Washington who claimed to be biracial while in fact being of caucasian origin. Dolezal continues to insist she  identifies as black,  despite her parents revealing that she is entirely white.If Pate is right, Shaun King, who often uses black and white photographs of himself online rather than colour images, may have misled African-American hero Winfrey by applying for and accepting an Oprah Scholarship to the historically black Morehouse College. Oprah Scholarships are given exclusively to black men.In his Daily Kos diary, King refers to himself as a  brother,  writing:  Oprah Winfrey paid my way through Morehouse. The leadership scholarship that I received from her is why I have a college degree today. Five hundred other brothers have the exact same story. Shaun King s biography has attracted the attention of bloggers and journalists thanks to several bizarre inconsistencies in his public claims. He often struggles when asked to recall basic facts about his own life. For instance, in August 2014, King wrote on Twitter that he was father to three  black girls,  while, six months earlier, he claimed to be father to four.It is of course possible that a family tragedy is responsible for the inconsistency, but the unexplained change in biographical details is not a one-off. In October 2009, King claimed to have endured four spinal surgeries. By February 2010, the number of surgeries had shrunk to three. There is also some confusion about when an alleged car crash may or may not have happened.As it turns out, these explosive new racial allegations are just the latest in a string of controversies surrounding Shaun King: on July 21, a conservative blog reported that his account of a  brutal, racially-motivated beating  in 1995, which at least two reports have described as  Kentucky s first hate crime,  did not match up with a police report from the case. King, 35, has related the story of the hate crime on his blogs and in his recent self-help book, seemingly to bolster his credibility as an activist and as a self-help guru,  wrote the Daily Caller s Chuck Ross.  While King has said that he was attacked by up to a dozen  racist  and  redneck  students, official records show that the altercation involved only one other student. And while King has claimed that he suffered a  brutal  beating that left him clinging to life, the police report characterized King s injuries as  minor,  Ross reported.This month, more details have emerged from King s account that do not match up with the police report or eyewitness accounts from journalists who noticed that King s public claims did not square with reality.Remarkably, King s own publication the Daily Kos, at which he is listed as a staff writer, ran a provocatively titled blog post in July of this year:  Is there something fishy about Shaun King?  The post alleged that people had been asking questions about King for some time and linked to the earlier Daily Caller report. While I know that it s in a right-wing publication, there was something that prevented me from instantly dismissing the article   I ve seen a number of people on Daily Kos complain that Shaun plays fast and loose with the truth,  wrote contributor Burt Miles.  So I started to do some digging on the Internet and found a lot of information which, if true, makes me very concerned about Shaun, his motives, and how his actions could reflect badly on this site and be used to smear the Black Lives Matter movement. Miles continued:  Is there anything to all this, or is it some kind of organized smear campaign? And, if it is a smear campaign, how does it involve so many different sites, publications and individuals? It was around the same time that Breitbart contacted Vicki Pate, who has been investigating King s claims for several years. Pate provided key documents that appear to show that King has two white parents and that he has been lying to the public about his race. Here is a picture of Shaun King (left) with his mother and brother(left) via: RenewsitOne of them is his birth certificate, listing his parents as Naomi Kay Fleming and Jeffery Wayne King and a birth date of September 17, 1979 in Versailles, Kentucky. King had already told journalists his mother was white. So all that remained for Pate to determine was whether his father was white too.King has always claimed that his father is black. But King s father, Jeffery, is white, says Pate. She points to a man born 11 November 1955 in Campbell, Kentucky who has been the subject of multiple arrests, including for motoring and drug offences. That birth date would make him 23 at the time of Shaun King s birth, the same age given on Shaun s birth certificate.The Jeffery Wayne King whose name and date of birth concord with Shaun King s birth certificate is pictured below, in a 2007 police mug shot. Various documents give his name as  Jeffery  and  Jeffrey  Wayne King, names which are common variants of one another, but King Snr s date of birth and place of residence is the same in all records. Jeffrey King, King s alleged father, who he has claimed in the past is black (top); King s brother Jason is pictured (bottom)What s more, Pate says she has definitively linked the man pictured in these mugshots to Shaun King via Shaun s brother, Kentucky Air Guard Russ King, who is also clearly caucasian. Finally, public records show only one J Wayne King in the state.By 2015, Shaun King had finessed his account of growing up black and suffering discrimination.  I was raised in rural Kentucky,  he told the blog Generation Progress.  It was actually pretty rough. African Americans faced a lot of racism and discrimination growing up. I never really experienced overt racism myself until high school,  he claimed. I was put into a weird position when a huge group of students (who called themselves  rednecks ) hated me for no reason. King must have known while giving interviews as late as 2015 that Vicki Pate was tracking down his family history. But he continued to deliver craftily-worded answers to interview questions that gave the impression he was a person of color and that he had been the victim of hate crimes.Neither is true, says Pate. She told Breitbart last night that King has never denied her accusations.  Shaun King has not denied the story to me, or anyone else, as far as I know,  she said.  Whenever it is mentioned on Twitter he simply blocks whoever is asking and reports them for  harassment.  He did reply to one person but only to say,  Haters gonna hate.  I myself have been suspended from Twitter just for posing the question. Via: Breitbart News",0
21494,NATIONAL TREND? Jimmy John’s Employee Refuses To Serve Police Officer [VIDEO],"How many of these punks treating police officers with disrespect will be the first to call them when they need help?A Minnesota sandwich shop worker should have thought twice before refusing to serve a police officer his lunch.The problem started Thursday when Edina Police Officer Marcus Limbeck went to a the Bloomington Jimmy John s restaurant and was confronted in the parking lot by an angry delivery driver who told him they would not serve him because the police ticket too many of the company s drivers, Fox 9 reported.Officer Limbeck emailed some other officers to tell them of his experience with the unruly driver, according to Fox 9.Edina patrol officer, Marcus Limbeck told his fellow officers in an e-mail the delivery driver yelled at him in the parking lot,  you coming down here to give us tickets now?  inside, the same driver told him,  you re not getting a sandwich here.   you ve given almost everybody here a ticket.   go get your sandwich someplace else.  The officer says the other workers were just laughing and snickering. Customers were in disbelief that they actually refused to serve the officer. But the story has a happy ending   for the cops, if not for the employee. The comments were so egregious we terminated the employee immediatel,  the franchise owner Dan Vansteenburg told Fox 9.  We have a lot of respect for law enforcement. We are a law-abiding sandwich shop, but we are on the road and we deliver sandwiches. Vansteenburg also said he s like to treat all Edina officers to free sandwiches or make a special donation to make up for it.According to Fox 9 Edina does write more tickets than any town in Minnesota but it also have one of the state s lowest accident fatality rates.Via: BizPac Review",0
21495,THROWBACK: HOW SOCIALIST BERNIE SANDERS Used Other People’s Money To Pay Family Members Over $150K,"Socialism sounds great until you realize the money government takes from you goes to whomever they choose (like family members) Bernie Sanders constantly says that he wants big money out of politics, it s one of the central pillars of his presidential campaign.While it hasn t been reported by any major media outlets during this election cycle, the fact is that Sanders has used campaign funds to enrich members of his family in the past.This report appeared in the Vermont Guardian in 2005:Nepotism crosses party linesWASHINGTON  The news that House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, R-TX, paid his wife and daughter $473,801 as campaign staff members was just the beginning. At least 38 other members of Congress, including Vermont Rep. Bernie Sanders, have paid spouses, children, or other relatives out of campaign funds, or have hired companies in which a family member had a financial interest, according to news reports.Since 2000, Sanders has used campaign donations to pay his wife and stepdaughter more than $150,000, according to records filed with the Federal Election Commission.His wife Jane O Meara Sanders received $91,020 for  consultation  and to negotiate the purchase of television and radio ads. Approximately $61,000 of that was  pass through  money used to pay for the ads, O Meara Sanders told the Bennington Banner. She kept about $30,000 as pay for her services.Her daughter Carina Driscoll, Sanders  stepdaughter, earned $65,002 from the Sanders campaign between 2000 and 2004, records show.A similar report appeared in the Times Argus of Vermont:Sanders campaign paid family membersMONTPELIER   Rep. Bernard Sanders  wife Jane was paid about $30,000 from 2002 to 2004 for work on his campaigns, while his stepdaughter Carina Driscoll got about $65,000 over a five-year period ending last year, a Sanders aide said Wednesday.The issue resurfaced in 2006 and was covered by Roll Call:GOP Hits Sanders on Wife s BusinessSanders, who is seeking the Senate seat being vacated by Sen. Jim Jeffords (I-Vt.), is fighting back, saying that his likely Republican opponent, millionaire businessman Richard Tarrant, is lying.The Tarrant campaign has resurrected news stories revealing that Sanders  wife, Jane O Meara Sanders   a former professional media buyer   was paid $30,000 for working on Sanders  2002 and 2004 House campaigns and his step-daughter, Carina Driscoll, had been paid about $65,000 over a five-year period.What Sanders did is technically not illegal, but it s astonishing that someone campaigning on the removal of big money in politics used campaign funds to pay large sums of money to members of his own family. Via: Progressives Today ",0
21496,SECRET DUMPS OF TOXIC WASTE ON PRIVATE PROPERTY BY EPA: Will The Government Bullies At The EPA Finally Be Exposed?,"This story gets more and more unbelievable every day The EPA has a record of releasing toxic runoff from mines in two tiny Colorado towns that dates to 2005, a local mine owner claims.The 3-million-gallon heavy-metal spill two weeks ago in Silverton polluted three states and touched off national outrage. But the EPA escaped public wrath in 2005 when it secretly dumped up to 15,000 tons of poisonous waste into another mine 124 miles away. That dump   containing arsenic, lead and other materials   materialized in runoff in the town of Leadville, said Todd Hennis, who owns both mines along with numerous others. If a private company had done this, they would ve been fined out of existence,  Hennis said.  I have been battling the EPA for 10 years and they have done nothing but create pollution. About 20 percent (of Silverton residents) think it s on purpose so they can declare the whole area a Superfund site. Like Silverton to the south, Leadville was founded in the late 1800s as a mining town and is the only municipality in its county. Today, tourism is its livelihood.It s against this backdrop that the Environmental Protection Agency began lobbying to declare part of Leadville a Superfund site in order to develop a recreational area called the Mineral Belt Trail. The project was officially completed in 2000, but apparently the agency stayed on and continued to work in town.In late 2005, the EPA collected tons of sludge from two Leadville mines and secretly dumped it down the shaft of the New Mikado mine without notifying Hennis, its owner, according to documents reviewed by Watchdog.A drainage tunnel had been installed at the bottom of the mine shaft by the U.S. government in 1942, meaning that any snow or rain would leach toxins into the surrounding land.Hennis said the EPA claims it has installed a treatment pond near the tunnel to clean runoff. The EPA rebuffed his demands to clean up the mess it created in his mine, he said. In frustration, Hennis sent the county sheriff a certified notice that any EPA officials found near his property were trespassing and should be arrested.Despite that history of bitterness, in 2010, the EPA asked Hennis to grant its agents access to Gold King Mine in Silverton because the agency was investigating hazardous runoff from other mines in the region. I said,  No, I don t want you on my land out of fear that you will create additional pollution like you did in Leadville,  Hennis said. The official request turned into a threat, Hennis said:  They said,  If you don t give us access within four days, we will fine you $35,000 a day. An EPA administrative order dated May 12, 2011 said its inspectors wanted to conduct  drilling of holes and installing monitoring wells, sampling and monitoring water, soil, and mine waste material from mine water rock dumps as necessary to evaluate releases of hazardous substances When the EPA hit Hennis with $300,000 in fines, he said, he  waved the white flag  and allowed the agency on his property.So for the past four years, the EPA has been working at the mine and two others nearby   all which border a creek that funnels into the Animas River. One mine to the north had been walled off with cement by its owner but it continued to leak water into Gold King. The EPA installed a drainage ditch on the Gold King side of the mine to alleviate the problem, but then accidentally filled the ditch with dirt and rocks last summer while building a water-retention wall.That was the wall that burst when a contractor punched a hole in the top on Aug. 5, sending a bright orange stream cascading down. The EPA looked like the Keystone Kops as anger intensified in the media and general public: 24 hours passed with no notification to the lower states or Navajo Nation; the White House ignored mentioning the incident; and it took a week for the EPA administrator to tour Durango downstream, while refusing to visit Silverton itself.The EPA says cleaning ponds have been installed to leach toxins from the water, and claims that anything released now is actually cleaner than before the spill occurred. The fallout from this disaster in the lower states is still unknown.Also unknown is the fate of Silverton itself. For months, the EPA has been pushing town leaders into allowing designation as a Superfund site out of belief that the whole town is contaminated. This is something the town has resisted, as its reputation is at stake and no current tests have shown any evidence of toxic soil levels. Whenever we hear the word  EPA,  we think of Superfund,  said Silverton Town Board Trustee David Zanoni.  They say,  We want to work together.  That s B.S. They want to come in and take over. The water up here is naturally filled with minerals. They don t need to be here cleaning up. If the EPA s litany of mistakes at Gold King mine is a barometer, Zanoni said, handing over the reins of Silverton would be a disaster. They had no contingency plan in case all of this went to hell,  he said.The EPA could not be reached for comment.Via: Watchdog.org",0
21497,(VIDEO) DEMOCRATS FRUSTRATED BY CLINTON JOKING ABOUT E-MAIL SCANDAL: Not a ‘joking matter’.,The liberal pundits are pretty frustrated by the Clinton campaign and it shows: ,0
21498,(VIDEO) TED CRUZ PROTESTERS GET ALL WET WHEN RESTAURANT OWNER HAS HAD ENOUGH,"Disrupting people when they re trying to have dinner came to an end when Ted Cruz protesters got all wet. Can we do that to the Black Lives Matter folks?An Arkansas restauranteur thought some Ted Cruz protesters were all wet   then he made sure of it!The Texas senator and Republican presidential hopeful was enjoying a meal with Republican Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson in Little Rock last week when the loud group of protesters arrived. We wanted to make sure that [Cruz] heard from us,  protester Robert Nunn told ABC affiliate KATV.They made sure a lot of people heard them. Including a guy who dumped a bucket of water right down on them. KATV   Breaking News, Weather and Razorback Sports I looked up and I saw, it was clearly one of the employees, he had a white jacket on and he had a bucket and I was like,  Hmm, what s going on with that?  Nunn told reporters.  And before I knew what happened, he had dumped it. Via: BPR",0
21499,"AS HILLARY CRASHES AND BURNS… The Dems Look To A Recycled Rich White Guy To Save Their “Diverse, Working Class” Party","Is the world s biggest global warming liar getting ready for a Bush vs Gore re-match?Democrats  more and more desperate to find anybody but Hillary Clinton to be their nominee   are now looking to Al Gore to save them.That s right. Al Gore.Should Gore toss his hat into the ring and Joe Biden jump in, that would put five old white men against one old white woman for the Democratic Nomination. Not a Hispanic or African-American in the bunch.It s a stark contrast to the GOP field, with a woman, African American, two Latinos and some younger than 60!Gore won the popular vote in 2000, as you may recall from the harping Democrats made for George W. Bush s entire term. According to BuzzFeed, they re  getting the old gang together. The senior Democrat and other sources cautioned not to overstate Gore s interest. He has not made any formal or informal moves toward running, or even met with his political advisers about a potential run.Gore   who s now probably a billionaire   has spent most of his post Vice-President career focusing on causes that cost American jobs  like opposing the Keystone XP pipeline.The senior Democrat and other sources cautioned not to overstate Gore s interest. He has not made any formal or informal moves toward running, or even met with his political advisers about a potential run.A member of Gore s inner circle asked to be quoted  pouring lukewarm water    not, note, cold water   on the chatter. This is people talking to people, some of whom may or may not have talked to him,  the Gore adviser said.Via: DownTrend",0
21500,HOW OBAMA USED NWA (Niggaz Wit Attitudes) Famous For “F—k the Police” Rap To Promote His Dangerous Iran Deal On Twitter [VIDEO],"Has the Obama regime really sunk to a new low level? Is that even possible? What do hateful racist and anti-cop messages have to do with a dangerous deal with Iran?The White House is getting hammered for a tweet that was posted on Thursday using a popular hip hop theme for a meme promoting Obama s dangerous Iran deal. The meme is fashioned after a popular movie poster for the movie  Straight Outta Compton  about the World s Most Dangerous Group, N.W.A. who in the early 80 s used lyrics like  F ck the police. This isn t your dad s N.W.A: Dre is now 50 and a mogul, Cube is 46 and a Hollywood powerhouse. And yeah, the guys who sang  F  tha Police  and  One Less Bitch  have been married for decades. So what s left after you poked mainstream America out of its race slumber 30 years ago? The hot biopic  Straight Outta Compton :  All this shit really happened. It s crazy how we were getting criticized for this years ago,  says Dre of N.W.A s provocative songs about inner-city life.  And now, it s just like,  OK, we understand.  This movie will keep shining a light on the problem, especially because of all the situations that are happening in Ferguson and here in Los Angeles. It s definitely going to keep this situation in people s minds and make sure that everyone out there knows that this is a problem that keeps happening still today.   Hollywood ReporterHere s the official White House Twitter account for the deal   posted its own version:.@BuzzFeed And thanks to the #IranDeal, Iran will be   pic.twitter.com/zEHN1EpEX7  The Iran Deal (NARA) (@TheIranDeal) August 13, 2015Here is the trailer to the Straight Outta Compton movie:In 1991, N.W.A. was reveling in its self-described role as the World s Most Dangerous Group, condemned by politicians and law enforcement authorities alike. Straight Outta Compton had sold some 2 million copies, and its hotly anticipated second full album Efil4zaggin (read it backwards) brought the group fresh infamy when it was released in June of that year.The album s cover showed N.W.A.   now without Cube, who had left to start a solo career in 1989 after falling out with manager Jerry Heller   as ghosts rising from gunned-down corpses, and its content was no less violent or nihilistic. Songs about violence and sex were punctuated with skits that were just as extreme; the band used the N-word some 249 times. Having been roundly condemned as a menace to society, the group was doing its best to live up to the label. And it worked; the album was banned from some record chains in the U.S., and British authorities, under the authority of the Obscene Publications Act, seized 25,000 copies of the album upon its release. Critics weren t impressed. TIME s Jay Cocks branded the album  grotesque  in a July 1991 review, not for its threat to the moral order but for its relentless negativity and misogyny:The fact is, Efil4zaggin is an entire open season for negative stereotyping. That s the classic rap posture, black male division, of course: turning the comic-book white fantasy of the black male as a murderous sexual stud into a hyperbolic reality. Rappers like N.W.A. and Public Enemy want to scare the living hell out of white America   and sell it a whole mess of records   by making its worst racial nightmares come true.N.W.A. s runaway success was driven not by  street-seasoned bloods,  Cocks wrote. Instead, he continued, the group appealed to white, middle-class teenage boys thousands of miles from South Central L.A. who were looking for a way to rebel. Via: TIMEHERE IS THE VERY EXPLICIT VIDEO  F*ck The Police  by NWA who our White House has chosen to tie in to their pro-Iran deal message: ",0
21501,OH BOY! TARGET CUSTOMERS RESPOND TO THE NEW GENDER NEUTRAL TOY LABELING,"Oh boy! Target customers are hot under the collar on this pc move to give toys gender neutrality. Angry customers are ditching Target and have been very vocal about their displeasure on social media: @thehill so now being PC is more important than helping customers. No more Target shopping for me Target is bringing Americans one step closer to a gender-neutral society. The department store chain announced what it called  something exciting  Friday. After some customers complained about certain toys  being designated as appropriate for girls, it is doing away with signs denoting gender classifications. Over the past year, guests have raised important questions about a handful of signs in our stores that offer product suggestions based on gender,  according to Target s online publication,  A Bullseye View. Toys no longer will be labeled according to sex and displayed on either pink or blue shelving. Gender-neutral signage also will appear in the children s bedding section. The only place gender labels will remain is in the children s clothing department.The gender-labeling brouhaha began last June when Target customer and Ohio mother Abi Bechtel snapped a photo of Target signage indicating  Building Sets  and  Girls  Building Sets  and tweeted it to the chain along with a stern message. It stood out to me as a good example of the way our culture tends to view boys and men as the default, normal option, and girls and women as the specialized option,  Bechtel told CNN.Maybe that particular sign was a bit ridiculous, but it certainly didn t require eliminating all gender classifications to correct it.Oddly, Target said that  we use signs and displays specially designed to help guests get through the store efficiently,  and  signs that sort by brand, age or gender help them get ideas and find things faster. So, the answer is to remove signs that help customers  get through the store efficiently ?Read more: BIZ PAC REVIEW",0
21502,[VIDEO] FED UP DRIVER IN SUV PLOWS THROUGH FERGUSON PROTESTERS BLOCKING BUSY HIGHWAY… #DontPlayInTheStreets,This fed up driver was not going to be bullied into submission by these ignorant protesters. Was he wrong to keep driving when these people know they re blocking traffic and putting themselves in grave danger standing in front of traffic? How do these fools know what circumstances of each one of the drivers may be facing as they re blocked by a pack of ignorant people? Someone may be rushing their child to the hospital or trying to get to work on time for fear of losing their jobs. No one should never have to sit behind a wall of human protesters on a busy highway it doesn t matter what you re protesting that s just common sense to stay off the highways and roads.The best part of this whole video is when one of the brave protesters announces to everyone that he got the license plate number so he could report him to the cops they re standing in traffic to protest! #LowInformationVoters .https://twitter.com/CassandraRules/status/630873997735911424 ,0
21503,WOW! BRAVE VETERAN CONFRONTS FERGUSON THUGS STOMPING ON U.S. FLAG: “My Brothers Died For That Flag!” [VIDEO], My brothers DIED for that flag!  ,0
21504,[VIDEO] WHY THE RACE WAR IS NOT REALLY ABOUT RACE IT’S “ANARCHY IN ACTION”," The left believes they are winning this war. Radical organizations funded by George Soros and other radical leftists are paying protesters to join anarchists in the war against America. This is a must watch debate with two conservative men who are unafraid to take on one of the mouthpieces of the left and call them out on their agenda.Steve Malzberg from NewsMax TV and Nomiki Konst, the radical executive director of the Accountability Project, joined Jim Hoft of Gateway Pundit to discuss the Ferguson mobs and myths and Barack Obama s stellar record on race relations.Nomiki is a committed leftist and accused Donald Trump of being a racist. Steve Malzberg let her have it. We ended with a discussion on how Barack Obama destroyed race relations in this country. Enjoy.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
21505,[VIDEO] SHERIFF CLARKE EXPOSES THE LEFT: “This (Ferguson protests) Is Nothing More Than An Attempt To Try To Energize and Mobilize The Black Vote Through The 2016 Election”," A bunch of thugs, a bunch of creeps, criminals, race hustlers  with a scattering of law abiding people converged in this area and ripped the town up again. I would ve like to think this phony (#BlackLivesMatter) Movement Would ve Come Back To Apologize To The Good Law-Abiding People Of Ferguson, MO, but instead, we get this whole phony movement. In the first round there was an over-reliance by the police on avoiding confrontation. Look, the police are not looking for confrontation, but if someone s gonna bring the fight, then they have to respond quickly. If there s looting, if there s gun fire like last night, if there s rioting, if there s other sort of criminal behavior, law enforcement needs to use the resources they have.  Respond quickly and crush it. And give the impression to these individuals  that this stuff is not gonna stand. They re (the left) gonna keep this thing going and it s an unfortunate thing. Because look, this isn t Selma, Alabama this isn t Montgomery, it isn t the civl rights movement. Mike Brown was engaged in felonious conduct.This is a slap in the face to people like Rosa Parks and Martin Luther King, Jr. They oughta go back and study Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. I don t remember gun fire and rioting breaking out at a protest that he held. ",0
21506,TRANSGENDER PRISONER IN CA JAIL FOR MURDER IS GRANTED PAROLE FOR SEX CHANGE,"Just when you find yourself wondering if the world has gone completely mad you read a story like this that confirms that indeed, it has Gov. Jerry Brown is allowing parole for a transgender inmate who is trying to force California to become the first state to pay for sex reassignment surgery.A federal judge in April ordered the state to provide the surgery, which had been scheduled for July. It was delayed after the state appealed.The governor s office said Friday that Brown was taking no action on the Board of Parole Hearings  recommendation to release Michelle-Lael Norsworthy, which means her parole will proceed.The decision makes it less likely that the 51-year-old will be able to have surgery funded by the prison before she is released. Parole board spokesman Luis Patino said it usually takes about a week for an inmate to be released after the governor allows a parole to proceed.Brown decided Norsworthy is no longer dangerous, 30 years after she fatally shot Franklin Gordon Liefer Jr., 26, following an argument in a Fullerton bar in November 1985.Norsworthy, then 21, was convicted of second-degree murder after she shot Liefer three times. He died six weeks later.She is being held at Mule Creek State Prison, a men s prison in Ione, near Sacramento. Prison records refer to her by her birth name of Jeffrey Bryan Norsworthy, though she has lived as a woman since the 1990s.She was diagnosed with gender identity disorder in 1999 and began taking female hormones. She began asking the corrections department for the surgery in 2012 after learning a judge for the first time had ordered Massachusetts to provide an inmate with the procedure. However, that decision was overturned on appeal in December, and the U.S. Supreme Court declined to intervene.The 9th Circuit agreed to hear California s appeal of U.S. District Judge Jon Tigar s ruling and a hearing is scheduled for Thursday. The appellate court noted that the case raises serious legal questions about whether denying the surgery violates Norsworthy s constitutional rights against cruel and unusual punishment.The California Department of Corrections and Rehabilitation says it has met all of its legal requirements by providing Norsworthy with counseling and hormone therapy.The state filed paperwork in federal court Friday saying it has agreed to provide sex reassignment surgery for another inmate, Shiloh Quine, 56, to settle a separate lawsuit. CDCR evaluates every case individually, and in the Quine case, every medical doctor and mental health clinician who has reviewed this case, including two independent mental health experts, determined that this surgery is medically necessary for Quine,  corrections department spokesman Jeffrey Callison said in an emailed statement.Quine, formerly known as Rodney James Quine, is serving a life sentence for murder, kidnapping and robbery.Norsworthy testified at her parole hearing in May that she accepts responsibility for her crime. She said at the time, she was  pretty much drinking every day all day  but is now sober and attends Alcoholics Anonymous meetings in prison.She said she also takes steps to control her anger and make better judgments.Via: FOX News",0
21507,HILLARY CLINTON CRASHING IN POLLS: Moves To Obama Strategy…Using Taxpayer Money To Give Away Free Sh*T,"So, the working people of America are basically supposed to sit back and watch Bernie Sanders and Hillary compete to see who can pander to get more votes by promising Americans and illegal aliens more free sh*t with our hard earned money? Like healthcare, education is a sclerotic, overexpensive, underperforming industry. Both have strong parallels: they re dominated by government subsidies and controls, though not entirely socialized; they re perhaps the only growth industries in our moribund economy; and they dominate the thought life of the nation. As Arnold Kling and Nick Schulz pointed out in 2011:These are our foremost growth sectors   the ones most central to employment and consumption; the ones that, increasingly, drive our economy. And it is in precisely these two sectors that the case for extensive government intervention and planning, if not outright control, is dominant   and becoming ever more so.If there is to be any hope of reversing this trend, champions of market economics must come to see these two sectors as the front lines in the battle for capitalism. At stake is not only an ideological or theoretical point, but also American prosperity. The historical record makes this clear: In the nations where it was practiced, government control of the old commanding heights of the economy made those industries less efficient and less innovative   bringing overall economic performance down with them.Today, Hillary Clinton is touting her plan for Obamacare-izing higher education. Competing Democratic presidential candidates Martin O Malley and Bernie Sanders have already proposed essentially socializing college straight up. Clinton s proposal, like Obamacare, is also collectivist and unjustified wealth redistribution, but with a more complicated, less direct, crony capitalist flavor. In other words, it s not direct socialism, but it might as well be.By mucking around this way, Clinton gains the benefit of deception: She can argue that  both the left and the right  (by  right,  she of course means the craziest of Republicans, not actual conservatives) have proposed elements of her plan. So she gets to smear her Frankenstein with pretty  bipartisan  makeup. And the average voter won t care, because the average voter doesn t give jack about enslaving his children (or other people s children) to the unseen but growing monstrosity of federal debt, as long as he gets feel-goodies now, regardless of whether they actually benefit anyone. But it s still a Frankenstein.What Does Hillary Clinton Propose, Exactly? Before we get into the mud-slinging, let s do what most journalists do not and give some actual hard facts about Clinton s proposal. (Do any of you also scan news articles looking for actual facts instead of paid spokespeople s lying spin? It s hard to find those, isn t it?) The full proposal doesn t seem available (probably so they can tweak its details in response to initial criticism); reporters have gotten  three fact sheets,  MSNBC says. Inside Higher Ed kindly posted them. A news summary of the major points: Under the plan, which was outlined by Clinton advisers on Sunday, about $175 billion in grants would go to states that guarantee students would not have to take out loans to cover tuition at four-year public colleges and universities. In return for the money, states would have to end budget cuts to increase spending over time on higher education, while also working to slow the growth of tuition, thought the plan does not require states to cap it.  (NYT) military veterans, lower-income students and those who complete a national service program, like AmeriCorps, would go to school for free in the Clinton plan  (AP). She would also expand income-based repayment programs, allowing every student borrower to enroll in a plan that would cap their payments at 10 percent of their income with remaining debt forgiven after 20 years.  (AP) Student borrowers would be expected to work at least 10 hours a week to contribute, while their families would continue contributing under the current income-based model. Clinton s plan would also expand a tax credit from $1,000 to $2,500 for families paying for college.  (MSNBC) Her campaign says she will create a dedicated fund for Historically Black Colleges and Universities, and will expand AmeriCorps from 75,000 to 250,000 members.  (MSNBC) Mrs. Clinton would pay for the [supposedly $350 billion] plan by capping the value of itemized deductions that wealthy families can take on their tax returns.  (NYT)So more income redistribution and more federal micromanagement because, clearly, central planners know better how to manage college costs than colleges and families. Topped off, of course, by (what else?) playing self-appointed Robin Hood against people who earn lots less money than she does. Envy and greed are our society s favorite sins, after all.Federal Meddling Is the Problem, Not the AnswerThe most expensive portion of Clinton s proposal involves bullying states into following federal marching orders in order for them to receive cash the feds scooped from taxpayers.For entire story: The Federalist",0
21508,"BUSTED! DEM TX REP PLAYS RACE CARD, LIES ABOUT TREATMENT BY COP…Uncovered Dash Cam Shows Truth [VIDEO]","The race card thing is getting old fast The Austin County Sheriff s Office released the dash camera video of a July 14 traffic stop of State Representative Garnet Coleman Tuesday to refute claims Coleman made last week about being disrespected and treated  like a child. Coleman, as the chair of the Committee on County Affairs, held a hearing last Thursday in Austin as the first public inquiry into the arrest and death of Sandra Bland in Waller County. In that hearing, Coleman recounted his own history of being pulled over in traffic stops and gave this account of an I-10 traffic stop that happened just two weeks ago. He talked to me like I was a child,  he said of the sheriff s deputy who pulled him over for speeding.  He was so rude and nasty. Even when he found out I was a legislator, he became more rude and nasty. And I didn t understand why this guy was continuing to go on and on and treat me like a child. And basically like I m saying is treat me like a boy. I want to be very clear about that,  Coleman said in the committee hearing.  Via: Breaking 911KHOU    The Texas Municipal Police Association, the Harris County Deputies Organization, the Houston Police Officers  Union and the Dallas Police Union all issued demands for Coleman to apologize for his  fabrication  of the events in the traffic stop. Sheriff Brandes asked Coleman to apologize for his remarks about the sheriff s deputy. Instead, Coleman seemed to double down on the race card  boy  word. They may not have [thought it was rude],  Coleman told KHOU.  But they weren t sitting in my seat. And, if you know the history of my people, you know that being treated like a child or a boy is not something that we accept very well. The Houston Police Officers Union (HPOU) issued a strong rebuke to Coleman.  Our organization has supported Representative Coleman during his tenure in the Texas Legislature, however, since Representative Coleman refuses to own up to the fact that his statements in committee regarding the stop were in fact not true and completely out of line, we have no choice but to discontinue our support of him. Via: Weasel Zippers Black Democratic Texas State Rep Claims  Mistreatment  By Police During Traffic Stop, Video Shows Anything But",0
21509,“BLOOD ON THEIR HANDS” FOR VOTING RIGHTS: The Truth About Shocking Number Of Murders By Illegal Aliens In US Hidden By Media And Dems [VIDEO],"It s time to stop hitting the snooze button America! This crisis is no longer on our doorstep it s here. The Democrats, corporations and the Chamber of Commerce want to give these criminals the same rights as you and me Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump deserves credit for forcing all 17 Republican candidates to talk about the social costs of illegal immigration, but it is not  Trump s issue.  We will be making a fatal mistake if we let the media discuss it that way.As Ann Coulter has pointed out, this is the most critical issue of the 2016 race because this is the issue that will define whether or not there will even be an American nation recognizable as the  home of the free and land of the brave. But illegal immigration is not  Ann Coulter s issue  any more than it is  Tom Tancredo s issue.  It is America s issue   not only because it will define America in the 21st Century but because it also defines American elections and who will be voting in elections in 2020 and beyond. It also illuminates the power of the mainstream media to keep issues off the national stage.Think of illegal immigration this way: If the liberal media can keep illegal alien crime out of the  kitchen table debate,  they can keep any issue out of the debate. And they will if they can get away with it. For those reasons, illegal immigration is much more than an issue of public policy; it is the poster child for media malpractice.The media s attempt to suppress public awareness over illegal alien crime and the effects of illegal immigration on American workers  jobs and wages is nothing less than censorship on a massive scale. We need to start talking about it in those terms and hold the media accountable for the lack of ethical standards.The mainstream media   including, sadly, major segments of the presumably conservative media, like the Wall Street Journal   are working overtime to keep the American public and the American voters in the dark on the scope of illegal alien crime. The murder of Kate Steinle in San Francisco exposed only the tip of a massive iceberg, and the media establishment is desperate to avoid dealing with the iceberg underneath.Let s look at a few numbers. You haven t seen them in the New York Times, Atlanta Constitution, or the Miami Herald, nor have they been featured on NBC Nightly news or CNN. So, the average American is blissfully unaware of them.Between 2008 and 2014, 40% of all murder convictions in Florida were criminal aliens. In New York it was 34% and Arizona 17.8%. During those years, criminal aliens accounted for 38% of all murder convictions in the five states of California, Texas, Arizona, Florida and New York, while illegal aliens constitute only 5.6% of the total population in those states. That 38% represents 7,085 murders out of the total of 18,643. That 5.6% figure for the average illegal alien population in those five states comes from US Census estimates. We know the real number is double that official estimate. Yet, even if it is 11%, it is still shameful that the percentage of murders by criminal aliens is more than triple the illegal population in those states.Those astounding numbers were compiled by the Government Accountability Office (GAO) using official Department of Justice data on criminal aliens in the nation s correctional system. The numbers were the basis for a presentation at a recent New Hampshire conference sponsored by the highly respected Center for Security Policy. You can view the full presentation here:The federal Bureau of Prisons category  criminal aliens  includes legal immigrants who have been convicted of serious crimes, but over 90% of incarcerated criminal aliens are illegal aliens, so it is reasonable to use these numbers as a close approximation of the extent of illegal alien crime.Similar data is available at the state level if state officials have the desire to look for it. The Texas Department of Public Safety reports that between 2008 and 2014, 35% of the all murder convictions were illegal aliens averaging 472 murders each year from 2004 to 2008.Do you know the numbers for your state? Does your congressman, Senator, or Governor know those numbers? Of course not. If you are afraid of the answer, don t ask the question.There is widespread public ignorance of illegal alien crime in every state because the mainstream media does investigate such matters. Why? Because they do not want the public to think about such things. The media, from the Associated Press down to the Main Street News, does not even allow the phrase  illegal immigrant  to appear in print.So, the numbers are out there in the criminal justice system and correctional institutions, waiting to be compiled and published. State attorneys general and state legislators could access the data if they were interested, and so could the media, but they don t. In fact, in Colorado in 2006, the state legislature passed a law ordering the state Attorney General to compile accurate data on the costs of incarcerating illegal aliens and send a bill for reimbursement to the federal government. The state AG sent the feds a bill for only half the real costs   the cost of inmates in the state prison system and not the costs imposed on taxpayers by an equal number of inmates in county jails across the state.The US Department of Justice s Bureau of Justice Programs publishes an annual report on the State Criminal Alien Assistance Program, a report that includes data on the number of criminal aliens incarcerated each state prison system and each county jail. It takes some prodigious digging to find the data, but it is there.But our mainstream media, our self-described guardians of the First Amendment, consciously avoids the effort and declines to put a public spotlight on the problem or demand public scrutiny and public accountability. Why?The answer is that public debate on the problem of illegal alien crime does not serve the progressive political agenda. The issue is swept under the rug and anyone who raises it is called a racist.This is media malpractice of historic proportions, and publishers and editors are the unindicted coconspirators in those 7,085 murders.",0
21510,PC WORLD GONE MAD: HARVARD BUSINESS SCHOOL GRAD RUNS MARATHON WITHOUT TAMPON To Highlight The Sentiment Of Period-Shaming,"Yes, we did say she s a Harvard Business School graduate. Just goes to show, you can t buy brains Kiran Gandhi, who has played drums for singer M.I.A. and Thievery Corporation, decided to run the London Marathon without a tampon. Gandhi let her blood flow freely to raise awareness about women who have no access to feminine products and to encourage women to not be embarrassed about their periods. I ran the whole marathon with my period blood running down my legs,  the 26-year-old wrote of the April race on her website.Gandhi, a Harvard Business School graduate, wrote that she got her period the night before the big race and thought that a tampon would be uncomfortable while she ran. But that isn t the only reason she decided to let it flow. I ran with blood dripping down my legs for sisters who don t have access to tampons and sisters who, despite cramping and pain, hide it away and pretend like it doesn t exist. She added:  I ran to say, it does exist, and we overcome it every day. After the race, she took photos with her family and friends, wearing her period-stained running pants proudly.Gandhi tells PEOPLE that she decided to run without a tampon to highlight the sentiment of period-shaming and the language surrounding women s menstrual cycles. She wrote on her site that  on the marathon course, sexism can be beaten. If there s one way to transcend oppression, it s to run a marathon in whatever way you want,  she wrote.  Where the stigma of a woman s period is irrelevant, and we can re-write the rules as we choose. All photos courtesy of Kiran GandhiVia: People",0
21511,TARGET STORES TO REMOVE GENDER LABELS FROM KIDS DEPARTMENTS,"The LGBT Mafia and PC Police doing what they do best shaming Americans and businesses into conformity. Does anyone have the courage or fortitude to fight back, or are we just going to allow these PC thugs to strip our children of the genders God clearly assigned to each of us? Target Corp. is removing gender labels from most of its children s departments after customers complained about signs designating certain toys for girls.The kids  bedding section will no longer feature boy and girl signage, and the toy department will be without labels and pink or blue paper on the shelves, Minneapolis-based Target said on its website Friday. Gender labels will remain in the kids  clothing section because of sizing and fit differences.Retailers have been moving away from gender stereotypes, and some startups have emerged to break down the divide in kids  clothing and toys. The signage that sparked the dispute at Target was for building sets, like GoldieBlox, that are targeted at girls.  As guests have pointed out, in some departments like toys, home or entertainment, suggesting products by gender is unnecessary,  Target said.  We heard you, and we agree. Right now, our teams are working across the store to identify areas where we can phase out gender-based signage to help strike a better balance. In June, Ohio mom Abi Bechtel called out Target s gender designations in its toy aisle. She posted a photo to Twitter that showed store signs for  Girls  Building Sets  next to regular  Building Sets.  The outcry was swift, with angry shoppers calling for change. It stood out to me as a good example of the way our culture tends to view boys and men as the default, normal option and girls and women as the specialized option,  Bechtel told CNN at the time.Via: Bloomberg",0
21512,CHICAGO THUG PRESIDENT PERSONALLY LEAKED CHUCK SCHUMER’S OPPOSITION TO HIS DANGEROUS IRAN DEAL,"Schumer asked the President not to mention his decision publicly until he could make a formal announcement on Friday.If that s how Obama treats his closest friends who refuse to align with his reckless Iran deal, just think how he treats his enemies President Obama personally leaked news that Senator Chuck Schumer had decided to oppose his Iran deal, even after Schumer personally asked the President not to mention it until he could make an announcement Friday.During last night s widely-viewed GOP debate, word began to circulate that Sen. Schumer had decided to oppose President Obama s nuclear deal with Iran. The leak appeared timed to make sure the high-level Democratic defection Schumer is the 3rd highest ranking Democrat in Congress got as little attention as possible.A story at Politico confirms the leak was in fact timed for minimum impact, but not by Schumer himself. According to an unnamed source familiar with Schumer s decision, the Senator called President Obama Thursday afternoon to say he had decided to oppose the deal. Schumer asked the President not to mention his decision publicly until he could make a formal announcement on Friday. Politico s source was careful to emphasize that Schumer told no one else about his decision, meaning only President Obama himself could have made the decision to leak the story to the press.After word leaked out, Sen. Schumer issued a lengthy statement about his opposition to the deal on his website. The statement breaks his opposition into three parts. He writes that he finds the arguments for the deal over the first 10-years  plausible  but says the inspections regime has  serious weaknesses  and that the snap back of sanctions process is  cumbersome.  In addition, Schumer believes that after 10-years Iran will have a nuclear program approved by the United States. Finally, Schumer considers the non-nuclear parts of the deal and concludes,  When it comes to the non-nuclear aspects of the deal, I think there is a strong case that we are better off without an agreement than with one. Congress is expected to vote against the deal when they return from the August recess. However, that decision can be vetoed by the President. Congress needs a 2/3 vote to override that expected veto. That means the President needs just 34 Senators to take his side. So far he has at least twelve.But as a high ranking Democrat in line to become the next Senate leader of his party, Schumer s defection has the potential to weaken the resolve of other Democrats. Rep. Eliot Engel (D-NY) announced his opposition to the deal last night, shortly after word of Schumer s decision broke. For this reason, the White House had urged Schumer to avoid announcing his decision until the very end of the process, or at least after enough Senators had declared themselves to make it a non-issue.The spin coming out of the White House now is that Schumer s defection is a clear signal that a win for their side is inevitable. The thinking goes that an insider like Schumer wouldn t really put Obama s foreign policy legacy at risk, therefore his planned Friday announcement must be a signal that the votes are there to prevent a veto override vote without him. As Politico frames it,  Bad news is being taken as almost good news at the White House. Contradicting this claim is the fact that the White House seemed to be expressing some anger at Schumer earlier in the day. White House spokesman Josh Earnest suggested Friday that Schumer s defection could become an obstacle to his becoming Democratic leader after Sen. Harry Reid (D-NV) leaves the Senate. Other White House surrogates made similar noises.Via: Breitbart News",0
21513,AWESOME: PATRIOTS AND SHERIFF STAND GUARD As Feds Try To Confiscate Navy Vet’s Guns,"Do you hear that sucking sound? That s the Obama regime sucking more and more of your freedoms away every day In northern Idaho, residents are standing guard against a federal government determined to disarm those they deem  unworthy. About 100 locals in Bonner County are stationed outside the home of U.S. Navy Veteran John Arnold, including Sheriff Daryl Wheeler and two state lawmakers.Arnold, who lives in Priest River, received a letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs warning him he is not permitted to purchase or possess firearms, the AP is reporting.Rep. Matthew Shea of Spokane Valley, who described the event as a  defiance against tyranny. I took an oath to uphold the U.S. Constitution and uphold the laws of Idaho,  Wheeler said.  This seemed appropriate to show my support. I was going to make sure Mr. Arnold s rights weren t going to be breached. During Thursday s demonstration, the group at times broke out in song to sing  God Bless America  and pray while waving both the American flag and the  Don t tread on me  flag. With a population of just 1,700, Priest River is near the tip of northern Idaho- a region known for its strong tea party roots and gun-rights activism.Arnold had a stroke one year ago. In January, paperwork filed with the VA stated that Arnold was financially incompetent and could not handle his own affairs.Arnold claimed the box that was checked was done in error and he was always competent to handle himself. However, the VA said that due to the paperwork, Arnold was no longer allowed to buy, sell or possess firearms. If somebody else makes an error and they cause you grief they should fix it,  said Arnold.  That s all I want is that stuff to get fixed. The Department of Veterans Affairs can declare a vet  incompetent  by fiat if they so wish, in direct violation of the Second Amendment.Republican U.S. Sen. John Cornyn of Texas proposed legislation that would require court action before barring gun purchases by veterans declared incompetent.Via: DownTrend",0
21514,INSANE SALARY PAID TO PROGRESSIVE UNIV OF WISCONSIN’S “QUEER MIGRATION” TEACHER,"Because only a  Right Wing Nut  believes if you re paying a fortune to attend college, you should get an actual education The guiding principle of the University of Wisconsin is the Wisconsin Idea, a concept first outlined in 1904 by then-UW President Charles Van Hise who declared,  I shall never be content until the beneficent influence of the University reaches every home in the state. With the rise of the Progressive Movement, which pioneered populist and socialist reforms, the UW came to view the Wisconsin Idea as a mandate to use its research powers to influence and direct government policy.Today, the university proclaims:  The Wisconsin Idea is the principle that the university should improve people s lives beyond the classroom. It spans UW Madison s teaching, research, outreach and public service. With higher education costs skyrocketing and student loan debt hanging over graduates for decades after college, Media Trackers is launching a weekly feature that looks at individual University of Wisconsin professors and measures their area of research, and the classes they teach, against the standard of the Wisconsin Idea.Prof. Karma R. Chavez is an associate professor at UW-Madison s Department of Communication Arts. According to a UW employee salary database maintained by the Wisconsin State Journal, Chavez made $87,224 during the 2014-2015 fiscal year, and has achieved tenure at the school.Chavez teaches seven different courses, ranging from  Queer Theory  (CA 969) to  Queer Migrations  (CA 610) and  Rhetoric and Queer Theory  (also CA 610).Chavez takes pride in her work co-founding of the Queer Migration Research Network, and the UW s Comparative US Studies (CUSS) group.  I work with various grassroots social justice organizations and collectives,  claims on her official UW biography.The Queer Migration Research Network describes what it does as, Queer migration scholarship critically explores how sexual and gender normativities shape, regulate, and contest contemporary international migration processes that stem from histories of colonialism, global capitalism, genocide, slavery, and racialized patriarchy. In a 2012 essay, Chavez argued that academics and the media should work together to eliminate references to border security when discussing the southern border in the context of the immigration debate, and instead talk about  border militarization.  Chavez claims in her piece that,  President Reagan s administration was most responsible for rolling out the immense infrastructure that would lead to the most drastic border militarization.  She further claimed that border security efforts use military tactics to control targeted populations along the border.According to Chavez, the consequence of border security efforts to date has led to the rape of women, including rape perpetrated by U.S. border officials. She cites no proof of this shocking assertion, writing only that,  many migrant women have reported being raped under the conditions of militarization for reasons that would not exist if not for militarization. Put another way, Chavez claims that if the U.S. abolishes all border security efforts, women seeking to cross the border will no longer be raped by U.S. border officials or those who ply in the smuggling of humans across the border.A weekly radio host on WORT, Chavez recently hosted shows that criticized Israel s efforts to defend itself from the terrorist group Hamas and examined the  cultural history of American nudism. Nowhere on her website does Chavez try to connect the study of  queer migration  to the Wisconsin Idea of  improve[ing] people s lives beyond the classroom. Via: EAG News",0
21515,WHERE IS THE OUTRAGE? INDIEGOGO HOSTS FUNDRAISER FOR BLACK MAN AND BANK ROBBER WHO MURDERED WHITE COP AND MARINE VETERAN [Video],"Because #BlackCopKillersLivesMatter right?Supporters of Tremain Wilbourn, the Memphis ex-con accused of shooting Officer Sean Bolton when he interrupted a drug deal on Saturday night, have started an IndieGoGo campaign to funnel money to him and his family.Wilbourn turned himself in after a two-day manhunt.  I want you to know that one, I m not a cold-blooded killer and two, I am not a coward,  he reportedly told Memphis Police Director Toney Armstrong. The campaign repeats his claims and says that cops are waging  terrorism  on black communities, and so they have to support ex-cons who kill.The description of the campaign reads in full:This year, police have killed 558 people. 68% of those people were black. Most of them were unarmed. Police brutality and terrorism on the black community remains largely unchecked and less than 1% of those police officers who murder black people without cause are charged with murder or manslaughter.Tremaine Wilbourn turned himself in to police on Monday, August 3rd for fatally shooting a police officer during a traffic stop and he wanted to make clear two things: one- he is not a cold-blooded killer, and two- he is not a coward. While the murderers of Freddie Gray, Trayvon Martin, Eric Garner, 12 year old Tamir Rice, Sandra Bland and countless others are free to enjoy their families and lives, these men are no longer among the living.These barbaric, unjustified murders of black men, women, and children are supported under the rule of law. We have to step up and support our people like the murderers of these men, women, and children have been supported. Please donate anything you can to support Tremaine s children and his family during this difficult time for them.So far, the campaign has raised $116 with 12 funders out of its stated $61,000 goal. We have to support our people,  the campaign s founder,  PK EI  wrote as a comment.  If Darren Wilson can raise enough to put his children through college twice, we should be able to put together this change for Tremaine s family. We Should Always Support Our Own People, Especially When The Situation Is Grime And Questionable, Or When We Are Completely Within Our Rights. Because We Are All We have To Support Us,  reads another from user  thinkanotherway. The campaign declares that Wilbourn did in fact, shoot Bolton to death. If nothing else, its adherence to IndieGoGo s community guidelines is questionable:  Indiegogo is not a place for hatred, abuse, discrimination, disrespect, profanity, meanness, harassment, or spam,  the community guidelines read.  Do no [u]se the Services to promote violence, degradation, subjugation, discrimination or hatred against individuals or groups based on race, ethnic origin, religion, disability, gender, age, veteran status, sexual orientation, or gender identity. IndieGoGo did kill an April campaign helping a cop accused of murder: South Carolina police officer Michael Slager, charged for shooting fleeing suspect Walter Scott to death. Our Trust & Safety team regularly conducts verifications and checks and this campaign did not meet their standards,  the company said at the time.Via: Breitbart News",0
21516,IS HILLARY GOING DOWN IN FLAMES? Latest Poll Shows Her Losing Big Time Credibility With Her Most Important Voters,"The good news is the Clinton Crime Syndicate is finally starting to come apart at the seams. The bad news is socialist Bernie Sanders is gaining steam, Joe (the clown) Biden and  Fauxcahantas  (Elizabeth Warren) are patiently waiting in the wings Hillary Clinton s popularity is plunging among white women, a slice of Americans she desperately needs to win over if she is to become president.A poll released Tuesday by the Wall Street Journal and NBC News found that just 34 per cent of Caucasian females have a positive view of the former secretary of state. That figure has dropped 10 points in the last month.Her  unfavorable  number among the same group climbed by ten points. Now 53 per cent of white women in the U.S. simply don t like her. Even in America s suburbs, Clinton is  under water  by five points, with more of those voters seeing her negatively than positively.A similar dynamic is dogging her among college-educated white women, just 43 per cent of whom have a positive view of Clinton   compared to 47 per cent who view her unfavorably. A month ago she was in positive territory with that group, by a 51-38 margin.Barack Obama won the White House on the strength of a massive groundswell of black voters   something that won t likely repeat itself in 2016.Clinton still posts strong numbers among blacks, but those statistics, too, are slipping.Sixty-six per cent of them told pollsters that they view her favorably, compared with 15 per cent who disagreed. But a month ago the same question brought an 81-3 runaway love-fest.Black voters overwhelmingly choose Democratic candidates, but large numbers of them might not be motivated to vote at all if the party doesn t field a nominee whom they find appealing. Clinton s case for claiming the Oval Office is being hurt by growing scandals related to Clinton s private email server, her role in burying bad news about the Benghazi terror attack just weeks before the last presidential election, and foreign donations to her family foundation.Many Democrats have long hoped Hillary Clinton might expand Barack Obama s electoral coalition by drawing in more white women voters. There is no way you can say she s in the same position this month compared to last month,  said Bill McInturff, a Republican pollster who co-directs the WSJ/NBC News survey.  She s been dented and she s in a weaker position. The poll sampled opinions from 1,000 adults last week. It also found that self-described  independent  voters, those with no party affiliation who make up the crucial and uncommitted middle of the electorate, are solidly against Clinton on the favorable/unfavorable question, by a 27-52 margin.Even with her baggage and dwindling support among a few key demographic groups, Clinton remains the Democratic Party s odds-on favorite to be its presidential nominee.Her closest competitor, self-described  socialist  senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont, trails her by a 59-25 margin when Democrats. But that number might also be soft: In June her 34-point spread over the raw-emotion populist Sanders was 60.Via: Daily Mail",0
21517,TWO ILLEGAL ALIENS TO BECOME FIRST APPOINTED CITY COMMISSIONERS: Hope To Create More Opportunities For Illegals,"Is there really any point to go through the work and expense to become an American citizen anymore?Huntington Park may become the first city in California to appoint two undocumented immigrants as commissioners on city advisory boards, a lawmaker confirms.City Councilman Jhonny Pineda has picked Francisco Medina to join the health and education commission and Julian Zatarain for the parks and recreation commission.The 32-year-old lawmaker told CBSLA online producer Deborah Meron that he promised voters while running for office that he would create more opportunities for undocumented residents. Huntington Park is a city of opportunity and a city of hope for all individuals regardless of socioeconomic status, race, creed, or in this case, citizenship,  the councilman said in a statement.  Both these gentlemen have accomplished a great deal for the city. For that, on behalf of the city council, mayor, and our city, I want to say thank you to them both and I am confident they will do an excellent job on their commission posts. Pineda says he cleared the appointments with the city attorney, who confirmed there s nothing that requires a commissioner to be a registered voter, a documented citizen or even a resident, which technically means someone here without legal residency can serve.Appointees first pass a LifeScan background check.Medina and Zatarain would not be paid for the volunteer positions and would not have a direct hand in constructing policy but would help advise the council on legislation. Other commissioners receive a $75 monthly stipend on months when they hold meetings.Coming the same year that California allowed residents to apply for a driver s license, regardless of immigration status, this move is the latest in an effort to recognize an increasingly sizable demographic in the state.Pineda says at 13 years old he emigrated alone to the United States. He established legal residency and told Meron he feels blessed to have been able to come here and work. He s served as a district representative on the California State Senate and legislative assistant for the U.S. House of Representatives. He currently is president of the California Latino Leadership Institute, an organization designed for young professionals interested in leadership development and serving their community.A graduate from Cal State Dominguez Hills with a bachelor s degree in sociology and Chicano studies, Medina interned for then-Assemblyman Gil Cedillo, who now serves on the Los Angeles City Council, Pineda says. Medina also organizes immigration forums aimed a helping working-class communities.Pineda says the decision will be announced at the City Council meeting scheduled for 6 p.m. Monday and will become official after being processed by the council.Via: CBS Los Angeles",0
21518,"WHY HAS THIS MAN NOT BEEN ARRESTED FOR TERRORISM? BLACK MUSLIM LEADER, FARRAKAHN CALLS FOR ARMY OF 10,000: “Stalk Them And Kill Them (White Man)…The Koran Says Retaliation Is Prescribed” [VIDEO]",THE MOST HATEFUL BLACK MUSLIM MAN IN AMERICA is apparently allowed to give insane speeches in front of large crowds in America calling for the killing of white men in the name of the Koran and yet no one bats an eye? This is TERRORISM!,0
21519,BUSINESS OWNER LEARNS PAINFUL LESSON: Why Re-Distribution Of Earnings In The Workplace Doesn’t Work,"Socialism has never been proven to be a successful economic system. Yet here in America, Bernie Sanders, an avowed socialist is the clear front-runner in the Democrat party.When Dan Price, founder of Gravity Payments, announced that he would be cutting his $1 million dollar salary to $70,000 and that $70,000 would be the new minimum wage at his Seattle-based company, you can only imagine how excited his 120 employees were. Before his big announcement, the average salary at Gravity, a credit card payment processing company was $48,000. Everyone start[ed] screaming and cheering and just going crazy,  Price told Business Insider shortly after he broke the news in April.One employee told him the raise would allow him to fly his mom out from Puerto Rico to visit him in Seattle. Another said the raise would make it possible for him to raise a family with his wife. Overnight, Price became something of a folk hero   a small-business owner taking income inequality into his own hands.Newsmax    The market rate for me as a CEO compared to a regular person is ridiculous, it s absurd,  Price said, according to The New York Times.  As much as I m a capitalist, there is nothing in the market that is making me do it.               But in the weeks since then, it s become clear that not everyone is equally pleased. Among the critics? Some of Price s own employees.The New York Times reports that two of Gravity Payments   most valued  members have left the company,  spurred in part by their view that it was unfair to double the pay of some new hires while the longest-serving staff members got small or no raises. Maisey McMaster   once a big supporter of the plan   is one of the employees that quit. McMaster, 26, joined the company five years ago, eventually working her way up to financial manager. She put in long hours that  left little time for her husband and extended family,  The Times says, but she loved the  special culture  of the place.But while she was initially on board, helping to calculate whether the company could afford to raise salaries so drastically (the plan is a minimum of $70,000 over the course of three years), McMaster later began to have doubts. He gave raises to people who have the least skills and are the least equipped to do the job, and the ones who were taking on the most didn t get much of a bump,  she told The Times. A fairer plan, she told the paper, would give newer employees smaller increases, along with the chance to earn a more substantial raise with more experience.Gravity s web developer, Grant Moran, 29, had similar concerns. While his own salary saw a bump   to $50,000, up from $41,000, in the first stage of the raise   he worried the new policy didn t reward work ethic.  Now the people who were just clocking in and out were making the same as me,  he tells The Times.  It shackles high performers to less motivated team members. He also didn t like that his salary was now so public, thanks to the media attention, and he worried that if he got used to the salary boost, he might never leave to pursue his ultimate goal of moving to a digital company. Like McMaster, Moran opted to leave.But according to the Times, even employees who are  exhilarated by the raises  have new concerns, worrying that maybe their performances don t merit the money. (Arguably, this is evidence the increase is actually a good idea, potentially motivating people to achieve more.)For his part, Price   who s also under fire from other local business owners and his brother, who says Price owes him money   stands by his plan, but doesn t begrudge his critics.  There s no perfect way to do this and no way to handle complex workplace issues that doesn t have any downsides or trade-offs,  he tells the Times.  I came up with the best solution I could.  And certainly, many of his employees agree.Via: Business Insider ",0
21520,WATCH RESPONSES BY NH FOCUS GROUP TO QUESTIONS ABOUT TRUMP SHOCK MSNBC HOSTS,The answers to questions about Donald Trump by a room full of mostly Democrats and Independent NH voters leave these leftist MSNBC hosts in shock https://youtu.be/ylrpG-SLdEU,0
21521,EMBARRASSING: [VIDEO] DNC DINGBAT CAN’T TELL MSNBC HOST The Difference Between A Democrat And Socialist,"There used to be a difference. Of all people, Chris Matthews  should have known he was asking his party s chairman a trick question The chair of the Democratic National Committee was momentarily speechless after being asked an awkward question about her party and socialism on Thursday. What is the difference between a Democrat and a socialist?  MSNBC host Chris Matthews asked Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz (D., Fla.). Uh,  Wasserman-Schultz responded. I used to think there was a big difference,  Matthews said.  What do you think? The difference between the real question is what s the difference between being a Democrat and being a Republican,  Wasserman-Schultz said.Matthews didn t let her off easily. Yeah but what s the big difference between being a Democrat and being a socialist?  Matthews said.  You re the chairwoman of the Democratic Party. Tell me the difference between you and a socialist. https://youtu.be/fkr7DsQTwno The relevant debate that we ll be having over the course of this campaign is what s the difference between being a Democrat and being a Republican,  Wasserman-Schultz repeated.Via: WFB",0
21522,"HOLLYWOOD LIBS CREATE INSANE PROPAGANDA VIDEO FOR OBAMA: Warning Iran Will Bomb Us With Nukes If Congress Blocks Obama’s Deal,”Like a really dark unpleasant death toast”","Hmmm .If we didn t know better, we d almost think Obama and Valerie Jarrett had a hand in writing this whacked out script. Don t let some hot-headed member of Congress screw this up. ???This propaganda piece was clearly created for the low information voter A group of celebrities and public figures have come together in a new video to get behind the Obama administration s nuclear deal with Iran, urging the public not to let Congress  sabotage  the agreement.Actors Morgan Freeman and Jack Black joined forces with Queen Noor of Jordan and former US Ambassador to Israel Thomas Pickering to suggest that the result of the Iran deal falling through would have dangerous consequences.The video was produced by Global Zero, a non-profit organization with the stated mission of  the elimination of all nuclear weapons. It would be like a really dark unpleasant cloud of death,  Black says, referring to the possibility of a nuclear attack on the United States in a tongue-in-cheek manner.Queen Noor makes it clear that paranoia about Armageddon isn t what they are selling, though.  We re not actually worried about Iran dropping a nuclear weapon on the United States,  she says. It is true that if Congress sabotages this deal, there would be nothing stopping Iran from getting the bomb,  Pickering adds.  That would likely spark an arms race throughout the region. Ultimately, we could be forced into a war with Iran, another dangerous, drawn-out and expensive conflict in the Middle East with many lives lost,  says Freeman.Meanwhile, Natasha Lyonne from the popular  Orange is the New Black  TV show chimes in with:  Don t let some hot-headed member of Congress screw this up. Via: RT Since they were nice enough to give you Congress  phone number, we re going to do the same: 877-630-4032. We re going to ask that you make the call and DEMAND Congress STOPS Obama from making a reckless deal with Iran, a country who is still chanting  Death to America!   There s a reason we don t negotiate with terrorists and it s not because we don t want peace it s because we understand that a peaceful resolution can never be reached with people who only want to see your country wiped off the map ",0
21523,BREAKING: PLANNED PARENTHOOD PULLS A LAME PR STUNT AND GETS BUSTED,"Desperation has set in and Planned parenthood is resorting to messy stunts that try and make anti-abortion groups look bad. I just don t think these ghouls realize that no matter what they do, this is evil and wrong Planned Parenthood claims on several of its websites that the organization s web operations have been attacked by  extremists,  but this so-called hacking has all the hallmarks of an orchestrated public relations stunt.Numerous people on Twitter pointed to evidence suggesting that this so-called hack wasn t a hack at all:A review of the source code of the main page that appears at PlannedParenthood.org shows that as of 9:30 a.m. today, the page is listed as a  Campaign  and uses a specific template named  Site Down Tempalte  (the typo is theirs). The same page then directs visitors to the Facebook page of Planned Parenthood Action Fund, the political fundraising arm of the nation s largest abortion provider.And that s where Planned Parenthood s hacking facade begins to crumble. On the splash page declaring that the organization was hacked, visitors are asked  Why do you stand with Planned Parenthood  and invited to share their stories on a separate page.And wouldn t you know it, that page functions perfectly.What next Planned Parenthood, you gonna stage a fake bombing or arson at one of your abortion clinics as a fundraising hoax? I m sure your pals at the SPLC could supply a list of likely suspects to frame.It s just a shame these ghouls can t cry racism or homophobia. Hey, maybe they should expand their services to include sex change operations or  race reassignments . I bet Bruce Jenner and Rachel Dolezal would be onboard with that.Via: Blur Brain",0
21524,SHOCKING HYPOCRISY: THE MOST RACIST INDUSTRY IN AMERICA,"So much for tolerance and diversity How would you describe an industry in which the number of blacks employed has now dropped to 1968 levels?Think about it. In 1968 democrats were still fighting to keep blacks from being equal to whites. Actually the number of blacks employed in this industry is worse than in 1968 when you take their percentage of the overall population into account. In 1968 blacks accounted for 10.9% of the population. Today they constitute 13.2% of the population. So, what industry is the most rife with racism? The media.Is this just too delicious for words or what? The same media who inflate and lie about news stories in order to inject racism into the mix, themselves are the biggest racists in America. Today, only 4.78% of all newsroom employees are black. In 1968 there were less than 5% employed in the newsroom. So basically the same percentage despite the fact that there are many more blacks today that in 1968.Take a look at this White House press conference and tell me how many blacks you see:This is typical of liberals,  Do as I say and not as I do.  Alex T. Williams of the Columbia Journalism Review (CJR) breaks down the numbers for al minorities: The percentage of minorities employed in daily newspapers (the ASNE looks at black, Hispanic, Asian American, Native American, and multiracial populations) has increased from 3.95 percent in 1978, when the ASNE began conducting the census, to 13.34 percent in 2014. The Radio Television Digital News Association estimates that in 2014, minorities made up 13 percent of journalists in radio and 22.4 percent of journalists in television. Still, these figures are a far cry from the 37.4 percent of Americans that are minorities. It s not a matter of blacks not wanting to be newsroom workers. To the contrary, there are plenty of black college graduates who majored in journalism. It s just that the media won t hire them. More from Williams of CJR: Here, I found an alarming trend. Comparing the 2013 job placement rates, graduating minorities that specialized in print were 17 percentage points less likely to find a full-time job than non-minorities; minorities specializing in broadcasting were 17 percentage points less likely to find a full-time job; and minorities specializing in public relations were 25 percentage points less likely to find a full-time job. In contrast, minorities specializing in advertising were only 2 percentage points less likely to find a full-time job than their white counterparts.  Via: PC GraveyardSorry friends, the media may suffer from an inability to tell the truth, but these facts don t lie ",0
21525,WHY WOULD OBAMA’S SEND THEIR DAUGHTER TO NYC TO INTERN With A Self Described “Sexual Predator” Of Her Little Sister?,"Malia s internship with pedophile Lena Dunham comes on the heels of her taxpayer funded European tour to London, Venice and Milan with her sister Sasha, Mooch and of course, Mooch s mom (as no taxpayer funded vacation would be complete without).Dream job?Malia Obama has landed a summer internship on the set of HBO s raunchy show Girls during which she ll be working with actress and proud feminist Lena Dunham, according to a report in US Weekly.Specifically, a source close to the television show s production team told the magazine of Malia,  She s a fan, and she mentioned that to Lena [Dunham] when she came to the White House. I m not sure how long she ll be interning for. It s a bit of a trial thing for her. They ve known each other and discussed for a while. Lena and her get along great. The gig would make sense, as Malia was was photographed last week in Brooklyn drinking a soda on the set of Girls, though at the time it was uncertain whether she was working on the set or perhaps playing a guest role in an episode. Via: Red Alert PoliticsTruth Revolt: In her newly published collection of personal essays, Not That Kind of Girl, Lena Dunham describes experimenting sexually with her younger sister Grace, whom she says she attempted to persuade to kiss her using  anything a sexual predator might do.  In one particularly unsettling passage, Dunham experimented with her six-year younger sister s vagina.  This was within the spectrum of things I did,  she writes. anything a sexual predator might do to woo a small suburban girl I was trying. In the collection of nonfiction personal accounts, Dunham describes using her little sister at times essentially as a sexual outlet, bribing her to kiss her for prolonged periods and even masturbating while she is in the bed beside her. But perhaps the most disturbing is an account she proudly gives of an episode that occurred when she was seven and her sister was one.Here s the full passage (p. 158-9): Do we all have uteruses?  I asked my mother when I was seven. Yes,  she told me.  We re born with them, and with all our eggs, but they start out very small. And they aren t ready to make babies until we re older.  I look at my sister, now a slim, tough one-year-old, and at her tiny belly. I imagined her eggs inside her, like the sack of spider eggs in Charlotte s Web, and her uterus, the size of a thimble. Does her vagina look like mine? I guess so,  my mother said.  Just smaller. One day, as I sat in our driveway in Long Island playing with blocks and buckets, my curiosity got the best of me. Grace was sitting up, babbling and smiling, and I leaned down between her legs and carefully spread open her vagina. She didn t resist and when I saw what was inside I shrieked.My mother came running.  Mama, Mama! Grace has something in there! My mother didn t bother asking why I had opened Grace s vagina. This was within the spectrum of things I did. She just got on her knees and looked for herself. It quickly became apparent that Grace had stuffed six or seven pebbles in there. My mother removed them patiently while Grace cackled, thrilled that her prank had been a success.Dunham describes the book as a  work of nonfiction  in which  some names and identifying details have been changed.  She also states that she considers herself an  unreliable narrator,  which gives her some wiggle room on the truth of her accounts. As National Review s Kevin D. Williamson notes, this passage is  especially suspicious.  The one-year old Grace s  prank  is supposedly done with the expectation of her older sister  poking around in her genitals.   There is no non-horrific interpretation of this episode. UpdateAfter Lena Dunham went on a self-described  rage spiral  in response to this article, which she called  f*cking upsetting and disgusting,  her lawyer sent a cease and desist letter to TruthRevolt threatening to sue us for  millions of dollars  if we did not pull the piece and post a retraction stating that this story was  false.  TruthRevolt refused.Monday, TruthRevolt editor-in-chief Ben Shapiro posted a response to the cease and desist letter, which includes more of the passages from her book upon which our assessment was based and argues that  quoting a woman s book does not constitute a  false  story :Lena Dunham may not like our interpretation of her book, but unfortunately for her and her attorneys, she wrote that book   and the First Amendment covers a good deal of material she may not like.",0
21526,"[VIDEO] OBAMA TELLS HOMETOWN KENYANS: “I’m A Pretty Good President, And If I Ran For A Third Term, I Could Win”","We re not sure what s funnier, the fact that he talks about being a  pretty good president  or that he actually thinks anyone believes him when he says he can t run again because the Constitution prohibits it, saying: the law s the law.  When did this  President  ever let a little thing like the Constitution or the law get in the way of his agenda?",0
21527,"OBAMA’S ARMY: BLACK LIVES MATTER TERRORIST SHOUTS, “Burn Everything Down” IN LARGE ACTIVIST MEETING, AS CO-FOUNDER CHEERS [VIDEO]","And why is this person not up on domestic terrorism charges? Can you imagine a white person being caught on camera making such claims in a crowded room of white racists? Lorretta Lynch s DOJ would have already descended on them if the color of their skin was anything but black. We are witnessing something very ugly taking place in America, orchestrated by a man the majority of Americans voted for as their two-term president, because they actually believed he would make our country even better In rarely seen angle on the Black Lives Matter mob takeover of a NetRoots Nation Presidential Town Hall last weekend in Phoenix, Arizona, activists from the group scream explicit calls for violence and chaos, using an Occupy Wall Street style call-and-response technique to advocate  burn everything down,   shut this shit down,  and  rise the f*ck up. By the way, it s worth mentioning that spineless, pandering Democrat presidential candidate Martin O Malley was on the stage witnessing this whole scene unfold. Does anyone remember O Malley apologizing to the crowd following this event for having the audacity to say:  All lives matter ?The shouted manifesto lays bare the theory behind the burning, looting, and rioting that have transpired in recent months in Baltimore and Ferguson, and it also lays out the group s agenda on current news events like immigration reform, transgender activism, and the fables about the death of convicted criminal Sandra Bland that the group is spreading through the media.The nascent Black Lives Matter movement cannot claim that these statements were made by a few fringe members: the entire rant was orchestrated by Black Lives Matter Founder Patrisee Cullors, who can be seen in the video enthusiastically pumping her fist and shouting along with every incendiary statement.Nor is Black Lives Matter a fringe group; they have been embraced and given fealty by the highest levels of the Democratic power structure. Cullors told a British interviewer,  We re going into halls of power now. Many of us are meeting with mayors or meeting with local government. Some of us have met with President Obama himself to talk about the demands. Ms. Cullors  name appears on White House visitor records.Last week, Breitbart News exposed that convicted cop killer Assata Shakur is one of the heroes of the Black Lives Matter founders. Black Lives Matter pays homage to Cuban exile Shakur and quotes the Communist Manifesto at every single Black Lives Matter event.In one of the only cases of any coverage of the Black Lives Matter shrieks of angry poety at Netroots, CNN glossed over some of the crowd s chants in their reporting, but just as they did with Occupy movement, most of mainstream media has completely ignored the radical and revolutionary agenda revealed in Black Liver Matter s scripted call-and-response at NetRoots Nation. Even though the horde of screamers is surrounded by cameras, there has been no public criticism of Cullors and her folloers shouting  burn everything down,  nor any calls for her to apologize for her group s offensive statements.That media fail is unfortunate, because every American should hear who Black Lives Matter is, what they stand for and what they want, in the group s own words.Guided Transcript of What Black Lives Matter Said The group starts by pointing out that both leftist journalists like CNN s openly gay Don Lemon and mainstream racer baiting Democrats like the Reverend Al Sharpton and Rev. Jesse Jackson are actually too moderate for them:If I die in police custody do not let my parents talk to Don Lemon, Al Sharpton, Jesse Jackson or any of the motherfuckers that would destroy my name. Let them know that my sisters got this.Then another activist links the group with the LGBTQ political left. Black Lives Matter was founded by Cullors and two other women who self-identify as queer.The speaker makes reference to being called by  the name I choose, not the name I was given ; a familiar demand for anyone who has followed the recent Bruce  Caitlyn  Jenner controversy.If I die in police custody say my name, say my name  the name that I chose, not the one I was given. If I die in police custody make sure that I m remembered. Make sure my sisters are remembered. Say their names. Say their names. Marsha P. Johnson. [Unintelligible] Say their names! Say that Black Lives Matter! Black Lives Matter!https://youtu.be/raK8kI7oKW0Marsha P. Johnson is name used by Malcolm Michaels, Jr., a New York drag queen who died in 1992 in a death ruled a suicide. Johnson / Michaels was not in police custody.The group then turns to its pro-illegal immigration position. Two of Black Lives Matter s founders head up pro-Illegal alien groups.If I die in ICE custody say I am not a criminal. Stop funding prisons and detention centers! Shut ICE down and (unintelligible) jails and our prisons! Not one more deportation!The line about ending all deportations got huge applause and cheers from the Netroots.The group then begins to turn their screeched narrative into an emotional and paranoid attack on white people. In strident language, they shout their fear that  white supremacy  wants to kill black Americans en masse.If I die in police custody, know your silence helped kill me. White sumprecacy helped kill me. And my child is parentless now.If I die in police custody know that I want to live! We want to live! We fight to live! Black lives matter! All black lives matter!Then the mob makes a thinly veiled reference to Sandra Bland, a woman whose death the group has been exploiting and spreading false information and conspiracy theories about for several weeks.Bland s death in jail after she was arrested for assaulting a police officer was ruled a suicide, and an autopsy confirmed that suicide finding with physical evidence. The autopsy also revealed that Bland had a large amount of marijuana in her system.Additionally, Bland had made a previous suicide attempt, had spoken about depression in a video she d posted on social and during intake at the jail had written herself that she was  very depressed  that day. Further, Bland had had at least ten prior run-ins with law enforcement that had resulted in numerous conviction and over $7,500 in outstanding fines.Despite the mountain of evidence about Sandra Bland s sad history, the Black Lives Matter movement has continued to push the idea that Bland was an activist who was the victim of murder by the police. They push this narrative at Netroots with a series of calls to violent action:If I die in police custody don t believe the hype, I was murdered! Protect my family! Indict the system! Shut that shit down!If I die in police custody. Avenge my death! By any means necessary!If I die in police custody burn everything down! Because no building is worth more than my life! And that s the only way motherfuckers like you listen!If I die in police custody make sure I m the last person to die in police custody by any means necessary!If I die in police custody do not hold a moment of silence for me! Rise the fuck up! Because your silence is killing us!At this point, the group is interrupted by Netroots Nation official.As National Journal reported in a story that mentions none of these calls to violent action Netroots Nation itself announced plans to work with Black Lives Matter.For its part, Netroots declined to criticize the protest.  Although we wish the candidates had more time to respond to the issues, what happened today is reflective of an urgent moment that America is facing today,  the group said in a statement.  In 2016, we re heading to St. Louis. We plan to work with activists there just as we did in Phoenix with local leaders, including the #BlackLivesMatter movement, to amplify issues like racial profiling and police brutality in a major way. As the old song goes, see you in St. Louis. Bring a fire extinguisher.Via: Breitbart News",0
21528,IRONY: Only Political Party With Black Presidential Candidate Is Threatened By #BlackLivesMatter Co-Founder (Not George Soros),"Who knew the radical leftist #BlackLivesMatter activists had a co-founder?Who knew the only political party with a black Presidential candidate would be the target of the radical black left?Cullors was asked by guest co-host Janet Mock what her plan was for Republican candidates, specifically Jeb Bush, for calling  black lives matter  a  slogan. Cullors replied,  Trust and believe that any opportunity we have to shut down a Republican convention, we will. We will make sure that our voices are made loud and clear. Via: Breitbart News",0
21529,OBAMA IGNORES PLANNED PARENTHOOD BABY PARTS HARVESTER STORY…His DOJ Goes After Whistleblower Group Who Exposed Them,"Justice the Obama way Instead of investigating whether Planned Parenthood illegally trafficked baby body parts, Obama s DOJ is targeting the group behind the undercover videosThe U.S. Department of Justice announced plans to investigate the group that produced undercover videos showing Planned Parenthood employees admitting that they harvest and sell organs ripped from the bodies aborted babies. Politico reported the news of the coming DOJ investigation earlier today:JUSTICE TO PROBE CENTER FOR MEDICAL PROGRESS   While congressional committees investigate Planned Parenthood s practices, the Justice Department agreed to look into whether the group that released the sting videos obtained the footage legally. In response to a request by House Democrats, Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Wednesday afternoon that Justice would  review all of the information and determine what the appropriate steps moving forward would be.  Planned Parenthood has staunchly defended its practices and claims that the Center for Medical Progress illegally obtained its footage, then excessively edited it to misrepresent what the organization does. The DOJ investigation of the Center for Medical Progress, which, unlike Planned Parenthood, is not in the business of killing healthy, viable unborn babies in order to sell their organs for cash, was announced after several Democratic lawmakers called for the organization to be targeted:Four Democrats in Congress   Reps. Jan Schakowsky, Zoe Lofgren, Jerry Nadler, and Yvette Clarke   have written to Attorney General Loretta Lynch and California Attorney General Kamala Harris, asking them to open investigations into the Center for Medical Progress. The Democrats say the videos were filmed as part of an  elaborate scheme    using  fake identification  and without the approval of the Planned Parenthood doctor who appears in them. It s interesting that Lynch decided so early to make a statement about the group. There are certainly more videos to come, and if Planned Parenthood s panicked press releases are any indication, the footage may be far more damaging than anything that s been revealed thus far. However, given the abject politicization of multiple agencies under Obama s command   including the Internal Revenue Service, which targeted conservative non-profits, and the DOJ, which has been hesitant to investigate Obama allies   it seems unlikely that Lynch and those who report to her will ever crack down on Abortion, Inc.Via: The Federalist",0
21530,"WHILE OBAMA VACATIONS AND HANDS OUT A BILLION DOLLAR GIFT TO KENYANS, IRAN’S AYATOLLAH TWEETS PICTURE OF BARACK WITH GUN TO HIS HEAD","Hey Barry tell us again about what a great deal for America you cut with Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, Iran s supreme leader, tweeted a graphic Saturday morning that appears to depict President Barack Obama committing suicide by holding a gun to his head.US president has said he could knock out Iran s military. We welcome no war, nor do we initiate any war, but.. pic.twitter.com/D4Co7fVuVg  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 25, 2015 We welcome no war, nor do we initiate any war, but if any war happens, the one who will emerge loser will be the aggressive and criminal U.S.,  the quote attributed to Khamenei said. Khamenei oftentimes blasts the U.S. and Obama over Twitter, even after the U.S. and other world powers came together to reach a historic nuclear deal with Iran. US is the supporter& plotter of terrorism. #Iran has fought #terrorism, has slapped it,has hit in the head and will continue to do so. #ISIS   Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) May 16, 2015  The term  Great Satan  for US was coined by @IRKhomeini ; when you consider sb or an entity as Satan then it s clear how you should behave.  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) June 4, 2015US Govs accuse #Lebanon s #Hezbollah and resistance who are most devoted national defense forces of being terrorists. 1/2  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015US Govs are supporting terrorist, child-killer #Zionist regime. How can we negotiate and agree with such policies? 2/2  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015I have an advice for US officials. pic.twitter.com/HK27ReHh1V  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015US pres. said he could knock out Iran s army. Of course we neither welcome, nor begin war, but in case of war, US will leave it disgraced.  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015   I have an advice for US officials. pic.twitter.com/HK27ReHh1V  Khamenei.ir (@khamenei_ir) July 18, 2015 Via: The Blaze",0
21531,OH THE IRONY! PLANNED PARENTHOOD USES A FAMOUS CARTOON CHARACTER TO DEFEND ABORTION,"Babies in bags and in a freezer   yes, this is the reality of the abortion industry. This is what Planned Parenthood doesn t want you to see. The truth is difficult but thousands upon thousands of babies were killed last year at all stages of development but NOT just a big glob of cells these were little humans with feelings. It s the truth and NOT a cartoon .Just Google Late Term Abortion or just Abortion and you ll see plenty of examples of little babies literally ripped apart. Go ahead, I dare you THE TRAIL OF FETAL BODY PARTS USED FOR RESEARCHMaybe the undercover investigation conducted by the Center for Medical Progress needed to happen so people could see and hear the gruesomeness of Planned Parenthood s harvesting and sale of fetal body parts. Maybe it was too easy to ignore without video-taped evidence in plain, gory language.But anyone who has followed scientific research on the Human Genome Project, cloning, genetic, evolution, and stem cell research knows that the use of fetal and embryonic body parts and tissues is nothing new. Here, let me show you how the information is presented in scientific literature:Doing scientific lab work is much like cooking. The Materials and Methods sections, which all full scientific papers have, are kind of like cookbooks. There is often not enough room to detail all the steps in a full paper, so sometimes the rest of the story is given in Supplemental Materials. Science journal puts those in a separate document. The link is found at the end of the paper. Here it is, and you have to download the Materials and Methods to read them. Right at the top, there is the paragraph. Go ahead. Read it all: Human fetal brain tissue was obtained. The age of fetuses ranged from 12 to 13 wpc (12 wpc, n = 1; 13 wpc, n = 2) as assessed by ultrasound measurements of crown-rump length and other standard criteria of developmental stage determination. Human fetuses were placed on ice immediately after abortion and neocortices were dissected in ice-cold Tyrode s Solution (TS) and either processed for DiI labeling or fixed for at least 3 h at room temperature followed by 24 h at 4 C in 4% PFA in 120 mM phosphate buffer (pH 7.4). The 16 wpc human brain used for immunofluorescence analyses (shown in Fig. S8) was obtained from Novogenix Laboratories (Torrance, CA), following informed consent and elective termination. Developmental age was determined by ultrasound.Catch that? Novogenix Laboratories in CA is the company who comes to Planned Parenthood, signs the patients up, and collects the tissues to sell to researchers. They are mentioned in the Center for Medical Progress video. There s also Agilent Technologies and the list of infant body parts: Human Fetal Brain, Human Fetal Colon, Human Fetal Heart, Human Fetal Bladder, Human Fetal Kidney, Human Fetal Lung, Human Fetal Skin, Human Fetal Aorta, Human Fetal Skeletal Muscle.There s tons more to this article by Stacy Trasancos I ve edited out but and it should be required reading for every American. It should also make you want to throw up.There are Frankensteinian things going on in labs around the world and we re all supposed to apparently accept that because it s considered science, it s ok, because it s being done in the name of medical research, it s ok, because this is what the left sees to be progress, it s ok.It s not ok.It s evil.This photo is from Dr. Gosnell s abortion clinic:Isn t it ironic that Planned Parenthood uses a children s little cartoon character to fight the  bullying  from anti-abortion  minions ? It s interesting that this organization gets $500 million taxpayer dollars a year and can t seem to have an adult conversation about the truth of how they re profiting off of dead baby parts. So let s get real with Planned Parenthood and demand that they answer for their actions instead of hiding behind a kiddie cartoon character. Planned Parenthood is calling on everyone s favorite marbled-mouthed, yellow creatures for a PR rescue.THE GOVERNMENT FUNDED ORGANIZATION SENT OUT THIS TWEET: Friends who #StandWithPP: Stay strong. The anti-abortion minions want to bully us into silence. That s not happening.CLICK ON THE ARROW TO SEE:After the conservative group Center for Medical Progress released a video in which Planned Parenthood s senior director of medical services Dr. Deborah Nucatola is heard discussing selling tissue from aborted fetuses, the reproductive-rights group is urging supporters to stand tall against  anti-abortion bullies.  The hashtag #StandwithPP has gained steam on Twitter, with politicians like Illinois Rep. Tammy Duckworth, presidential candidate Hillary Clinton and House of Representatives Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi expressing their allegiance. The group has also launched a petition to stop Congress from stripping the organization of its funding. The movie studio Universal, which released  Minions,  did not respond to a request for comment, according to The Hill.Via: NYP",0
21532,BREAKING: IT TURNS OUT BOWE AND B.O. HAVE SOMETHING ELSE IN COMMON [Video],"Besides being a muslim terrorist sympathizer, it appears Bowe and B.O. have something else in common Why is this guy (who is still considered  active duty ) free to roam around while he awaits his trial? Has everyone forgotten the lives of 6 brave Army members were lost searching for this idiot? Additionally, gave 5 terrorists back in a deal to get this traitor back on U.S. soil, and we release him into the general public? Who s got time for remorse? It s party time for Bowe!Here are the 6 soldiers that were killed looking for Bergdahl: Here are the 5 Taliban terrorists we released in order to obtain Bergdahl:Bowe Bergdahl was detained as part of the raid but was not arrested. He was subsequently delivered to the Army in Oakland by Sheriff s personnel.Army deserter Bowe Bergdahl was caught this week at a northern California pot farm during a raid last weekend. The Politico reported:https://youtu.be/1duRQb1khkEArmy Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl was seen at a Northern California marijuana farm during a raid last weekend, where the former captive of the Taliban-linked Haqqani network in Afghanistan was reportedly visiting friends.According to the initial report from The Anderson Valley Advertiser, Bergdahl was an  unexpected visitor  at the Mendocino County farm, which is approximately 120 miles up the coast from San Francisco. He had  no connection to the dope grow,  according to that report.Authorities from the county sheriff s department confirmed to NBC Bay Area that Bergdahl did not face any charges and was not arrested during the raid.The initial report from the Advertiser said that military officials were notified, quoting county sheriff Tom Allman who said that Bergdahl was not involved in the growing of marijuana and was  above politeness,  showing his military ID as others in the house were being arrested. Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
21533,BREAKING: LA SHOOTER ADMITTED HE WAS OBAMA SUPPORTER…Media Still Attempts To Make Tea Party Connection,"Another horrible story about a deranged killer with mental health issues.  I Was For His (Barack Obama s) Re-Election, I Liked His Spending Lafayette officials identified the Grand Theater shooter as John Russell Houser from Alabama. WJBF reported:The gunman who opened fire inside a packed movie theater in Lafayette, Louisiana, Thursday night, was 59-year-old John Russell Houser, police said at a news conference today.Houser is among three people who died, police said.Nine others were injured.Houser is from Phoenix City, Alabama, and has no known connection to Lafayette, police said. Houser was described as a drifter by police, who said he had likely been in Lafayette since early July.The shooting occurred at the Grand 16 Theater on Johnston Street where a screening of Amy Schumer s  Trainwreck  was reportedly playing. Conditions of those injured range from non-life-threatening to critical and their ages ranged from the late teens to their 60s, Lafayette Police Chief Jim Craft said at a news conference.The shooting comes one week after James Holmes was convicted of killing 12 people and wounding 70 others in a movie theater in Aurora, Colorado.Police said they believed one person had been released from the hospital as of early Friday morning. They also said that one person was in surgery and not doing well.Houser was estranged from his family and had mental health issues.He applied for gun but did not pass the background check.Houser also supported Barack Obama.He wrote this in his Manifesto (why do mass murderers always seem to have a rambling manifesto?) I accepted this it came to me that the president is doing exactly what Tim McVeigh did, only the president is much more effective. The way I see it, the faster he wrecks this nation, which in no way resembles what it s founders envisioned, the faster working people with morals may re-assume command.ie I was for his re-election. I like his spending habits.etc Via: Gateway PunditA screen shot of the story from leftist rag,The Daily Beast:From the Daily Beast   Officials say they know little about Houser, and are requesting that people with information about him contact local authorities. A Google search for the name reveals a Tea Party Nation page registered to a person with that name. Authorities have not confirmed whether the page, registered in June 2013, belonged to the shooter. The owner of the Tea Party Nation page identifies his hometown as Phenix, Alabama. He appears to have called himself Rusty Houser on another forum in which he describes himself as  very conservative  and asks how to find white-power groups.And for good measure, the Daily Beast is doubling down on their unsubstantiated claim about the LA killer: ",0
21534,HULK HOGAN IS KICKED TO CURB BY WWE FOR SPECULATION OVER RACIST COMMENTS,"No actual verifiable evidence is available, but hey in a world where PC rules the day who needs to verify a story? ****Strong language warning (video)****Here s the WWE s statement:WWE terminated its contract with Terry Bollea (aka Hulk Hogan). WWE is committed to embracing and celebrating individuals from all backgrounds as demonstrated by the diversity of our employees, performers and fans worldwide.Why is not completely clear yet, although obviously the statement points to him saying or doing something that they found offensive.Some have speculated that it is due to this video from 2012, in which he talks about people s use of the term  nigga :https://youtu.be/oVyTgh_kBD0One would hope that they would not act so thoroughly and completely to sever the 30 year relationship over something as benign as that. But in present PC climate, one wouldn t doubt it.Others are pointing to another story, that he supposedly used the terminology  fucking n**gers  repeatedly on a tape filed in a deposition in a Florida court, this one would be much more problematic, where he calls himself a racist:At that point on the tape, the former  Hogan Knows Best  star bemoaned how a  black billionaire guy  had offered to fund his 27 year old daughter Brooke s music career.He also attempts to use bizarre, twisted logic in an attempt to justify his bigotry at the man. I don t know if Brooke was f*cking the black guy s son,  Hulk raved, the sources add. I mean, I don t have double standards. I mean, I am a racist, to a point, f*cking n*ggers. But then when it comes to nice people and sh*t, and whatever. Then, in a tirade to rival the racism embarrassments suffered by Mel Gibson and  Dog The Bounty Hunter,  Hulk unloaded even more hatred!According to sources, he said:  I mean, I d rather if she was going to f*ck some n*gger, I d rather have her marry an 8-foot-tall n*gger worth a hundred million dollars! Like a basketball player! I guess we re all a little racist. Fucking n*gger. Of course, according the original news source, THE NATIONAL ENQUIRER, these records are sealed in a Florida court so there is no actual evidence available to the public that can be used to verify this story.Via: Weasel Zippers",0
21535,DISABLED MAN WITH CANE CONFRONTS 3 PUNKS STANDING ON AMERICAN FLAG ON UCLA CAMPUS: What He Does Next Is Awesome! [VIDEO],"This brave man stood up to this ungrateful group of punks and did what every American should do when they encounter someone disrespecting our American flag.Although none of the UCLA students were willing to step in and help this disabled man with a can wrestle the American flag from these punks, they did (surprisingly) applaud his efforts.For the ultimate in hypocrisy, listen to the woman with the mega-phone at the 2:51 mark say  Obama says we are a nation of laws. This country was founded on slavery. The idiocy of this group hurts my head! ",0
21536,NEWSFLASH FOR OUR IMPERIAL PRESIDENT: STATES CAN REFUSE IRAN DEAL [Video],"As Barack Hussein Obama tours around the country trying to convince the low information voter that the lopsided and dangerous deal he and John Kerry cut with Iran is somehow beneficial to the United States of America he may want to consider the states can shut down his deal if they so choose to act.The Obama administration has sent the Iran nuclear deal to Congress for a 60-day review provided by the Corker bill. However, President Barack Obama has pre-empted Congress by going to the UN Security Council first, which has already voted to end international sanctions and accept the deal. Furthermore, even if Congress rejects the deal, it will struggle to muster a two-thirds majority to override the president s veto.There is one effective way, however, that the Iran deal can be rejected: states and local governments can refuse to comply with it.That may come as a surprise. States and local governments do not play much of a role in foreign policy. However, they cannot be forced to implement an international treaty or agreement that is not self-executing i.e. one whose implementation requires new congressional laws.Thanks to the victory at the Supreme Court by then-Texas Solicitor General Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)96% in Medell n v. Texas (2008), it is a settled principle in constitutional law that states cannot be forced to comply with international treaties unless Congress has passed statutes giving them effect.The Iran deal stipulates (p. 15):25. If a law at the state or local level in the United States is preventing the implementation of the sanctions lifting as specified in this JCPOA, the United States will take appropriate steps, taking into account all available authorities, with a view to achieving such implementation. The United States will actively encourage officials at the state or local level to take into account the changes in the U.S. policy reflected in the lifting of sanctions under this JCPOA and to refrain from actions inconsistent with this change in policy.The  sanctions  to which the deal refers are the array of divestment laws that have been passed in recent years to prevent pension funds and contractors from providing economic benefits to Iranian companies the Iranian regime. 30 states have passed divestment laws, roughly a dozen have passed contracting restrictions, and some have passed supplemental legislation, such as a 2012 law passed in California that applies to the state s insurance industry.Many of the states that have applied harsh restrictions on Iran, moreover, are liberal  blue  states. New York, for example, maintains a blacklist of persons  determined to be engaged in investment activities in Iran. As the state government explains further:  Once an entity appears on the list, it will be considered a non-responsive bidder/offerer and prohibited from entering into contracts with New York State or local governments.  That includes companies that are not Iranian themselves, but do business with Iran.The Iran deal lifts sanctions on some companies that appear on New York s blacklist. However, the state restrictions remain in force.The Iran deal obligates the federal government to take  appropriate steps  to cancel state and local restrictions, and requires the government to refrain from further sanctions in the future. The truth is that the federal government has no constitutional authority to do so.Divestment laws and contracting restrictions can remain in place at the state and local level until they are superseded by federal statute. The language of the Iran deal itself is not enough to constitute such statutory authority, even if the Iran deal does pass by failure to override Obama s veto.If the states want, they can add new sanctions and restrictions on Iran perhaps to replace those that the federal government is lifting, such as restrictions on Iranian engineers studying nuclear technology at American universities.The Iran deal specifies that Iran will treat  an an imposition of new nuclear-related sanctions, as grounds to cease performing its commitments.  That paragraph (27) deals with federal sanctions, but is written vaguely.That leaves great power in the states  hands to trigger the deal s collapse or force Obama to re-negotiate.Via: Breitbart News",0
21537,"[Video] TRUMP TO CNN’S ANDERSON COOPER “The people don’t trust you, and the people don’t trust the media”","Love him or hate him Trump s speaking up and saying the things conservatives in America have been dying for someone in the Republican party to say. Republicans just want a presidential candidate with a backbone. Is that too much to ask for? Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump took a jab at CNN anchor Anderson Cooper during an interview that aired Wednesday, telling him bluntly,  The people don t trust you. Trump grew visibly irritated after Cooper cited a poll that the Republican said he  didn t even know existed.  He also accused the anchor of focusing only on the  negative. I am leading across the board, and then you hit me with this poll that I didn t even see before,  Trump said.  Let me tell you, the people don t trust you and the people don t trust the media. https://youtu.be/114cA3Bm1SA Or politicians,  Cooper replied.Trump argued he was previously covered  accurately  by the media before he got into politics and stories about him were mostly related to finance and business. Those days are over, he said. I find that 60-70 percent of the political media is really, really dishonest,  he said. Via: Blazeh/t mediaite",0
21538,OBAMA’S AMERICA: INCOMING U.S. CITIZENS NO LONGER REQUIRED TO PLEDGE THEY WILL “bear arms on behalf of the United States”,"If it were up to this  President,  we wouldn t have any arms to bear U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services on Tuesday said it will no longer require incoming U.S. citizens to pledge that they will  bear arms on behalf of the United States  or  perform noncombatant service  in the Armed Forces as part of the naturalization process.Those lines are in the Oath of Allegiance that people recite as they become U.S. citizens. But USCIS said people  may  be able to exclude those phrases for reasons related to religion or if they have a conscientious objection.USCIS said people with certain religious training or with a  deeply held moral or ethical code  may not have to say the phrases as they are naturalized.The agency said people don t have to belong to a specific church or religion to use this exemption, and may attest to U.S. officials administering the oath that they have these beliefs.Via: Washington Examiner",0
21539,[UPDATE] THESE 3 COMPANIES Have Demanded Their Names Be Removed From Baby Harvester Planned Parenthood’s List of 40 Major Company Donors,"All of these companies should be ashamed to be contributing to a to a company that kills babies, then shamelessly negotiates for top dollar for their aborted body parts UPDATE:Until this Thursday, Planned Parenthood kept a list of corporate allies and sponsors on its website. Once Coca-Cola became the third corporation to ask to be taken off the list, Planned Parenthood took it down altogether.A snapshot of Planned Parenthood s donation page archived one day ago touts support from very large corporations:The news organization Daily Signal contacted several companies on the list asking about their purported donations to Planned Parenthood in light of videos revealing the organization s harvesting of fetal organs. Representatives from Xerox, Ford, and Coca-Cola deserted the abortion giant, saying they were  incorrectly listed as donors  They said their companies do not contribute to Planned Parenthood and do not match employee gifts to the organization. All three said they have contacted or will contact Planned Parenthood to be removed from its website. There are likely more desertions to come. Pro-life grassroots activists will likely keep calling and asking the remaining corporate giants from the list whether they support the sale of aborted baby parts for medical experimentation. But now that the list is down, the world will not know how many more corporations will ask to be taken off the list of Planned Parenthood supporters.Since the gruesome videos began to appear last week, news has gone from bad to worse for the abortion giant. Two Congressional committees are investigating, along with eight state governments. A bill has been introduced in Congress to withhold Planned Parenthood funding for one year. That would cost the $1.3 billion dollar a year nonprofit corporation $500 million. Via-Breitbart NewsIn the wake of two videos allegedly showing Planned Parenthood officials discussing the sale of aborted fetal body parts, Republicans in Congress are working to ensure that Planned Parenthood is stripped of its federal funding.However, it s not only the government that fills Planned Parenthood s coffers. According to 2nd Vote, a website and app that tracks the flow of money from consumers to political causes, more than 25 percent of Planned Parenthood s $1.3-billion annual revenue comes from private donations, which includes corporate contributions.2nd Vote researched the corporations and organizations to find which supported Planned Parenthood and found that more than three dozen donated to the group. Some companies donated directly, while others matched employee gifts.Forty corporations and organizations directly contribute to the group.Planned Parenthood has come under heavy fire following the release of videos from the Center for Medical Progress.The first video, released last week, showed Planned Parenthood senior executive Dr. Deborah Nucatola meeting with actors portraying buyers from a  human biologics company.  The  buyers  discussed the sale of fetal body parts with Nucatola over lunch.In the second video, Dr. Mary Gatter, president of Planned Parenthood s medical directors council, is seen negotiating the price of aborted fetal body parts.Here are the 40 companies that have directly funded Planned Parenthood. Via: Daily SignalAdobe American Cancer Society American Express AT&T Avon Bank of America Bath & Body Works Ben & Jerry s Clorox Coca-Cola Converse Deutsche Bank Dockers Energizer Expedia ExxonMobil Fannie Mae Ford Groupon Intuit Johnson & Johnson La Senza Levi Strauss Liberty Mutual Macy s March of Dimes Microsoft Morgan Stanley Nike Oracle PepsiCo Pfizer Progressive Starbucks Susan G. Komen Tostitos Unilever United Way Verizon Wells FargoEvery one of these companies should be called out for donating to this evil murdered baby parts for-profit organization. ",0
21540,BLACK ESPN SPORTS ANNOUNCER GOES OFF ON DIVISIVE LEFTIST NARRATIVE: “So what are we saying…That black lives matter only when we’re killed by somebody who’s not black?”,"Black ESPN host, Steven A. Smith defended Democratic presidential candidate Gov. Martin O Malley(D-MD) for saying  all lives matter  after he was booed by a crowd of Net Roots Nation members for saying:  All lives matter  in an awesome rant: Let me preface by comments by saying I am fully aware of the fact that no one white can say what I m saying, but dammit, I m gonna say it I have to say this, I guess rhetorically  to my brothers and sisters, because I am a black man. Where s the noise about all black lives matter when black folks are killing black folks? You see..that s where you lose me. So we mandate that they say: Black lives matter' but we got black folks dying at the hands of black folks and we re not hearing that. Don t get me started on the murders in Chicago, and to some degree throughout other parts of this country. I m just sayin  This is a sports show and I m gonna get back to sports. But ain t too many black men hosting a national radio show, and I just can t let this slide. All lives do matter. Now  black lives matter  resonates with us because of what we endured throughout our community. And I m not saying that somebody shouldn t say:  that  black lives matter.  What I m saying is, there s nothing wrong with somebody highlighting that  All lives matter.  That s not a reason for somebody to be booed. It s not a reason for a presidential candidate to have to apologize! Apologize?! Does anybody take a moment to realize how we look when we force someone to apologize for saying  All lives matter?  Do you have any idea how this makes us look? Especially when black folks are getting killed by black folks every day. And that s not to say that white folks ain t killing white folks, cuz that happens too. But black folks are killing black folks every day and we never heard  black lives matter. So what are we saying? That black lives matter only when we re killed by somebody who s not black? C mon now c mon now There s a presidential election coming up in a little over a year Let s keep our eye on the prize. Focus on the issues and stop allowing stuff like this to distract us.All lives do matter Black plus White, plus Hispanic, plus Asian plus Native Americans! All lives do matter!If you want someone to emphasize that black lives do matter fine, considering what we just went through. But don t act like they need to apologize for saying:  All lives matter, and then wonder why a nation rife with people who don t happen to be black don t appear care about enough about us! When we re not only caring about them, but we re not caring about ourselves enough to bring attention to that issue when we kill one another.I apologize for having to spend that kind of time on that particular subject and veering away from the subject of sports, but dammit, it needed to be said! ",0
21541,HEAD OF NATION’S TOP IMMIGRATION LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCY THREATENS Lawlessness In Sanctuary Cities Unless Amnesty Is Passed,"Obama s ICE Director Sarah Saldana is not the only one determined to help Obama fundamentally transform America. In 2013, Border Agents pleaded with Congress to not pass the  Gang of Eight  bill. They warned that passing it would make America less safe. ICE Agents warned:The 1,200 page substitute bill before the Senate will provide instant legalization and a path to citizenship to gang members and other dangerous criminal aliens, and handcuff ICE officers from enforcing immigration laws in the future. It provides no means of effectively enforcing visa overstays which account for almost half of the nation s illegal immigration crisis.WE WERE WARNEDU.S. Senator Jeff Sessions (R-AL), a senior member of the Senate Judiciary Committee, voiced his objections to Sarah Saldana s nomination in 2014 when he submitted the following remarks for the Congressional record on the nomination of Sarah Saldana as Assistant Secretary for Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE): Mr. President, I rise to speak in opposition to the nomination of Sarah Saldana. Ms. Salda a has been nominated to head the nation s top immigration law enforcement agency, which has been at the epicenter of this administration s refusal to enforce our nation s immigration laws.When asked whether she rejects the President s unlawful action to unilaterally grant legal residence and work permits to 5 million individuals illegally in the country, Ms. Salda a, currently the United States Attorney for the Northern District of Texas, responded  no.  Her answer reflects a remarkable disregard for the rule of law that demonstrates that, if confirmed, she will continue the pattern of lawlessness perpetuated by the President and the political leadership of the Department of Homeland Security.Breitbart News- President Obama s Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) director tells lawmakers that no consequences are planned for sanctuary cities until Congress first passes  comprehensive immigration reform.  Sarah Salda a testified before a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on criminal alien violence.After hearing emotional testimony from families torn apart by illegal immigrant murderers, Republican members of Congress grilled two administration witnesses: Leon Rodriquez, Director of United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), and Sarah Salda a, Director of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Both Rodriquez and Salda a have been tasked with carrying out President Obama s executive amnesty for so-called DREAMers, which includes work permits and medical benefits for low-income illegal aliens funded by citizen taxpayers.Sen. David Vitter (R-LA) repeatedly pressed Salda a on why the Administration was taking no action against sanctuary jurisdictions that refuse to turn over dangerous criminal aliens from their prisons and jails to federal law officers. Salda a replied that Congress would first have to pass  comprehensive immigration reform. Vitter:  This has been going on for years and you still are not prepared to say that there is ever going to be any negative consequence to those [sanctuary] jurisdictions. When is that going to change? Salda a:  I presume when you all address comprehensive immigration reform; perhaps it can be addressed there. Vitter described Salda a s answer as  ridiculous  and kept pressing:  And absent Congress passing that [Senate immigration] bill, that you and the Obama Administration prefer, you don t think right now we can stop sanctuary cities from flaunting federal law? You don t think right now there can be any negative consequences when they do not properly cooperate under existing federal law with immigration enforcement? Salda a gave a muddled reply:  That s what I understand that all of you are working on. Ironically, an immigration bill pushed by Senators Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) and Sen. Charles Schumer (D-NY) would have given amnesty to many of the criminal aliens the families who testified today wish to see deported. As Chris Crane, president of the National Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Council, noted at the time:Senator Rubio left unchanged legislative provisions that he himself admitted to us in private were detrimental, flawed and must be changed. Legislation written behind closed doors by handpicked special interest groups which put their political agendas and financial gains before sound and effective law and the welfare and safety of the American public. As a result, the 1,200 page substitute bill before the Senate will provide instant legalization and a path to citizenship to gang members and other dangerous criminal aliens, and handcuff ICE officers from enforcing immigration laws in the future. It provides no means of effectively enforcing visa overstays which account for almost half of the nation s illegal immigration crisis.Senator Grassley offered an amendment that would that would have barred gang members, such as the notorious MS-13 gang members who have wreaked havoc across the country, from getting amnesty but that amendment was defeated in the Judiciary Committee. The final bill 68 senators voted for therefore expressly made amnesty available to gang members   an amnesty that included access to green cards, welfare and the prize of U.S. citizenship.As The Washington Post reported at the time, this was part of a coordinated effort by members of the Gang of Eight to quash amendments that might have damaged the likelihood of the bill s speedy passage:The eight met in private before each committee hearing, hashing out which amendments they would support and which oppose as a united coalition. Senate aides said amendments were rejected if either side felt they would shatter the deal.Politico confirmed this report:During the Judiciary Committee markup in May, the Gang routinely met to decide which amendments they would support or oppose. In one meeting, the senators thought they had all agreed to defeat a proposal from Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL) to require a biometric exit and entry at points of entry before undocumented immigrants could secure green cards, according to one Senate Democratic aide.The day the bill passed the Senate, National Citizenship and Immigration Services Council president Ken Palinkas and president of the National ICE Council Chris Crane, who together represent more than 20,000 Department of Homeland Security (DHS) employees on the front line of immigration enforcement, issued this joint statement:ICE officers and USCIS adjudications officers have pleaded with lawmakers not to adopt this bill,  they wrote,  The Schumer-Rubio-Corker-Hoeven proposal will make Americans less safe and it will ensure more illegal immigration especially visa overstays in the future. It provides legalization for thousands of dangerous criminals while making it more difficult for our officers to identity public safety and national security threats. The legislation was guided from the beginning by anti-enforcement special interests and, should it become law, will have the desired effect of these groups: blocking immigration enforcement. This is anti-public safety bill and an anti-law enforcement bill.Immigration and the transformation of America is shaping up to be the most passionate issue of the 2016 race.When Governor. Scott Walker (R-WI) was question by a DREAMer during a recent campaign stop and said illegal aliens seeking to become Americans needed to return home. He also suggested at the same stop that foreign worker visas should be limited when American jobs and wages are in danger, a position that polls well with liberals and conservatives alike.Via: Breitbart News",0
21542,OBAMA’S DREAM TEAM: ILLEGAL ALIEN DRUG DEALERS SUSPECTED Of KILLING Innocent Woman Sleeping In Apt Below Illegals [VIDEO],"This news comes on the heels of Obama s  release the drug offenders in prisons  tour. All part of the fundamental transformation of America President Barack Obama s gutting of enforcement of immigration laws claimed another life, this time in Lawrence, Massachusetts.Mirta Rivera, a 41-year-old nurse and grandmother who was an American citizen born in Puerto Rico, was shot and killed early in the morning on July 4 as she lay in her bed by a bullet that came through the ceiling of her apartment beneath illegal alien drug dealers, according to police. Three men have been arrested, two of them are illegal aliens. Both men were known to be illegal aliens and freed by the Obama administration.Illegal aliens Jose Lara-Mejia (white t-shirt) and Wilton Lara-Calmona (plaid shirt) in court. Photo, WHDH-TV.The Boston Herald has done in depth reporting on the case which has been ignored by the national media. Deportation orders failed to oust two illegal immigrants who are now up on drug charges and under investigation in the July 4 shooting death of a Lawrence grandmother   in an alarming case that critics say illustrates a revolving immigration door with dangerous consequences. Dominican Republic nationals Wilton Lara-Calmona and Jose M. Lara-Mejia were arrested on drug charges by police investigating the shooting death of Mirta Rivera, 41. The Lawrence nurse was killed in her sleep by a gunshot fired through the ceiling from an upstairs apartment, where both men lived. But Immigration and Customs Enforcement records reviewed by the Herald show the men shouldn t have been in the country in the first place. Lara-Calmona, 38, was deported in April 2012 and arrested for re-entering the country last November, the records show. Lara-Mejia, 35, was nabbed crossing the border in August 2013 and ordered deported in April 2014, but had remained in the country illegally. ICE spokesman Shawn Neudauer confirmed that Lara-Mejia  was ordered removed by a federal immigration judge on April 9, 2014, after failing to appear before the immigration court. He was considered an ICE fugitive until his July 4, 2015, arrest by local authorities in Lawrence, Massachusetts. 7News Boston WHDH-TV  7News Boston WHDH-TVThe Boston Globe reported on the shooting and preliminary charges. Mirta Rivera was asleep Saturday morning when a bullet pierced through a hardwood floor in the apartment above, hitting her in the abdomen, traveling through her mattress and into the floor before bouncing back into her box spring. Rivera s boyfriend, Jorge Villalta, and responding officers tried to save her, but the 41-year-old woman was pronounced dead at Lawrence General Hospital. Moments after the shooting, police discovered a bullet hole in the ceiling above Rivera s bed, leading officers to a second-floor unit where they found three men, a woman, heroin and cocaine worth about $75,000, a scale, material for packaging drugs and firearms. When officers entered the unit around 4:26 a.m., the fresh stench of gunpowder hung in the air, police said. Christopher Paganmoux, 23; Jose Lara-Mejia, 35; and Wilton Lara-Calmona, 38, were arraigned on charges of trafficking in heroin over 200 grams, trafficking in cocaine over 14 grams, and possession with intent to distribute a Class A substance near a school or park, according to court records. Lawrence District Court Judge Lynn Rooney ordered Paganmoux, who faces an additional charge of trafficking heroine over 14 grams, held on $250,000 cash bail. Lara-Mejia and Lara-Calmona were ordered held on $500,000 cash bail. Police found a black handgun between the mattress and box spring of a bed in the apartment on Exchange Street, court records show, as well as drug paraphernalia and a rifle. A  mushroomed  bullet found in Rivera s box spring matched the rifle and a casing that was found, police said. Via: BizPac Review",0
