id,title,text,label
15531,TRUMP RESPONSE TO LEFTIST THREATS: “Get Off My Lawn”,"It s actually quite refreshing to see someone on the right who is unafraid to take off the gloves. His message to those who support amnesty is pretty clear and he s not backing down to political pressure from the left. Firing back at Univision for its refusal to air his Miss USA and Miss Universe pageants, the outspoken mogul and GOP presidential candidate has barred anyone who works for Univision from the greens of his Miami golf course.In a letter Friday to Randy Falco, Trump advised the Univision CEO that  under no circumstances is any officer or representative of Univision allowed to use Trump National Doral, Miami   its golf courses or any of its facilities. Trump also demanded that Falco, whose company s Miami office is next door to Trump National Doral,  immediately stop work and close the gate which is being constructed between our respective properties.  Trump gave Falco one week to take care of that matter, or  we will close it. The letter was dispatched a day after Univision declared it was canceling its coverage of the Miss USA pageant July 12 on its UniMas network as well as the Miss Universe pageant, which had been scheduled to air on the flagship Univision channel next January, and was severing its business relationship with the Miss Universe Organization, which produces both pageants. The reason: what Univision called  insulting remarks about Mexican immigrants  recently voiced by Trump, a part owner of Miss Universe.During his presidential campaign kickoff speech last week, Trump had portrayed immigrants from Mexico as  bringing drugs, they re bringing crime, they re rapists, and some, I assume, are good people.  He also called for building a wall along the southern border of the U.S. The remarks drew condemnation from the Mexican government as  biased and absurd,  and sparked Univision s announcement.Trump, who has said his criticism was directed against U.S. policymakers, not the Mexican people or its government, stated Thursday that Univision would be defaulting on an ironclad contract if it doesn t air the pageants. He pledged to take legal action against the company.He also accused the New York-based Univision of having ties to Mexico that led the network to submit to pressure from Mexican leaders to punish him for pro-U.S. positions he expresses as a presidential candidate. They don t want me saying that Mexico is killing the United States in trade and killing the United States at the border,  Trump had said.In a P.S. to his letter, which was addressed to Univision s Manhattan headquarters, Trump continued on that track.  Please congratulate your Mexican Government officials for having made such outstanding trade deals with the United States,  he wrote Falco.  However, inform them that should I become President, those days are over. We are bringing jobs back to the U.S. Also, a meaningful border will be immediately created, not the laughingstock that currently exists. The letter was signed,  Sincerely, Donald J. Trump. When asked for comment on Trump s letter, Univision seemed to be treating it as par for the course.A memo to Univision management on Thursday directed that, as part of the company s decision to cut ties with Miss Universe, employees  should not stay at Trump properties while on company business or hold events/activities there. ",0
15532,COMMIE GEORGE SOROS AND CLINTON LAWYER MAKE A PUSH TO OVERTURN VOTER ID LAWS IN SEVERAL STATES,"George Soros is sticking his nose into voter ID laws and throwing money into lawsuits in several states to get the law overturned. Is this a true effort to overturn the laws or just an effort to gin the base up to vote? There s absolutely nothing wrong with having voter ID! Soros needs to slither away .Hillary Clinton s top campaign lawyer is behind a multi-state push challenging voter identification laws implemented in recent years, efforts that are expected to reach numerous other states ahead of the 2016 elections.Marc Elias, a top campaign lawyer for Hillary Clinton and a partner at the Washington, D.C., law firm Perkins Coie, has filed lawsuits in three states thus far. The nationwide campaign is being fueled with money from the liberal billionaire George Soros.Elias first began exploring the possible challenges back in January 2014. Soros then became involved, vowing to throw his weight behind the effort in collaboration with Elias. We hope to see these unfair laws, which often disproportionately affect the most vulnerable in our society, repealed,  Soros told the New York Times. It is disingenuous to suggest that these laws are meant to protect against voter fraud, which is nearly nonexistent,  Soros political adviser Michael Vachon added.  Clearly they are meant to give Republicans a political advantage on Election Day. Soros has pledged $5 million to propel the campaign. Elias did not return a request for comment concerning his dealings with Soros or the total number of lawsuits they plan on bringing forward. A request for comment from George Soros s press office was also not returned by press time.Democrats ramped up their efforts last month to challenge voter ID laws implemented by Republican legislatures and governors, claiming that the laws disenfranchise minority voters.The first in the series of lawsuits was filed in Ohio on May 8. Three weeks later, on June 1, a second suit was filed in Wisconsin. On June 11, a third lawsuit was filed in Virginia. Further suits are expected to follow in other states.Elias is working independently on behalf of his firm, Perkins Coie, though the Clinton camp supports the effort. Perkins Coie has pulled in more than $40 million from Democratic clients since 2000.The suits came as Hillary Clinton made comments about voting in a number of public speeches.During a speech in Houston on June 4 at historically black Texas Southern University, Hillary Clinton called for a universal, automatic voter registration for 18-year-olds along with early voting up to 20 days before an election. I call on Republicans at all levels of government with all manner of ambition to stop fear-mongering about a phantom epidemic of election fraud and start explaining why they re so scared of letting citizens have their say,  Clinton said during the speech.True the Vote, a right-leaning vote-monitoring organization, sees the campaign as a political stunt to rile up apathetic voters who may not have the same excitement for Clinton as they did for Obama.Read more: WFB",0
15533,[VIDEO] HECKLERS TAUNT HILLARY AT CAMPAIGN STOP: “Who wiped the blood off your hands Hillary?”,"Hillary got a bit of a surprise while leaving a campaign stop in St. Louis this week.https://youtu.be/NLGeCC4rR1M Who wiped the blood off your hands Hillary? Was it the same people who wiped your servers? How many cell phones do you have today Hillary?  At the end of the video, a woman can be heard screaming over and over again:  Benghazi, Benghazi, Justice for Benghazi you left four of our men to die four Americans dead, thanks to Hillary never forget ",0
15534,REPUBLICAN PROPOSES HOUSE BILL TO FORCE Supreme Court Justices And Employees To Join Obamacare,"Of course, we d be okay with excluding three of the Justices who didn t go along with the rubber stamping of Obama s reckless socialized medicine plan. While we re at it, it s only fair for Barry and his family to be forced to use his signature  Obamacare  insurance plan as well A House Republican on Thursday proposed forcing the Supreme Court justices and their staff to enroll in ObamaCare.Rep. Brian Babin (R-Texas) said that his SCOTUScare Act would make all nine justices and their employees join the national healthcare law s exchanges. As the Supreme Court continues to ignore the letter of the law, it s important that these six individuals understand the full impact of their decisions on the American people,  he said.  That s why I introduced the SCOTUScare Act to require the Supreme Court and all of its employees to sign up for ObamaCare,  Babin said.Babin s potential legislation would only let the federal government provide healthcare to the Supreme Court and its staff via ObamaCare exchanges. By eliminating their exemption from ObamaCare, they will see firsthand what the American people are forced to live with,  he added.His move follows the Supreme Court s ruling Thursday morning that upheld the subsidies under ObamaCare that are provided by the government to offset the cost of buying insurance.The 6-3 decision, authored by Chief Justice John Roberts, said consumers purchasing health insurance from the federal exchange in roughly 34 states could continue to do so.The ruling in King v. Burwell has spurred anger on the right, with conservatives questioning the logic of the decision. They deserve an Olympic medal for the legal gymnastics,  Rep. Joe Pitts (R-Pa.), the chairman of the House Energy and Commerce Health Subcommittee, told The Hill.Roberts argued in his decision that eliminating subsidies would have pulled state healthcare markets into a death spiral. That chain of effects, he added, was not consistent with ObamaCare s intent. The argument that the phrase  established by the State  would be superfluous if Congress meant to extend tax credits to both State and Federal Exchanges is unpersuasive,  he wrote.Justice Antonin Scalia strongly criticized that interpretation in his dissent. We should start by calling this law SCOTUScare,  he wrote, lambasting Roberts for the ObamaCare decision in 2012 declaring the law s mandate that people buy insurance constitutional.Via: The Hill ",0
15535,[Video] BLACK CHAMBER OF COMMERCE PRESIDENT SAYS OBAMA’S ‘Clean Power Plan’ Will Increase Black Poverty By 23 Percent,"America s  First Black President  continues to destroy employment opportunities for the black community We ve got a bad guy in the family, but protect him because he s family.  We ve got to wake up, slap ourselves and wake up. This is America and everybody s involved in this and if our children are hurting, it s our responsibility to find someone who understands that pain, feels it like Bill Clinton would say. This guy doesn t feel it. In fact he issues a lot of that pain, with a smile.  Harry Alford, Black Chamber of Commerce President (Hannity, February 26, 2013)",0
15536,SAY WHAT? AMAZON TELLS CUSTOMER THEY WERE FORCED BY FEDERAL GOVERNMENT To Remove Confederate Flag From Website,"When it comes to limiting our free speech, nothing this lawless government does should surprise us. Under  normal  circumstances, I would question the validity of this claim, but we are no longer living under  normal  circumstances Amazon.com staff are telling irate customers that the company was ordered by the federal government not to sell items featuring the Confederate flag in the aftermath of the Charleston shooting.Amazon made the announcement this week, along with eBay, Sears and Walmart, that it would no longer sell products bearing the rebel flag, but according to a conversation posted on YouTube between a customer and an Amazon sales rep, the decision could have been made as a result of pressure from the government.At first the Amazon staffer claims that the items were banned because they were deemed to be offensive, but when pressed by the customer, the sales rep tells a different story. Is this a political statement by Amazon.com or is this a directive that you re following, that the government said you know we want you guys not to sell these anymore?  asks the caller. The government is not allowing us to sell this Confederate flag,  responds the staffer. So the government is not allowing you .to sell it?  asks the caller, to which the sales rep responds,  yes. So Amazon is not making a political statement, this is something the government told you to do?  questions the caller. Exactly,  responds the staffer.Via: InfoWars",0
15537,#EarthDay FLASHBACK: Obama’s Gas-Guzzling Air Force One Trip To The Everglades,"This is insane! Obama uses a gas guzzling plane to fly to Florida to bash Republicans about global warming? The hypocrisy isn t lost on anyone here. Thanks to Judicial Watch for always being the one giving us the cold hard truth about the over-the-top spending with this administration. Note the total cost of since 2009 at the bottom of the article. President Obama s Earth Day Air Force One flights cost taxpayers with more than $800,000, according to newly released documents by Judicial Watch.The documents, obtained using the Freedom of Information Act, show Air Force One runs a cost of $206,377 per hour to operate. Obama s trips to and from Miami to deliver his speech in the Florida Everglades totaled 4.2 hours, costing taxpayers $866,615.40. Additionally, Air Force One used 9,180 gallons of jet fuel.During Obama s Earth Day speech, he assailed Republicans on global warming. The irony of using Air Force One for an unnecessary jaunt to discuss global warming aside, these documents show that taxpayers are being gouged for President Obama s abuse of the perks of office,  said Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton.  Taxpayers should not be forced to foot the bill for his continual savaging of political opponents. Using FOIA s and subsequent lawsuits, Judicial Watch discovered the Obamas and Bidens have spent more than $40 million in taxpayer dollars on trips since 2009.Via: WFB",0
15538,FORMER GEORGIA CONGRESSMAN AND “DUKES OF HAZZARD” ACTOR DEFENDS THE CONFEDERATE FLAG,"Former Democrat Congressman Ben Jones (1989 to 1993) who played the character  Cooter  on the 1970s TV series  The Dukes of Hazzard  posted a message on Facebook defending the Confederate flag. Jones now operates a museum and sells merchandise connected with the show, including Confederate related items.To all our friends and fans from Ben Jones, AKA  Cooter I think all of Hazzard Nation understands that the Confederate battle flag is the symbol that represents the indomitable spirit of independence which keeps us  makin  our way we know how. The flag on top of the General Lee made a statement that the values of the rural south were the values of courage and family and good times.Our beloved symbol is now being attacked in a wave of political correctness that is unprecedented in our nation of free speech and free expression. Activists and politicians are vilifying Southern culture and our heritage as being bigoted and racist. We know that this is not the case, and we know that in Hazzard County there was never any racism.Thought the flag has been removed from such places as Walmart, Target and Amazon, it will never be removed form any of our Cooter s stores and museums. We are all the same good people today that we were last week and last year and we are not going to be shamed into turning our backs on our heritage and our convictions.We are not racists. We despise racism and bigotry. And we think the people who are creating this  cultural cleansing  are the real bigots in this story.When we say our flag stands for  heritage, not hate  and  pride, not prejudice,  we mean it. And we believe that old saying,  You can t know where you are going if you forget where you came from.Cooter s is going to continue to sell our southern symbols as long as there is a Cooter s. I will fight these people until hell freezes over, and then I will fight them on the ice.",0
15539,DEMOCRATS THREATEN KIDS EDUCATION: CHICAGO TEACHERS UNION DEMANDS RAISES AS Chicago Public Schools Run Out Of Money In One Week,"It s painful to watch the stupidity and irresponsibility of the Democrats who run the city of Chicago along with Chicago Teachers Union president, Karen Lewis, one of the most hard-core radical, leftist s in the business. It s T-minus one week for Chicago Public Schools.As schools let out for the summer, CPS administrators are scrambling to come up with a more than $600 million teacher pension payment due at the end of the month and the district has zero reserves, according to media reports.The problem is further compounded by a more than $1 billion school budget shortfall for the next fiscal year and an angry teachers union hell bent on securing another raise the district can t afford. With no plan, no money and no where to turn, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel seems to be focused solely on a state bailout as the solution. Springfield has to step up and help in this case, not only as it relates to just the pension payment, (but also) the educational opportunities of our children,  Emanuel said, according to the Chicago Tribune.  Because a payment will then begin to impact   the classroom. And CTU could soon partner with its mortal enemies at City Hall to lobby state lawmakers for more money. Right now, the district needs us,  CTU VP Jesse Sharkey told the news site.  The politics of (Chicago Mayor) Rahm Emanuel going to Springfield are a lot different than the politics of Rahm Emanuel and (CTU President) Karen Lewis going to Springfield. The dire financial situation comes amid a federal investigation into a $20 million no-bid contract to a previous employer of former CPS superintendent Barbara Byrd-Bennett, who resigned this month. It feels like a complete mess,  Better Government Association senior editor Sarah Karp told ABC 7.Karp doesn t think recently elected Republican Gov. Bruce Rauner, who ran on a platform of fiscal restraint and criticized union influence in Illinois, is receptive to calls for a bailout. He previously suggested that bankruptcy may be the best way out for CPS, ABC 7 reports. Now, Chicago Public Schools does not have somebody in the State House that is a Democrat or is seemingly sympathetic at all to what s going on here,  Karp said.Meanwhile, school ended for the summer on Friday, and principals around the city are left scratching their heads in planning for next school year. Normally you do your planning in the summer and you can t do too much planning without the actual dollar amount,  Coles Language Academy principal Jeff Dase told ABC 7.Dase said many Chicago principals are concerned that the budget turmoil, and looming possibility of layoffs and program cuts, could convince many of the city s teachers to seek jobs elsewhere.The Tribune reports the city council could authorize CPS to increase taxes on residents, or secure some sort of bailout, or negotiate concessions with CTU, but not even all three combined could put the budget back on track. And then there s another $228 million payment coming due for costs related to interest rate swaps on the district s debt.    (E)ven if CPS wins concession from the City Council, state lawmakers and CTU, the district won t be able to close its annual $1 billion budget gap, according to a May 22 report by Ernst & Young, which spent four weeks meeting with school finance officials and analyzing budget documents,  the Tribune reports. The report shows that even with a capital improvement tax, a separate, even-larger property tax increase, additional state aid, increased state funding of teacher pensions, concessions from the CTU and $150 million with of budget cuts, CPS would still face an annual $350 million shortfall. Next June s teacher pension payment is set to balloon to $700 million. Via: EAG News",0
15540,(Video) Conservative Pundit: Liberals Are Making Gains Because ‘More Americans Are Simply Ignorant’,"While I m not a huge O Reilly fan, I do believe this comment is true. I think many Americans are either too busy to dig deep on the issues or they are apathetic to them. 2016 will be the most important election in deciding the direction we want to go in. Socialism? Do we really want to be Greece? I vote HELL NO! If you feel the same way then make an effort to inform everyone you know about the difference between Conservatism and Liberalism. It s not about electing a woman for president but about electing the BEST person for the job. Hillary is not that person! ",0
15541,[VIDEO] CNN CO-ANCHOR CHRIS CUOMO’S OBVIOUS OBSESSION WITH DISCREDITING BLACK GOP CANDIDATE BEN CARSON Would Be Considered “Racist” If Carson Was A Democrat,"Where s the outcry from the left about the mistreatment and relentless badgering of black conservative GOP presidential candidate, Dr. Ben Carson?  Are we to believe by listening to CNN or MSNBC that the only thing Americans care about is gay rights? Does racism only apply to black Democrats? Wednesday morning on CNN s low-rated  New Day,  co-anchor Chris Cuomo floated the idea that the rainbow Gay Pride Flag might be equivalent to the Confederate Flag by asking presidential candidate if both should come down. Many people are equating what the Confederate Flag stands for with the Gay Pride Flag, and saying,  Hey that flag should be taken down too because all it represents is hatred towards Christians[.] With Cuomo you can never tell if a particular act of intellectual dishonesty on his part is based on the fact that he s a none-too-bright beneficiary of nepotism-privilege, or his raging left-wing biases.https://youtu.be/pz4GdhJgtOYIn Chris Cuomo s eternal, racist crusade to disqualify Ben Carson, the left-wing CNN anchor lied about the argument against the Gay Pride Flag. Breitbart News was the first to make this point, and in doing so made it painfully clear that we were not making an equivalence argument.But Cuomo has proven himself time and again to be either a dimwit or a serial fabricator (Jeff Zucker s useful idiot, so to speak), and pointing out his dishonesty is becoming the ultimate dog-bites-man story. Via: Breitbart NewsCompare Chris Cuomo s interview with Dr. Ben Carson to his exclusive interview with Barack Obama that includes tough questions about what it s like to raise two daughters and of utmost importance to the American people questions about his dog: ",0
15542,FBI FILES REVEALED: VALERIE JARRETT’S FAMILY TIES TO COMMUNISM RUN DEEP,"I m sure the apple doesn t fall far from the tree in this case. Many of us have known about the father-in-law but this digs deeper into Valerie Jarrett s own family. Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) files obtained by Judicial Watch reveal that the dad, maternal grandpa and father-in-law of President Obama s trusted senior advisor, Valerie Jarrett, were hardcore Communists under investigation by the U.S. government.Jarrett s dad, pathologist and geneticist Dr. James Bowman, had extensive ties to Communist associations and individuals, his lengthy FBI file shows. In 1950 Bowman was in communication with a paid Soviet agent named Alfred Stern, who fled to Prague after getting charged with espionage. Bowman was also a member of a Communist-sympathizing group called the Association of Internes and Medical Students. After his discharge from the Army Medical Corps in 1955, Bowman moved to Iran to work, the FBI records show.According to Bowman s government file the Association of Internes and Medical Students is an organization that  has long been a faithful follower of the Communist Party line  and engages in un-American activities. Bowman was born in Washington D.C. and had deep ties to Chicago, where he often collaborated with fellow Communists. JW also obtained documents on Bowman from the U.S. Office of Personnel Management (OPM) showing that the FBI was brought into investigate him for his membership in a group that  follows the communist party line.  The Jarrett family Communist ties also include a business partnership between Jarrett s maternal grandpa, Robert Rochon Taylor, and Stern, the Soviet agent associated with her dad.Jarrett s father-in-law, Vernon Jarrett, was also another big-time Chicago Communist, according to separate FBI files obtained by JW as part of a probe into the Jarrett family s Communist ties. For a period of time Vernon Jarrett appeared on the FBI s Security Index and was considered a potential Communist saboteur who was to be arrested in the event of a conflict with the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR). His FBI file reveals that he was assigned to write propaganda for a Communist Party front group in Chicago that would  disseminate the Communist Party line among the middle class. It s been well documented that Valerie Jarrett, a Chicago lawyer and longtime Obama confidant, is a liberal extremist who wields tremendous power in the White House. Faithful to her roots, she still has connections to many Communist and extremist groups, including the Muslim Brotherhood. Jarrett and her family also had strong ties to Frank Marshal Davis, a big Obama mentor and Communist Party member with an extensive FBI file.JW has exposed Valerie Jarrett s many transgressions over the years, including her role in covering up a scandalous gun-running operation carried out by the Department of Justice (DOJ). Last fall JW obtained public records that show Jarrett was a key player in the effort to cover up that Attorney General Eric Holder lied to Congress about the Fast and Furious, a disastrous experiment in which the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco Firearms and Explosives (ATF) allowed guns from the U.S. to be smuggled into Mexico so they could eventually be traced to drug cartels. Instead, federal law enforcement officers lost track of hundreds of weapons which have been used in an unknown number of crimes, including the murder of a U.S. Border Patrol agent in Arizona.In 2008 JW got documents linking Valerie Jarrett, who also served as co-chairman of Obama s presidential transition team, to a series of real estate scandals, including several housing projects operated by convicted felon and Obama fundraiser/friend Antoin  Tony  Rezko. According to the documents obtained from the Illinois Secretary of State, Valerie Jarrett served as a board member for several organizations that provided funding and support for Chicago slum projects operated by Tony Rezco.Via: Judicial Watch",0
15543,GOP PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE MARCO RUBIO CASTS DECIDING VOTE ON OBAMATRADE…Never Even Read It,"One more Republican doing his part to aid Obama in his fundamental transformation of America Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL) cast the deciding vote for Obamatrade on Tuesday as it squeeked through the U.S. Senate 60-37, and his Senate office is still outright refusing to answer whether he even knew what he was voting on.Rubio, a Republican presidential candidate, was the deciding vote necessary for the U.S. Senate to clear the final 60-vote threshold and eventually, later this week, send to President Barack Obama s desk the Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) bill that would fast-track at least three highly secretive trade deals that Obama has been negotiating for years.TPA will, now that it s going to pass, effectively ensure the congressional approval of the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), Trade in Services Agreement (TiSA) and Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (T-TIP). The text of the TiSA and T-TIP agreements is currently entirely secretive, even to lawmakers on Capitol Hill and their staffs, though WikiLeaks did uncover several TiSA documents that leaked and prove the deal would surrender congressional power over U.S. immigration policy to the executive branch and perhaps to a newly created transnational entity.The TPP text for the Pacific Rim trade deal that Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL)80% notes would give the Sultan of Brunei who has implemented Sharia Law in his nation and banned Christmas, literally an  equal vote to that of the United States,  on the other hand, is available for members of Congress to read. The only catch is they have to go to a secret room inside the Capitol basement for classified readings to read it in person, they can t take notes, and only their staffers with enough high enough security clearances can go with them to read it and their staff can t go without them.Before the Senate voted on TPA to fast track these deals the first time back in May, Breitbart News asked every Senate Republican if they read the text of the TPP before voting to fast-track it. Only a handful said they did.Sens. Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY)93% , Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)93% , Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL)80% , Sen. James Lankford (R-OK)60% and Sen. Mike Lee (R-UT)100% went to go read it. Rubio, on the other hand, was one of many who has consistently and repeatedly refused to answer whether he read the deal text. His office refuse to answer yet again on Tuesday whether he went to go read it before the first time he voted for TPA or before the second time he did on Tuesday s cloture vote and that means he s again choosing to give the public impression he did not read the text of the deal before he voted to fast track it through Congress.This could have significant implications for Rubio on the campaign trail as he seeks the Republican nomination for the presidency as activists in early states are furious with his decision to support Obamatrade when it s clear he doesn t know what he s talking about.New Hampshire conservative and Merrimack Councilman Bill Boyd, who s endorsed Paul for president, told Breitbart News while on a recent reporting trip to New Hampshire that he s upset that Rubio didn t read the deal before he voted to fast-track it. He s been the biggest advocate against Obamacare and the ACA, and for all the time Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA)9% kept on saying  we have to pass this bill to find out what s in it,  Boyd said.You re telling me Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL)80% voted for a bill without reading it? Are you kidding? You know what, we elect people to go down there to represent us. At a bare minimum you have staff. Staff should be providing some kind of an executive summary. If it s a thousand pages, you should be cutting it up and giving it to staff and get 10 or 20 page synopses. If your staff can t bring a particular issue on in a two page memo than they have no idea what they re talking about. For Sen. Rubio to admit that, that s kind of surprising. That s kind of surprising not to read a document and make an opinion without even looking at it. You need to be able to formulate an opinion. If somebody gives you the cliff notes version of a bill, that s at least better than not reading it at all. So that s kind of surprising. For entire story by Matthew Boyle: Breitbart News",0
15544,(VIDEO) OBAMA’S BUDDY AL SHARPTON BEFUDDLED BY MSNBC TOUCHSCREEN: ‘LET’S KEEP GOING!’,How unqualified and out of touch is he? I m wondering if Brian Williams would ve been better off fired rather than join this cast of characters. ,0
15545,FIND OUT IF YOUR SENATOR VOTED TO HELP OBAMA With The Fundamental Transformation Of America,"Remember Joni Ernst? Conservatives were so excited to see her win a Senate seat in Iowa. You may be surprised to see who this  patriot  supported with her vote(below).Bipartisan Congressional Trade Priorities and Accountability Act of 2015Senate Vote 218   Advances Trade Promotion AuthorityResult: Cloture Motion Agreed to by a margin of 0 votes Date of Vote: June 23, 2015 Time of Vote: 11:04 a.m. Roll Call Number: 218 Yes Votes (60) Lamar Alexander R TN Kelly Ayotte R NH John Barrasso R WY Michael Bennet D CO Roy Blunt R MO John Boozman R AR Richard M. Burr R NC Maria Cantwell D WA Shelley Moore Capito R WV Thomas R. Carper D DE Bill Cassidy R LA Daniel Coats R IN Thad Cochran R MS Christopher A. Coons D DE John Cornyn R TX Tom Cotton R AR Michael D. Crapo R ID Steve Daines R MT Michael B. Enzi R WY Joni Ernst R IA Dianne Feinstein D CA Deb Fischer R NE Jeff Flake R AZ Cory Gardner R CO Lindsey Graham R SC Charles E. Grassley R IA Orrin G. Hatch R UT Heidi Heitkamp D ND Dean Heller R NV John Hoeven R ND James M. Inhofe R OK Johnny Isakson R GA Ron Johnson R WI Tim Kaine D VA Mark Steven Kirk R IL James Lankford R OK John McCain R AZ Claire McCaskill D MO Mitch McConnell R KY Jerry Moran R KS Lisa Murkowski R AK Patty Murray D WA Bill Nelson D FL David Perdue R GA Rob Portman R OH Jim Risch R ID Pat Roberts R KS Mike Rounds R SD Marco Rubio R FL Ben Sasse R NE Tim Scott R SC Jeanne Shaheen D NH Dan Sullivan R AK John Thune R SD Thom Tillis R NC Patrick J. Toomey R PA David Vitter R LA Mark Warner D VA Roger Wicker R MS Ron Wyden D ORNo Votes (37) Tammy Baldwin D WI Richard Blumenthal D CT Cory Booker D NJ Barbara Boxer D CA Sherrod Brown D OH Benjamin L. Cardin D MD Bob Casey D PA Susan Collins R ME Ted Cruz R TX Joe Donnelly D IN Richard J. Durbin D IL Al Franken D MN Kirsten E. Gillibrand D NY Martin Heinrich D NM Mazie K. Hirono D HI Angus King I ME Amy Klobuchar D MN Patrick J. Leahy D VT Joe Manchin III D WV Edward J. Markey D MA Jeff Merkley D OR Barbara A. Mikulski D MD Christopher S. Murphy D CT Rand Paul R KY Gary Peters D MI Jack Reed D RI Harry Reid D NV Bernard Sanders I VT Brian Schatz D HI Charles E. Schumer D NY Jeff Sessions R AL Richard C. Shelby R AL Debbie Stabenow D MI Jon Tester D MT Tom Udall D NM Elizabeth Warren D MA Sheldon Whitehouse D RIDid Not Vote (3) Bob Corker R TN Mike Lee R UT Robert Menendez D NJVia: NYT s ",0
15546,[VIDEO] OUR RACIST PRESIDENT INVITES MUSLIMS To Join Blacks In Victim Pool While Celebrating Ramadan at White House," As Americans we insist that no one should be targeted because of who they are, what they look like, who they love, what they worship. (Unless of course, you re a cop or a person who enjoys  white privilege ).Doesn t Mooch  target  privileged white people every time she has a microphone placed in front of her? Whether speaking at a commencement speech or museum opening, Mooch doesn t miss an opportunity to point out how mistreated she and her husband, (the two-term elected President of the United States) are by dragging race into every speech. Why is that okay?Barack Obama hosted an Iftar dinner at the White House on June 22, 2015. He paid tribute to three Muslim students (victims killed by a white man) who were murdered in Chapel Hill, NC.  He managed to tie the recent hateful act by another young white man who killed 9 innocent black church members in Charleston, SC into his speech. The Koran teaches that God s children should tread lightly above the earth and that when confronted with ignorance, reply  peace.  Where was your  peaceful muslim  speech following the attempt by two muslims in Texas to commit mass murder during Pamela Gellar s free speech event?",0
15547,(VIDEO) PANTSUIT ON FIRE! HILLARY CLINTON CAUGHT IN ANOTHER WHOPPER ABOUT SELLING THE RUSSIANS OUR URANIUM,"The author of  Clinton Cash  responds to Hillary Clinton s brazen dishonesty. Who does she think she s fooling   is she lying or just very incompetent? I think it s brazen dishonesty.  I was not personally involved because that wasn t something the secretary of state did,  said Clinton.The transfer of 20 percent of US uranium   the stuff used to build nuclear weapons   to Vladimir Putin did not rise to the level of Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s time and attention?Beyond being an admission of extreme executive negligence on an issue of utmost national security, Hillary s statement strains credulity to the breaking point for at least three other reasons.First, nine investors who profited from the uranium deal collectively donated $145 million to Hillary s family foundation, including Clinton Foundation mega donor and Canadian mining billionaire Frank Giustra, who pledged $100 million. Since 2005, Giustra and Bill Clinton have frequently globetrotted together, and there s even a Clinton Foundation initiative named the Clinton-Giustra initiative. But Hillary expects Americans to believe she had no knowledge that a man who made a nine-figure donation to her foundation was deeply involved in the deal? Nor eight other mining executives, all of whom also donated to her foundation?Second, during her Sunday interview, Clinton was asked about the Kremlin-backed bank that paid Bill Clinton $500,000 for a single speech delivered in Moscow. Hillary s response? She dodged the question completely and instead offered this blurry evasion.  The timing doesn t work,  said Clinton.  It happened in terms of the support for the foundation before I was secretary of state.  Hillary added that such  allegations  are being  made by people who are wielding the partisan axe.  The reason Hillary ignored addressing the $500,000 direct payment from the Kremlin-backed bank to her husband is because that payment occurred, as the Times confirms,  shortly after the Russians announced their intention to acquire a majority stake in Uranium One.  And as for her comment that the timing of the uranium investors  donations  doesn t work  as a damning revelation, in fact, the timing works perfectly. As Clinton Cash revealed and others have confirmed, Uranium One s then-chief Ian Telfer made donations totaling $2.35 million that Hillary Clinton s foundation kept hidden. Telfer s donations occurred as Hillary s State Department was considering the Uranium One deal. Third, Clinton correctly notes in the interview that  there were nine government agencies who had to sign off on that deal.  What she leaves out, of course, is that her State Department was one of them, and the only agency whose chief received $145 million in donations from shareholders in the deal. Does she honestly expect Americans to believe she was simply unaware that the deal was even under consideration in her own State Department?Read more here: New York Post",0
15548,A PRESIDENT WHO’S UNSERIOUS AND UNDIGNIFIED…DON’T WE DESERVE MUCH BETTER THAN THIS?!,"America deserves so much better and should get early serious about our next president. Obama has been so undignified throughout his presidency and unserious on so many occasions. We don t need a nice guy or a funny guy for our next president. We need a serious man who is selfless in his desire to put America back on track. I couldn t think of a better way to spell it out than this awesome piece from White House Dossier that says what we ve all been thinking. I know I m 100% FED Up! with a president who s a partier and NOT a PATRIOT.I wonder what would happen if nine people were murdered in a church and a Republican president jetted out to the West Coast for four days of fundraising and golf. Surely, the sensitivity police would have been brought out in force and locked down the nation s airwaves, commenting on the callousness of the president and the Neanderthal nature of Republicans in general.But Obama returned Sunday night from four fundraisers and two rounds of golf without hearing a peep of protest, his devotion to government having pre-certified him as a caring, sensitive type and rendered him immune to suggestions otherwise.But the parties, the constant golf, the extravagant and frequent vacationing do take a toll. Because Obama does not understand that his presidency, like any other, is within a kind of petrie dish, and every seemingly insignificant mold that grows there is scrutinized by friends and enemies alike.If Obama wonders why nobody in Congress cares what he thinks, why Iran doubles down on its insults as nuclear deal time approaches, or why the Chinese blithely arise strategically placed islands out of depths of the South China Sea, well part of the answer is the unseriousness with which everyone can see this president operates.Obama, who the previous weekend had staged a  what the heck  party for 500 people to celebrate no particular occasion and who, during his California trip, offered a rare interview to a podcast titled  WTF,  has stripped the presidency of what was left of its dignity in the aftermath the fun-loving Democratic president who preceded him.I was reminded of how the actions of a president can echo in unpredictable directions and with unanticipated force when I read last week about an interview former Israeli Ambassador to the United States Michael Oren did with the Times of Israel. Oren said:The bottom line is that the day that Obama didn t act against the Syrians (for their use of chemical weapons in 2013, and thus failed) to maintain the Syrian  red line,  was the day that the debate (over whether Obama was serious about his military option on Iran) stopped here. Did you notice that? Just stopped. Dead. And everyone went quiet. An eerie quiet. Everyone understood at that point that that was not an option, that we re on our own.Obama didn t understand that when he, as president   as opposed to community organizer   drew a  red line,  it meant something. And when he didn t enforce, it meant something even greater.I recalled then the story about how Ronald Reagan s decision in 1981 to fire most of the illegally striking air traffic controllers reverberated far beyond our bordersWrites Peggy Noonan, Reagan s biographer and former speechwriter.Foreign governments, from friends and allies to adversaries and competitors, saw that the new president could make tough decisions, pay the price, and win the battle. The Soviets watched like everybody else. They observed how the new president handled a national-security challenge. They saw that his rhetorical toughness would be echoed in tough actions. They hadn t known that until this point. They knew it now.This is why Reagan s secretary of state George Shultz said that the Patco decision was the most important foreign-policy decision Reagan ever made.Everyone knew at the time that it was a domestic crisis. It wasn t until years later that they came to appreciate that it was foreign-affairs victory.People understood this new president was not to be messed with. Just as people understand they can mess with the current one all they like.Read more: White House Dossier",0
15549,"[VIDEO] OUR DIVIDER IN CHIEF, BARACK OBAMA, INVOKES “N” WORD During Interview","Our 44th President just doing his part to keep the racial fire stoked Barack Obama claimed the United States was still infected with racism   and dropped the N-word to make his point   in his first ever podcast interview released this morning. The President said:  Racism, we are not cured of it. And it s not just a matter of it not being polite to say n****r in public. That s not the measure of whether racism still exists or not. It s not just a matter of overt discrimination. Societies don t overnight completely erase everything that happened 200 to 300 years prior. The President said that attitudes about race had improved significantly since he was born to a white mother and black father 53 years ago.But the nation s history of slavery  casts a long shadow, and that s still part of our DNA that s passed on .Obama made the remarks in a podcast for comedian Marc Maron following the fatal shooting of nine people last Wednesday at a historical black church in Charleston, South Carolina.Echoing his own Thursday statement on the shootings, the President said the nation must determine how it can respect the rights of firearm owners while keeping weapons out of the hands of the mentally unstable. The question is just: is there a way of accommodating that legitimate set of traditions with some commonsense stuff that prevents a 21-year-old who is angry about something or confused about something, or is racist, or is deranged, from going into a gun store and suddenly is packing and can do enormous harm.  And that is not something that we have ever fully come to terms with. It is thought he was referring to Dylann Roof, the 21-year-old South Carolinian accused of killing nine congregants at Emanuel AME church in Charleston.Obama s interview with comedian Marc Maron for his podcast, WTF, was recorded on Friday but was not posted online until this morning.The President lamented how often he had to speak to the country  about a devastating loss  and added:  It s not enough just to feel bad. There are actions that could be taken to make events like this less likely. And one of those actions we could take would be to enhance some basic commonsense gun-safety laws that, by the way, the majority of gun owners support. He reiterated his Thursday claim that  there s no other advanced nation on earth that tolerates multiple shootings on a regular basis and considers it normal. And to some degree that s what s happened in this country. It s become something that we expect. The President claimed the common framing of shooting sprees was that  it s a crazy person   you can t help it .And he said gun control legislation had been stymied in Congress because  the grip of the NRA (National Rifle Association) on Congress is extremely strong .Via: UK Daily Mail",0
15550,THE DEMOCRAT WHO WROTE A PAPER About How Women Fantasize About Being Gang Raped Draws Larger Crowds Than GOP Presidential Candidates,"The producers vs. the looters The man honeymooned in a Communist country. He even wrote a paper about how woman fantasize about being gang raped. Combine all of that with the fact that he subscribes to the disturbing belief of Socialism and a reasonable person might believe it would all add up to a failed Presidential campaign. In the America of the past that would undoubtedly be the case. But in the Progressive hell the United States has now become a candidate with those credentials just seems to draw an ever larger crowd of supporters.Politicus USA reports that Socialist presidential candidate, Bernie Sanders, attracted a good size crowd during his recent visit to Denver, Colorado. So large in fact it was a larger crowd than any Republican candidate has attracted so far:Bernie Sanders drew a bigger crowd than any Republican candidate, as 4,500 supporters filled his event in Denver.According to the Sanders campaign: Thousands of cheering and chanting Coloradans   one of the biggest crowds for any presidential candidate so far this campaign   showed up here on Saturday night to hear Bernie Sanders tell them they were sending a message to the billionaire class that  You can t have it all. This is our country too. By the university s count, 4,500 people were in the gym, atrium and lacrosse field to see Sanders, the candidate for the Democratic Party presidential nomination and a U.S. senator from Vermont.Sen. Sanders drew the second biggest crowd of the entire campaign in Denver. The only bigger crowd by official count wasHillary Clinton s rally in New York last weekend. Sen. Sanders is pulling off the most impressive feat of the campaign. People are excited and showing up for his events.Unlike Ted Cruz who drew a big crowd for his campaign launch by holding it a university event that students were forced to attend, the enthusiasm for Bernie Sanders is real. He doesn t pay actors to come to his rallies and support him like Donald Trump did If the Progressive website s claim is true, IF, then this would possibly signify a disturbing trend where the United States is embracing the Socialist mantra more than it has previously.But most likely, the fact that no one Republican candidate has yet to attract a large amount of public support at their rallies is just a result of the large field of Republican candidates, and the fact that the voters on the political right are just tired of establishment, cookie cutter politicians who will say anything to get elected. And then do as they please once in office.As the number of candidates is whittled down on the Republican side either the crowds will appear to support that one candidate or, as they did during the last presidential election, they ll stay home. Which, if history and Hillary s lack of luck on her presidential runs hold, could possibly mean that Bernie Sanders may be the next United States President.God help us if that cold day in hell becomes a reality. We ve seen the damage one Progressive President who denies being a Socialist and a Marxist has done to this nation. Image the destruction a full fledged, proud to be Socialist President would do .Via: Progressives Today",0
15551,UNBELIEVABLE VIDEO OF NYPD COPS BEING PUNCHED BY MAN IN CROWD WHILE Woman Being Arrested Attempts To Steal Female Cops Gun,"Why would anyone want to risk their lives while serving their community as a cop in this hostile, anti-cop, free-for-all environment created by Barack Obama, Eric Holder and Al Sharpton?Two NYPD officers are attacked and punched several times by a black man while attempting to arrest a woman. The woman being arrested can be seen trying to grab the female NYPD officer s gun numerous times during the altercation.Via: LiveLeak",0
15552,[VIDEO] RINO STRATEGIST KARL ROVE HAS SOLUTION TO GUN VIOLENCE: Repeal Second Amendment,"Why does FOX News even give this guy a microphone? He lost his relevance about a decade ago, and yet FOX News still thinks Americans care about anything he has to say. He was against gun control before he was for it Republican strategist Karl Rove said on  Fox News Sunday  the only way to stop gun-related violence, like the Wednesday massacre at Emmanuel African Methodist Church in Charleston S.C., was to repeal American citizens  Second Amendment rights.When Chris Wallace asked Rove how we can,  stop the violence,  the long-time gun-rights advocate stated that we have made great strides as a nation in empathizing with the victims of these types of shootings, but the only way to guarantee they will stop is to  remove guns from society. What do you think?WALLACE: How do we stop the violence?What do you think? ROVE: I wish I had an easy answer for that, but I don t think there s an easy answerWhat do you think? We saw an act of evil. Racist, bigoted evil, and to me the amazing thing is that it was met with grief and love. Think about how far we ve come since 1963. The whole weight of the government throughout the South was to impede finding and holding and bringing to justice the men who perpetrated the [Birmingham] bombing.What do you think? And here, we saw an entire state, an entire community, an entire nation come together, grieving as one and united in the belief that this was an evil act, so we ve come a long way.What do you think? Now maybe there s some magic law that will keep us from having more of these. I mean basically the only way to guarantee that we will dramatically reduce acts of violence involving guns is to basically remove guns from society, and until somebody gets enough  oomph  to repeal the Second Amendment, that s not going to happen.Via: Daily Caller",0
15553,BLACK WOMAN IN CHARLESTON WARNS “There’s gonna be a race war against ‘Cracka’s'”,"All the progress that s been made with race relations in America since the civil rights era has been ignored by so many angry blacks who ve bought into the carefully orchestrated Obama, Sharpton and Holder race war funded by their friend, George Soros. Since the liberal mainstream media wants to use the horrific massacre in Charleston to attack conservatives, disparage white people and act as if Dylann Roof s actions represent a normalcy, I thought it only fair to bring up the case of a black woman from Charleston, Sista Solove, who this week essentially asserted that white supremacy is leading us towards a race war against  crackas. She made the statement on Wednesday while speaking with Breitbart Texas editor Brandon Darby outside the Mother Emmanuel American Methodist Church in Charleston.When he asked her what she thinks will ultimately result from Roof s actions, she replied,  The real question is   if it were the other way around, what would that be? https://youtu.be/_o-rzGRSu8sIf a black person   if a nigga killed nine crackas, he would be dead. We wouldn t even be talking about his raggedy ass. Okay. But this cracka is,  Oh, he s mentally ill. Oh, ya know, pray for him. Oh, they ve got support systems for him.No, it s an agenda, and there s going to be a race war because it continues to happen. You cannot go pray. You can t be a child at a playground. You can t wear a hoodie with Skittles. You can t be black.What s a good nigga supposed to do, Massa? What s a good nigga supposed to do not to get shot? That s a good question, ain t it?The reason Roof happens to be alive to this day is because he complied with police orders and did not resist arrest. This places him in stark contrast to the likes of, say, Mike Brown and Eric Garner.The comment about  a child at a playground  referred to 12-year-old Tamir Rice, who died in an unfortunate incident after a bystander reported  a male sitting on a swing and pointing a gun at people.  The gun turned out to be fake, though according to reports, Rice reached for it when the cops told him to put his hands up.And as for the comment about how  you can t wear a hoodie with Skittles,  that referred to Trayvon Martin, who was justifiably shot by George Zimmerman after he attacked the guy for no legitimate reason whatsoever.Anyway. Sista Solove then delivered what Breitbart contributor Lee Stranahan accurately described as  the academic Marxist message of  white privilege  that underscores the current Black Lives Matter movement :It s called white privilege. You don t understand where our anger comes from. No one gets it. Our history comes from our family telling us,  Oh, you can t be black. Don t do this, don t go to that fountain, don t do this  and we re still dealing with this shit. What are we going to do with the anger? What are we going to do with the anger? What do we do?Via: DownTrend",0
15554,OBAMA’S EPA PUSHES FOR TOUGHER MILEAGE STANDARDS FOR TRUCKS,"The EPA continues to push for more and more restrictions on emissions. The Obama agenda continues and is bolstered by the Pope s call for action on the global warming scam. Anyone with half a brain can see through this political agenda and knows it has nothing to do with any truth about climate. Crazy times!The Obama administration on Friday proposed tougher mileage standards for medium and heavy-duty trucks, the latest move by President Barack Obama in his second-term drive to reduce pollution blamed for global warming.The Environmental Protection Agency issued new rules that would lower carbon dioxide emissions from trucks and vans by 24 percent by 2027. It would cut fuel costs by about $170 billion and reduce oil consumption by up to 1.8 billion barrels over the lifetime of vehicles sold under the rule.The long-expected rules come one day after Pope Francis issued a teaching document calling for the world to take action to slow climate change.Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a statement that the new rules would help the environment and the economy, as trucks use less fuel and shipping costs go down. He called the rules  good news all around. Gina McCarthy, chief of the Environmental Protection Agency, said the rules would deliver  big time  on Obama s call to cut carbon pollution. With emission reductions weighing in at 1 billion tons, this proposal will save consumers, businesses and truck owners money,  McCarthy said. At the same time, the rules will  spur technology innovation and job-growth, while protecting Americans  health and our environment over the long haul,  she said.Read more: Sioux City Journal",0
15555,[VIDEO] SHOCKING CONSEQUENCES OF OPEN IMMIGRATION: Christians Organize To Fight Back Against Islamization Of Britain,"This video shows what happens when a large population of muslim immigrants refuse to assimilate with the culture of residents living in the country where they have immigrated. Instead, muslims in Britain and in countries all over the world are demanding the citizens who have been living there for centuries conform to their extreme radical religious views. In May, new census data published by the British government showed that Islam is set to become the dominant religion in Britain within the next generation.On being informed that the girl did not want to get married, Mohammed Shahid Akhtar, Imam of Birmingham s Central Jamia Masjid Ghamkol Sharif Mosque, said,  She s 14. By Sharia, grace of Allah, she s legal to get married. The Muslim population of Britain topped 3.3 million by the end of 2013 to become around 5.2% of the overall population of 63 million, according to figures extrapolated from a recent study on the growth of the Muslim population in Europe.At the same time, opinion surveys consistently show that voters in Britain view Islam and the question of Muslim immigration as a top-ranked public concern. The British public, it seems, is increasingly worried about the establishment of a parallel Muslim society there.But government efforts to push back against the Islamization of Britain have been halting and half-hearted.What follows is a chronological review of some of the main stories involving the rise of Islam in Britain during 2013.In January, Muslim gangs were filmed loitering on streets in London and demanding that passersby conform to Islamic Sharia law. In a series of videos, the self-proclaimed vigilantes who call themselves Muslim London Patrol are seen abusing non-Muslim pedestrians and repeatedly shouting  this is a Muslim area. One video records the men shouting:  Allah is the greatest! Islam is here, whether you like it or not. We are here! We are here! What we need is Islam! What we need is Sharia! The video continues:  We are the Muslim Patrol. We are in north London, we are in south London, in east London and west London. We command good and forbid evil. Islam is here in London. [Prime Minister] David Cameron, Mr. Police Officer, whether you like it or not, we will command good and forbid evil. You will never get us. You can go to hell! This is not a Christian country. To hell with Christianity. Isa [Jesus] was a messenger of Allah. Muslim Patrol will never die. Allah is great! Allah is great! We are coming! In a January 23 interview with the online newspaper International Business Times, Anjem Choudary, a radical preacher who has long called for Sharia law to be implemented in Britain and other European countries, defended the gang, saying:  This is a wake-up call for society to ask,  where are we headed?  There is a clash between Islam and liberal democracy in hotspot areas of London. Choudary has previously led a campaign, known as the Islamic Emirates Project, to turn twelve British cities including what he calls  Londonistan into independent Islamic states. The so-called Islamic Emirates would function as autonomous enclaves, ruled by Sharia law and governed entirely outside British jurisprudence.In February, Choudary was filmed urging his followers to quit their jobs and claim unemployment benefits so they have more time to plan holy war against non-Muslims.Excerpts of the speech, published by the London-based newspaper The Sun on February 17, drew renewed attention to the growing problem of Muslims in Britain and elsewhere who are exploiting European welfare systems.In the video, Choudary is recorded as saying that Muslims are justified in taking money from non-Muslims, whom he mocks for working in nine-to-five jobs their whole lives. He says:  You find people are busy working the whole of their life. They wake up at 7 o clock. They go to work at 9 o clock. They work for eight, nine hours a day. They come home at 7 o clock, watch EastEnders [a British soap opera], sleep, and they do that for 40 years of their life. That is called slavery. . . . What kind of life is that? That is the life of the kuffar [a non-Muslim]. Choudary urges fellow Muslims to learn from revered figures in Islamic history who only worked one or two days a year.  The rest of the year they were busy with jihad [holy war] and things like that,  he says.  People will say,  Ah, but you are not working.  But the normal situation is for you to take money from the kuffar. So we take Jihad Seeker s Allowance. In March, the London-based newspaper The Independent reported that at least 100 British Muslims are currently active as jihadists fighting in Syria, which has replaced Afghanistan, Pakistan and Somalia as the main destination for militant Islamists seeking to obtain immediate combat experience with little or no official scrutiny.Also in March, St. John s Episcopal Church in Aberdeen, Scotland, became the first church in the United Kingdom to share its premises with Muslim worshippers. Church officials now welcome hundreds of Muslims praying five times a day in their building because the nearby mosque is filled to overcapacity and Muslim worshippers are forced to pray outside. Via: American Renaissance Here is how muslims treat homosexuals walking through  muslim areas  in Britain:https://youtu.be/yYRl_9QUjk4Britain First is a Christian organization committed to stopping the Islamization of Britain. ",0
15556,BREAKING: Republican Majority House Caves To Obama…Narrowly Passes TPA Bill,"Just when you thought the 2014 election results would provide America with some checks and balances U.S. lawmakers narrowly approved legislation key to securing a hallmark Pacific trade deal on Thursday, partly reversing a defeat less than a week before, in a boost to President Barack Obama s goal of strengthening U.S. economic ties with Asia.The House of Representatives voted 218 to 208 to give the White House authority to close trade deals such as the 12-nation Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), which encompasses 40 percent of the global economy and is close to completion.But the bill, a stripped-down version of legislation which failed at a vote last week, must now go back to the Senate for approval, where a vote is likely next week.The House has been wrestling for weeks with fast-track authority, which lets lawmakers set negotiating objectives for trade deals, such as the TPP, but restricts them to a yes-or-no vote on the finished agreement.Democrats last week dramatically rejected a personal appeal from Obama to back legislation central to his hallmark Pacific Rim trade deal by voting down a companion measure to renew an expiring program to help workers hurt by trade.The trade package consists of three basic components.That measure was cut from the bill approved on Thursday, but the change from the original legislation ensures a return to the Senate, delaying final passage further.In debate before the vote, many Democrats lined up on the House floor to voice their anger with Obama s trade initiative. This thing is modeled after NAFTA (North American Free Trade Agreement), which cost us 5 million jobs,  said veteran Democratic Representative Louise Slaughter.RELATED COVERAGE House speaker: Confident in  pretty good place  on trade vote Republicans, weary of the long struggle to pass fast-track, urged the House to vote and move on.  Enacting trade promotion authority is critical for our economy and for our national security, and so we re going to get it done here today,  Ways and Means Committee chairman Paul Ryan, a Republican, said.CLOCK TICKINGDemocratic Senator Ron Wyden told Reuters pro-trade Democrats were determined to pass both fast-track and the worker aid program and were working on a plan to achieve that goal.House Speaker John Boehner said he hoped the Senate would soon take up fast-track and the worker aid program, which would be tacked on to a bill renewing trade benefits for African countries.But members of the Congressional Black Caucus have warned against using the bill as a  bargaining chip  and House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi, who voted against fast-track, said she did not see a path forward for the worker aid program.Many Democrats, who have strong links to trade unions, fear trade deals such as the TPP will cost U.S. jobs as employers chase lower costs in signatory countries.The House vote is a good sign for the TPP, which would harmonize standards on issues like intellectual property and labor protections and lower trade barriers among the dozen emerging and developed countries.Approval of the TPP would open new markets for major U.S. exporters such as Boeing (BA.N), Ford (F.N), IBM (IBM.N), Caterpillar (CAT.N), Merck (MRK.N) and Cisco (CSCO.O), policy analysts said.Negotiators are under pressure to finish the pact, which is already more than five years in the making, to allow the TPP to clear Congress before 2016 U.S. presidential election campaigns dominate the agenda.Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton has yet to take a stand on the deal, but the former secretary of state has said Obama should take on board legitimate concerns expressed by fellow Democrats.Some TPP partner countries, including Japan and Canada, want fast track in place before making final offers on the trade deal, which economists estimate would boost the global economy by almost $300 billion a year.Trade deals are controversial in the United States, which has a share of exports to gross domestic product roughly half that of China, partly because of the country s past experience with NAFTA.That pact freed up trade between the United States, Canada and Mexico and, more than two decades later, is blamed by many for U.S. factory closures and job losses and has soured sentiment toward the TPP.",0
15557,ILLEGAL ALIEN CRIMINALS ON HUNGER STRIKE IN AZ PRISON Give List Of Demands Including Removal Of Threat Of Deportation,"This reminds us of the list of demands that were made by the American prisoners in Mexico oh wait never mind The border has been a hot topic in this country, since floods of illegal immigrants have been pouring over the border. To make matters worse, these illegals are receiving benefits that hard-working Americans have paid for, and they continue to show a lack of respect for our culture or make any attempts to assimilate. Law enforcement has had their hands tied every step of the way, and when they are able to finally detain illegals, it only causes more issues.A group of 200 illegal immigrants launched a hunger strike at Eloy Detention Center outside Phoenix Saturday morning. The men sat down in the recreation yard at 9:45 a.m. and declared the strike, the advocacy group Puente Movement said, taking action for what they called brutal and inhumane conditions.The recent death of Jos  de Jes s Deniz-Sahag n has been a rallying cry for these offenders. They claim that he died under mysterious circumstances, and they want their questions answered. Deniz-Sahag n was found dead in his cell and did not show signs of injury, but detainees who joined the strike Saturday said guards beat him and locked him up in solitary confinement before he died.These criminals also say that they are forced to work at the center for $1 per day and sometimes do not receive needed medical treatment. Francisca Porcha, the director of Puente Movement, said,  They re outraged because they re the ones who heard him scream for mercy, it was the straw that broke the camel s back. The criminals have a list of demands that need to be met for the strike to end, which include:The independent investigation into two recent deaths that had mysterious circumstances and problems of guards using excessive force.The conditions of their detainment be improved, which would include both medical and mental health care.They must have access to legal resources and court hearings if requested.The exploitation of the detainees  work be ended.There should be no more criminalization , detention, and deportation.The offenders say that they are pressured to work long shifts with barely any compensation.  What kind of hypocrisy is this where the United States is picking up people for working without documents, but it s perfectly legal to work for a private corporation for $1 a day?  Porcha said.In response to the  demands  U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) has released a statement on Saturday: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) is committed to ensuring the welfare of those in custody, ICE managers and detention center staff communicate with detainees regularly and respects the right of people to express their opinions. ICE detainees are under continuous observation by center staff and medical personnel. I am sure we can all get behind the idea that people should receive proper medical and mental care, but the other  demands    really? They should have no special treatment given to them since they are not American citizens. To have the gall to  demand  that there be  no threat of criminalization, detention, and deportation  is absolute madness. They would not be detained if they had not broken the law when they entered this country illegally.Via: Mad World News",0
15558,THE ULTIMATE COMMUNITY ORGANIZER: IS YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD TOO WHITE? IS IT TOO RICH? Obama Plans To ‘Fix’ Them Using Government to Force Diversity,"Of course, the government will have to address that whole income inequality issue, because clearly every illegal alien or  underprivileged  American doesn t have the financial means to live in the wealthier communities or suburbs. Socialism is here, and unless we find someone in Congress willing to stand up to this  president, everything Americans have worked so hard for will likely be taken away by government force This is what you get when you put a community organizer in the White House   he tries to reorganize your community from Washington.Apparently, President Obama thinks your neighborhood may not be inclusive enough, so he has instructed his Department of Housing and Urban Development to issue a new rule called Affirmatively Furthering Fair Housing, which is designed to force communities to diversify.According to the Obama administration, in too many neighborhoods  housing choices continue to be constrained through housing discrimination, the operation of housing markets, [and] investment choices by holders of capital.  (Yes, that is a quote from an actual HUD document, not a bad undergraduate thesis on Karl Marx.)Under Obama s proposed rule, the federal government will collect massive amounts of data on the racial, ethnic and socioeconomic makeup of thousands of local communities, looking for signs of  disparities by race, color, religion, sex, familial status, national origin, or disability in access to community assets.  Then the government will target communities with results it doesn t like and use billions of dollars in federal grant money to bribe or blackmail them into changing their zoning and housing policies.This is not about blocking housing discrimination, which has been illegal since 1968. It is unlawful for someone to deny you a loan or prevent you from buying a home because of your race, creed or color. Socioeconomic status is   and ought to be   another matter. If you want to buy a nice house in the suburbs, you have to be able to afford it. Apparently, Obama thinks that s unfair discrimination by the  holders of capital. Putting decisions about how local communities are run in the hands of federal bureaucrats is an assault on freedom. Local autonomy is essential to liberty. As Milton Friedman put it in  Capitalism and Freedom,   If I don t like what my local community does, be it in sewage disposal, zoning or schools, I can move to another local community. . . . If I don t like what my state does, I can move to another. If I do not like what Washington imposes, I have few alternatives in this world of jealous nations.  Washington has no business imposing decisions about zoning and housing policies on thousands of local communities.The proposed rule could become an issue in the presidential race. HUD Secretary Julian Castro, the man assigned to implement this new policy, is on everyone s shortlist to be Hillary Clinton s running mate. Moreover, as National Review s Stanley Kurtz points out, collecting all the data will take time   which means decisions about how to use that data will be up to the next president, whoever that turns out to be.Local communities across the United States will be up in arms over this rule   and rightly so. The federal government should have no say over whether your neighborhood is too Jewish, or too Caucasian, or has too many married couples. But Republicans need to be very careful. Democrats want the GOP to rail against this rule and see it as an opportunity to paint the Republicans as the party that wants to protect the wealthy, white suburbs and keep out poor people of color.Conservatives need to make this absolutely clear: We believe Americans of all races, colors and creeds should be free to live wherever they want. And we want to help them do so by unleashing economic opportunity for those at the bottom so that more Americans can get better educations and better jobs and ultimately move to better neighborhoods.Under Obama, those opportunities have been disappearing for Americans at the bottom of our economy. While he talks a good game about inequality, the poor have gotten poorer while the rich have gotten richer on Obama s watch. During the Obama recovery, Americans in the top 5 percent of households (those with average incomes of more than $320,000) were the only group in the United States to see incomes rise from 2009 to 2013. Meanwhile, those worst hit were in the bottom 20 percent, who saw their real incomes fall by 7 percent on average. As American Enterprise Institute President Arthur C. Brooks explains ,  Our putatively progressive president has inadvertently executed a plutocratic tour de force. Having Washington micromanage the housing and zoning policies of thousands of local communities is not going to change this. The answer is not to force local governments to build affordable housing in affluent communities. The answer is to restore upward mobility in the United States so that more people can afford housing in affluent communities.Via: Washington Post ",0
15559,DIVERSITY GONE WILD: US Government Plans To Replace Alexander Hamilton On $10 Bill With A Woman…,"We re living in such  historic  times I can barely take all the diversity and equality Help us to choose the woman the Obama regime will select to replace Alexander Hamilton on the $10 bill (below). The Treasury Department is preparing to announce that they are putting a woman on the $10 bill, as a source has confirmed what appears to be a premature tweet.Treasury Secretary Jack Lew will announce Thursday that the Bureau of Engraving and Printing will put a woman on the bill as soon as 2020. Via: Weasel ZippersWednesday evening, Nancy Lindborg tweeted:Sec Lew announced 2day historic decision to feature a woman on new 10 dollar bill. About time! Share ideas on who to feature #TheNewTen.  Nancy Lindborg (@nancylindborg) June 17, 2015We have a few guesses as to whom the Obama regime will choose as Alexander Hamilton s replacement:The  honorable  and very alert US Supreme Court Justice, Ruth Bader GinsburgWhite House puppet master, Valerie JarrettAmerica s first Food Nazi and 5-star vacation MoochAmerica s first transracial, habitual liar and former Spokane, WA NAACP PresidentAnd finally America s most dishonest presidential candidate ",0
15560,$110K STOLEN FROM ‘At Risk Kids’ Fund By DC City Council To Fund Obama’s Inaugural Ball,"Aren t the kids already suffering enough by being forced to eat Mooch s slop for lunch? Isn t it always  all about the kids  for the unions and Dem s? When the Washington D.C. City Council pleaded for $110,000 in funding for a program for at risk kids they cried that it was  for the children.  But not long after the money was given to the city, officials decided to use it to fund a big party for Obama s 2009 inaugural. Now one official has been sentenced for this theft.Former DC official Neil S. Rodgers was sentenced this week for the theft and six others have pled guilty in separate cases for the misappropriation of the funding.Neil S. Rodgers, a former D.C. government official, was sentenced Tuesday for his role in the misappropriation of $110,000 earmarked for D.C. s Children at Risk and Drug Prevention Fund to cover a deficit for the 51st State Inaugural Ball for President Obama s inauguration in 2009. Rodgers, found guilty of fraud in March, was sentenced to 36 days (served on weekends) plus two years of probation. Rodgers must also repay the entire $110,000 as restitution for his crime. In 2008, as arrangements were underway for inauguration celebrations, the Washington City Paper reported on former council member Harry Thomas Jr. s early plans for the 51st State Inaugural Ball, noting that  there would have to be a plan to raise funds for the event, and security and cleanup concerns would also have to dealt with. Thomas says all that will be taken care of; he says he plans to seek private donations to cover the difference between the event s cost and the revenues raised by the $51 ticket cost.  Donations, however, came up short. Justice Department officials described Rodgers s role in the misappropriation scheme in a Tuesday press release.Via: Right Wing News",0
15561,DO YOU KNOW WHO THIS IS? CLINTON FAMILY CORRUPTION RUNS DEEP,"Do you know who this is? He is Edward  Ed  Mezvinsky, born January 17, 1937. Then you ll probably say,  Who is Ed Mezvinsky? Well, he is a former Democrat congressman who represented Iowa s 1st congressional district in the United States House of Representatives for two terms, from 1973 to 1977.He sat on the House Judiciary Committee that decided the fate of Richard Nixon.He was outspoken saying that Nixon was a crook and a disgrace to politics and the nation and should be impeached.He and the Clintons were friends and very politically intertwined for many years.Ed Mezvinsky had an affair with NBC News reporter Marjorie Sue Margolies and later married her after his wife divorced him.In 1993, Marjorie Margolies-Mezvinsky, then a freshman Democrat in Congress, cast the deciding vote that got President Bill Clinton s controversial tax package through the House of Representatives.In March 2001, Mezvinsky was indicted and later pleaded guilty to 31 of 69 counts of bank fraud, mail fraud, and wire fraud.Ed Mezvinsky embezzled more than $10 million dollars from people via both a Ponzi scheme and the notorious Nigerian e-mail scams.He was found guilty and sentenced to 80 months in federal prison. After serving less than five years in federal prison, he was released in April 2008 and remains on federal probation.To this day, he still owes $9.4 million in restitution to his victims.About now you are saying,  So what! Well, this is Marc and Chelsea Mezvinsky.That s right; Ed Mezvinsky is Chelsea Clinton s father-in law.Now Marc and Chelsea are in their early thirties and purchased a 10.5 million dollar NYC apartment (after being married in George Soros  mansion).Has anyone heard mention of any of this in any of the media?If this guy was Jenna or Barbara Bush s, or better yet, Sarah Palin s daughter s father-in- law, the news would be an everyday headline and every detail would be reported over and over.And yet say there are no double standards in political reporting. And people are already talking about Hillary as our next President! And then there is possibly Chelsea for president in our future!The cycle never ends!Via: Before It s News",0
15562,[VIDEO] DETROIT WOMAN KILLS BEST FRIEND OVER 2012 PRESIDENTIAL RACE ARGUMENT…Media Refuses To Say Killer Supported Obama,"If the murderer was arguing in defense of a Republican would the media be working so hard to keep her political persuasion private?  In a dramatic and colorful case with strong political overtones, a Livonia, Michigan woman was ordered to stand trial for murder after allegedly bashing her neighbor to death with a slow cooker following an argument over presidential politics. The news media are studiously avoiding any inquiry into the politics of the accused and those of the victim, which ordinarily tells you the story. A few seconds  worth of internet sleuthing fills in a few details that proceed along the lines any conservative (but no media reporter) would suspect.// <![CDATA[ var p = new anv_pl_def();p.loadVideoWithKey(""eyJwIjoiMTAwMDAxMSIsIm0iOiJTUFMiLCJ2IjoiZXhwcmVzc18xNDM0NDkzMDY2MDA2In0=""); // ]]>https://youtu.be/MxaEuvmBuo4The Detroit News reports:A Detroit woman was ordered Thursday to stand trial in the killing of her friend beaten with a slow cooker after the two argued about politics.Tewana Sullivan, 50, who is charged with murder, cried at her preliminary hearing as she heard graphic details about the fatal Oct. 22 assault on Cheryl Livy, 66, with a kitchen appliance.Oakland County Medical Examiner Dr. Ljubisa Dragovic testified before Livonia District Judge Sean Kavanagh that Livy died of blunt force injuries to her head, face and mid-back.Livy also had defensive injuries to the back of her hands where it appears she tried to protect herself, Dragovic testified.Livy was discovered barely breathing with the cord of the  busted  slow cooker around her neck in her apartment around 10:45 p.m. at the McNamara Towers senior housing complex in the 19300 block of Purlingbrook, officer Thomas Blauvelt testified.Blauvelt said he found  blood all over the walls, all over the floor, all over the victim. In other words, an extremely brutal murder. Not quite ISIS-level, but no swords, cages, or lighter fluid were at hand. Using what was available, a slow cooker (apparently this was a kitchen discussion), Ms. Livy was beaten to death, as she futilely tried to defend herself.The argument was over politics, but no specifics are being given:Defense attorney John McWilliams said the two women had argued over  presidential politics. Whatever the controversy is between Democrats and Republicans,  he said.As a conservative, I am accustomed to vitriol being hurled at me from the left. Sure, there are some uncouth and some violent people on the right, but in this era, one sees racial agitators on the left in particular sparking violent attacks, as, for example, following the shooting in Ferguson, Missouri. I am not aware of any riots in the past several decades by conservatives.The defendant, Ms. Sullivan, is black. We know that roughly 92% of blacks voted for President Obama. The victim, Ms. Livy, is white. Take a look at the Facebook page Justice for Cheryl Livy to see her pictures: This is not conclusive evidence, to be sure. It is possible Ms. Livy was an extreme leftist. arguing with Ms. Sullivan that Obama is not progressive enough. Or maybe Ms. Sullivan was among the small minority of blacks who are conservative, though I have never in my life heard of a black conservative who has tendencies toward violence (Clarence Thomas, Thomas Sowell, Lloyd Marcus, Kevin Jackson   they all tend toward thoughtful). But the odds are that a Democrat assassinated a critic of President Obama ( presidential politics  today necessarily involve President Obama) in the wake of a heated political argument. I d be willing to bet a substantial amount of money on that with anyone who would give me even odds.Via: American Thinker",0
15563,"[VIDEO] SHOULD RINOS AND DEMOCRATS FEAR TRUMP’S PRESIDENTIAL BID? “I would build a great, great wall on our southern border and make Mexico pay for it”","Donald Trump announced he will be running for President as a Republican in 2016.  Here s what he had to say about our military and Iran:  Nobody would be tougher on ISIS than Donald Trump nobody. Within our military, I will find the General Patton or I will find General MacArthur. I will find the right guy. I will find the guy who will take that military and make it really work. Nobody nobody will be pushing us around. I will stop Iran from getting nuclear weapons. And we won t be using a man like Secretary Kerry that has no concept of negotiation.   Video h/t: Gateway PunditHis announcement can be seen here:Donald on TPA and why Obama is a bad negotiator:Donald on his net worth:",0
15564,OBAMA’S DREAM IS AMERICA’S NIGHTMARE: 121 Illegal Aliens Commit Murder After Avoiding Deportation Orders,"A different set of laws apply to illegals in fact, it appears there are no laws that apply to illegals More than 100 convicted criminals who remained in the U.S. despite receiving deportation orders between 2010 and 2014 now face murder charges, according to the agency charged with carrying out such deportations of illegal immigrants.U.S. Immigration Customs and Enforcement reports that 121 convicted criminals who were never removed from the country face murder charges today.In response, Sens. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, and Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., of the Judiciary Committee submitted a letter on June 12 requesting a  multi-departmental response  from Attorney General Loretta Lynch, Secretary of State John Kerry and Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson.In their letter, Grassley and Sessions cite Immigration and Customs Enforcement statistics that show 1,000 of the 36,007 criminally-convicted illegal immigrants released from custody in fiscal year 2013 have been reconvicted of additional crimes.The senators wrote that the murders committed by the 121 convicted criminals  could have been avoided  had they not been released.As a result, Grassley and Sessions are requesting an explanation from the Obama administration officials concerning the government s decision to release the convicted criminals before deportation.The senators also ask for information concerning the future of U.S. initiatives to deport convicted criminals and whether immigration officials are  fully leveraging existing tools and resources to prevent these dangerous outcomes. However, Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director Sarah Saldana wrote in a recent letter that convicted criminals may be released, even if the convicted individuals face deportation charges.h/t Weasel ZippersVia: The Daily Signal",0
15565,MORE TRANSPARENCY: CLINTON’S REFUSE TO RELEASE HILLARY’S HEALTH RECORDS,"Karl Rove is suggesting Hillary suffered brain damage following her blood clot.On Sunday, Hillary Clinton s campaign manager would not commit to releasing her health records during the 2016 campaign.Face the Nation host John Dickerson pointed out that  Hillary Clinton had a big health scare when she was secretary of state  and asked campaign manager Robby Mook,  will she release her medial records as part of this campaign? I will let Hillary decide that,  Mook answered.  But I can tell you she has been hitting the campaign trail hard. In 2012, Clinton had to delay her Benghazi testimony to Congress after she fell and suffered a concussion. She later was treated for a blood clot in her brain, which experts said could have been  life threatening.  Though Clinton joked about her  cracked head  in emails that the State Department recently released, Bill Clinton revealed last year that Hillary s injuries  required six months of very serious work to get over. On the stump this weekend, Clinton tried to deflect concerns about her age by saying that she would be the  youngest woman president  if elected to the White House.Via:Breitbart News",0
15566,BUSTED: THE ULTIMATE COMMUNIST ORGANIZER…Evidence Shows George Soros Behind Ferguson Race Riots,"George, Barack and Hillary the axis of evil Professional race activists Deray McKesson and Johnetta Elzie (ShordeeDooWhop), pictured here in Baltimore, helped whip up the Ferguson mobs. This year Fortune Magazine named these two professional activists two of the world s greatest leaders.Many conservatives rightly smelled a rat in the supposed organic race-riot movement that sprang up so quickly in Ferguson, Missouri in August 2014 after the shooting death of robber Michael Brown. After burning the Ferguson and Dellwood, Missouri business districts to the ground the radical left has relentlessly sought to recreate the same discord and disinformation in various locations around the U.S. Ferguson #BlackLivesMatter protest leaders have been flown to New York, South Carolina, Milwaukee, Selma, and more recently to McKinney, Texas and Hillary s campaign relaunch in New York.Thankfully, every day patriots and online conservative investigators still fight to shine truth, anywhere  the movement  tries to sow its twisted seeds to foment anger, feed bitterness, and breed division.Much has been printed about the paid protesters and Soros connections.** Nearly half of the roughly 500 businesses operating in Ferguson and adjacent communities, such as Dellwood and Jennings, suffered property damage or lost revenue as a result of the coordinated Ferguson protests and riots.In May black Ferguson activists staged a protest at the office of MORE (Missourians Organizing for Reform and Empowerment) to complain that the group s white leaders collected tens of thousands of dollars in donations off of the Black Lives Matter movement without paying the Black participants their fair share. It was during these protests that Ferguson activists admitted that fellow protesters were making MORE THAN $5,000 a month to disrupt cities, damage property and attack police!In response to these protests MORE released a list of names and amounts paid out to protesters and protest groups who agitated and harassed police night-after-night in Ferguson last fall and winter.The list of over 80 groups and individuals was posted on Twitter by an irate protester. Via Weasel ZippersOne of the protest leaders who showed up in Ferguson shortly after Michael Brown s death was DeRay McKesson from Minneapolis. DeRay and fellow activist Johnetta Elzie (ShordeeDooWhop) were nationally recognized and celebrated by the liberal media as two of the top stars of the violent protest mob.We now know that DeRay McKesson has been working with and for Soros-funded groups since he was in junior high school. We know this because DeRay released his resume online this past weekend.DeRay says he s been living off of savings for the past nine months as he s turned up in Ferguson, Baltimore, New York City, Milwaukee, Selma, McKinney and this past weekend he was at Hillary Clinton s campaign relaunch in New York state.DeRay and Charles Wade, Solange Knowles s stylist, the founder of Op Help or Hush have known each other for three years. Wade and McKesson were regular Ferguson protesters. That means the two have been affiliated well before Michael Brown went on his crime spree. DeRay has used his capacity, as Charles calls it, to push  the movement s  agenda far and wide.DeRay has long been known for his skill at  community organizing .He served as president of his class at Bowdoin College, as well as president of Bowdoin Student Government. While at Bowdoin, DeRay reportedly grew close to Bowdoin President Barry Mills, whose wife, Karen Gordon Mills, served in the Obama Administration. DeRay just happened to stay on the couch of an unnamed Bowdoin alum when he first descended on Ferguson.After graduating from Bowdoin, DeRay worked for the Harlem Children s Zone, run by none other than Bowdoin alums Druckenmiller and Geoffrey Canada. Coincidentally, Geoffrey served on the Open Society Institute s board.Throwback, meeting HCZ's Geoff Canada. pic.twitter.com/ocyw6Yo57q  deray mckesson (@deray) February 16, 2015DeRay also worked for  the movement  linked Teach For America, another radical Soros-funded group.But DeRay s ties to Soros and  community organizing  seemingly date back even further, to McKesson s teen years, at least. Suffice it to say, DeRay has been tied to Soros for more than a decade, through many programs.Perhaps DeRay s long and numerous apparent ties to Soros explain how he was so quickly dispatched to Ferguson, Missouri to take control of the protesters and become the powerfuls  approved and promoted voice on the ground. As DeRay said,  People will come out into the streets to confront a system that is corrupt.  Yet, DeRay seems to be molded, directed, and funded by some of the most powerful men in that very  system.  It looks as if someone may be pulling the strings behind the scenes to foment rage as this astroturf anti-police movement spreads from Ferguson to other points in America.Via: Gateway PunditAND LAST BUT CERTAINLY NOT LEAST...Here s Deray throwing his support behind Hillary on Twitter! What a surprise ",0
15567,GOLDMAN SACHS CHAIRMAN THINKS UK NEEDS MORE MIGRANTS TO AVOID APPEARANCE OF RACISM…While SHOCKING NEW VIDEO Tells Another Story,"Don t worry the liberal elite always know what s best for the little people.Goldman Sachs Chairman and UN Special Representative for Migration Peter Sutherland said yesterday that Britain should take in more migrants in order to avoid creating an environment of  xenophobia and racism .Shocking footage filmed in the French port town of Calais shows desperate migrants attempting to break into delivery trucks heading to the United Kingdom in another illustration of how the country s generous welfare system acts as a beacon for illegal aliens.The clip shows huge gangs of migrants roaming around on a highway attempting to attack vehicles.Police or immigration authorities are nowhere to be seen as migrants rip open the back door of a truck before attempting to pull down its contents to make their way inside, while others try to pull off an underside panel.A tour guide on the bus from where the footage is being filmed tells passengers,  Don t panic guys, we have locked all of the doors. Try not to panic guys. Passengers are heard gasping in shock, with one commenting,  This is what we ve seen on TV. The migrants are keen to reach the UK because they can exploit the country s generous welfare system and obtain a much higher standard of living than in France, where they are forced to reside in a makeshift tent village in Calais known as  the jungle .Around 2,500 migrants live in the tent village, with most of them coming from Sudan, Eritrea, Libya and Syria.The situation is so dire that a leading haulage group warned earlier this month that freight carriers could suspend supplies going through Calais altogether, causing food shortages and massive price hikes.Donald Armour, International Affairs Manager at the Freight Transport Association, told the Daily Express that the UK supply chain is  in danger of collapsing  as a result of drivers refusing to go through Calais.Last month, Maru International haulage company announced that they were boycotting Calais over fears that  somebody will be killed  by migrants attempting to enter the UK.Via: Info Wars ",0
15568,HILLARY 2016: THE CHAMPION OF THE LITTLE PEOPLE IS SELLING THEM OVERPRICED CHACHKIES,"We ve seen the overpriced t-shirts before from other candidates but The Hillary Clinton store takes it to a new level .  everyday items made by everyday people ? Gag!  Something about this is just so snake oil salesmanish you know, like a grifter who comes into town selling overpriced chachkies The champion of the little people isn t above selling them overpriced T-shirts.Or $65 hoodies, $35 tote bags and $25 onesies, all of which were hawked at a tent set up at Hillary Rodham Clinton s coming-out party on Roosevelt Island. Clinton also wrapped up her big speech with a pitch for cash.  I want you to join me in this effort . . . Go to hillaryclinton.com,  she said. Those who followed her instructions were met with the message:  Just go ahead and donate!  with suggested amounts of $5 to the upper limit $2,700. Clicking past pitches for donations on the site takes visitors to the Clinton store, where  everyday items made by everyday Americans  include a $55 throw pillow, a $35 baseball cap, a $25 pair of pint glasses and a $30 tee proclaiming,  Women s Rights are Human Rights  (available in women s sizes only).Via: NYP",0
15569,[VIDEO] YEP…GUN-CONTROL BILL SAID THAT TODAY: “You can’t have people walking around with guns”," You can t have people walking around with guns says the husband of the woman who wants to be your next president Sunday on CNN s  State of the Union,  former President Bill Clinton told CNN s Jake Tapper that the Baltimore and Ferguson civil unrest is a result of too many,  people walking around with guns  combined with a lack community trust.Clinton said,  The Baltimore thing came on the heels of what happened in Ferguson, what happened in New York City and all these other places. And their is a big national movement about whether the lives of young African-American men count. You can t have people walking around with guns. I used to tell people when we did Bosnia, Kosovo anything like that, you get enough people with weapons around and there will be unattended consequences. Via: Breitbart NewsPerhaps Bill was referring to the  sniper fire  his transparent and honest wife Hillary was able to dodge while visiting Bosnia in 1996:And as an added bonus, this hysterical video that was made to mock this insane lie that Hillary told Americans about her trip to Bosnia (Some images in this video may be disturbing):",0
15570,MARINE VETERAN WILL HOST ANOTHER “Draw Mohammed Contest” In Defense Of Free Speech In America [VIDEO],"This Marine veteran who ran for  Constitutional  Sheriff in New Hampshire in 2014 is passionate about protecting and defending our nation and our rights.  When asked why he s hosting this controversial contest, Jerry Delemus replied:  If we back away from our freedom as citizens a little bit at a time, the next thing you know, we don t have any freedoms left. Jerry DeLemus will hold a Draw Mohammad contest in August.Former Marine Jerry Delemus announced plans this week to hold another Draw Mohammad contest in New Hampshire. Delemus says his contest will be held in August.CBS Local reported:A New Hampshire man wants to defy an Islamic prohibition on depicting the prophet Muhammad in pictures and plans to host a  Draw Muhammad  art contest in August.Jerry Delemus, a 60-year-old former Marine, says the freedom of expression guaranteed by the First Amendment trumps any religion s limitations on such expression,  If we back away from our freedom as citizens a little bit at a time, the next thing you know, we don t have any freedoms left,  DeLemus explained to the CBS affiliate WGME.DeLemus said he hasn t heard from the local Islamic community, but residents in the area aren t sure the event is a good idea. Eric Adema said,  I don t understand the point of inciting violence, it s just going to cause more problems. A venue has yet to be determined, but DeLemus says the contest will likely take place in August. He says he recognizes there are risks inherent in hosting such an event, but adds that he plans on having plenty of security on hand.Jerry DeLemus ran for local sheriff in 2014.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15571,2012: JUSTICE KENNEDY READ A SCATHING DISSENTING OPINION ON OBAMACARE…Why He May Be The Vote That Saves Obamacare Today,"Whether federal spending legislation crosses the line from enticement to coercion is often difficult to determine, and courts should not conclude that legislation is unconstitutional on this ground unless the coercive nature of an offer is unmistakably clear. In this case, however, there can be no doubt.   Justices Scalia, Kennedy, Thomas, and AlitoJustice Anthony Kennedy was furious when a majority on the U.S. Supreme Court upheld President Barack Obama s healthcare law. As he read the dissenting opinion from the bench three years ago, his anger was palpable. The majority regards its opinion  as judicial modesty,  he declared.  It is not. It amounts instead to a vast judicial over-reaching. That was Kennedy on June 28, 2012.Now, as the country awaits a ruling in the second major challenge to Obama s signature Affordable Care Act, a question is whether the justice who was the voice of the opposition then could provide the critical fifth vote to uphold the law on the nine-justice court now.At stake are the tax-credit subsidies that have helped low- and moderate-income Americans obtain health insurance. The challengers say the government unlawfully extended those subsidies to states that did not create local insurance exchanges but instead relied on the federal exchange. If the court strikes down the subsidies, millions of Americans in at least 34 of the 50 states could lose coverage.Five years after its passage, the Affordable Care Act has become ingrained in American life even as it remains politically divisive.  This is now part of the fabric of how we care for one another,  Obama, a Democrat, declared in a speech last week. Republicans have called for repeal and among the related lawsuits simmering in lower courts is a dispute brought by Republicans in the U.S. House of Representatives over Treasury Department payments to healthcare insurers.IMPOSSIBLE TO PREDICTIn the case before the court, the unique issue along with Kennedy s record and his comments in oral arguments raise the possibility he will join the four liberal justices to endorse the law. Three years ago, his fellow conservative Chief Justice John Roberts cast the swing vote with the liberals to uphold the law. It marked a rare episode when Kennedy, the usual key justice on this divided bench, did not control the outcome of a momentous case.It is impossible to predict with confidence how the court will resolve the case, King v. Burwell. A ruling is anxiously awaited by officials in Washington and the insurance and healthcare industries nationwide.What is known: Two days after the March 4 oral arguments this year, the justices, per their usual practice, took a vote in a small conference room off Chief Justice Roberts  chambers. The most senior justice on the winning side then assigned the opinion for those in the majority; the senior justice on the dissenting side tapped a writer for the main dissent. Drafts of dueling opinions began circulating among the chambers.In this conversation through memos, the justices will sharpen their arguments, sometimes compromising in reasoning and rhetoric to keep a majority together. Those in dissent similarly hone their retorts. The process is shrouded in secrecy, and the public will only know who is writing which opinion when they are issued.For King v. Burwell, the decision could come down as soon as Monday morning, when the justices next take the bench. It is more likely to be issued later this month. The toughest disputes tend to be resolved right up against the traditional end-of-June deadline for the court s nine-month session. Among the 20 awaited cases is also the question of whether the U.S. Constitution guarantees a right to same-sex marriage.A PIVOTAL POSITIONOn healthcare, either Kennedy or Roberts could tip the balance. Yet the 78-year-old Kennedy, appointed to the bench in 1988 by Republican President Ronald Reagan, may be in a more pivotal position based on his respect for state sovereignty and concern for the practical consequences of a decision.While the 2012 dispute posed a broad-ranging constitutional challenge to the individual insurance mandate before it even took effect, this one turns on a mere four-word clause allowing tax credits for insurance purchased through exchanges  established by the state. The challengers, libertarian lawyers who were among those who lodged the 2012 attack, say that means that the subsidies are not available to people who have bought insurance through federally facilitated exchanges, which vastly outnumber state-run exchanges. The Obama administration contends the law, taken as a whole, makes clear that Congress, when it passed the law, intended the subsidies to apply to all exchanges.During oral arguments Justice Kennedy suggested the challengers  view of the law could put unconstitutional federal pressure on states, because if they failed to set up exchanges, they would lose subsidies:  The states are being told either create your own exchange or we ll send your insurance market into a death spiral,  he said.Kennedy also does not rigidly interpret the words of a statute. He considers how a decision may play out, and he noted that if  people pay mandated taxes  and are denied tax credits,  the cost of insurance will be sky-high. Still, Kennedy may harbor skepticism about the law known as Obamacare, and he acknowledged during arguments the possibility that the challengers could  prevail on the plain words of the statute. Via: Reuters",0
15572,THIS COMPANY PUTS UP A BILLBOARD THAT FINALLY GETS #BlackLivesMatter RIGHT… WITHOUT THE RACIST CONNOTATION,"Black lives matter but only when white cops are responsible for their deaths. When blacks kill other blacks not so much.  Kudos to the Fred L. Davis Insurance Company for telling the truth about who s really doing the killing in black communities.That s the statement on a billboard in Memphis, Tennessee. However, there s more to it.The full message reads:  Black lives matter. So let s quit killing each other.  It s a statement directed against black-on-black crime.Normally, liberals take umbrage at the idea that somebody might evaluate problems caused within the black community by other blacks because it doesn t suit the narrative. However, the author of this message has a background that will make it difficult for people to attack him like that.Fred Davis is a civil rights activist who reportedly marched with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He s also the man behind the message.  We re going to have to wake up,  Davis said.  We re going to have to say to ourselves that black lives matter, and we re going to have to refrain from killing each other out of our own frustration. I can speak, not from reading a book about the history, because I was a part of the history,  he said.  I think that gives me a license as an experienced observer to push and to advocate to the black community   let s stop it. Fred L. Davis is no stranger to controversy. Here is one of his previous billboards:Via: DownTrend",0
15573,(Video) CNN Anchor Mocks ‘pitiful’ Hillary Campaign Watch Party,You know you re really in the tank when the CNN anchors are mocking you! A total of 6 people attended a Hillary Watch Party for here second announcement aka campaign reset today.,0
15574,LEFTIST PROF WHO WANTS “Earth Constitution” Will Speak At Vatican Rollout Of Papal Document On Phony ‘Global Warming’,"Why would the Vatican invite an aggressive leftist speaker to the rollout of the Pope s Papal document on phony  global climate change?  As a Catholic, the news about the Pope s support of these horrible leftists and their radical agenda is heartbreaking. Pray for our nation One of the speakers slated for the Vatican rollout of the long-awaited Papal document on climate change once said the earth is overpopulated by at least 6 billion people.The teaching document, called an encyclical, is scheduled for release on June 18 at Vatican City. Perhaps with the exception of the 1968 encyclical on contraception, no Vatican document has been greeted with such anticipation.The political left is hoping for a document that ties belief in global warming to a religious obligation. Climate skeptics have already started criticizing the document.The choice of Professor John Schnellnhuber, founding director of the Postdam Institute for Climate Impact Research, as one of three presenters may be giving the left added hope and giving giving skeptics severe heartburn. He has been described as one of the more aggressive scientists on the question of man-made global warming.In a talk given to what s described as the  failed  2009 Copenhagen climate conference, reported in the New York Times, Schnellnhuber, who has advised German President Angela Merkel and is a visiting professor at Oxford, said of global warming:  In a very cynical way, it s a triumph for science because at last we have stabilized something  - namely the estimates for the carrying capacity of the planet, namely below 1 billion people. Schnellnhuber is also author of what s called the  two-degree target  that says governments must not allow the temperature to rise more than 2 degrees higher than at the start of the industrial revolution. Any higher, the theory holds, and much life on earth would either perish or be gravely harmed.To deal with climate issues, he has also called for an  Earth Constitution that would transcend the UN Charter  along with the creation of a  Global Council elected by all the people on Earth  and a  Planetary Court..a transnational legal body open to appeals from everybody, especially with respect to violations of the Earth Constitution. Via: Breitbart News",0
15575,HILLARY’S IMMORAL REIGN AS SEC. STATE: U.S. Sold $60 MILLION In Chemical Arms To Clinton Foundation Donors Used To Gas Citizens,"Does anyone care? If Hillary personally gassed these citizens would anyone care? Has America become so conditioned to reading about Clinton crimes that they ve become desensitized to the serious consequences of their selfish actions?The Clinton-run State Department s approval of chemical and biological exports to the Egyptian government increased in volume just as dollars flowed from Mubarak-linked entities into the coffers of Clinton family concerns. A group closely associated with the Mubarak government paid Bill Clinton a $250,000 speaking fee in 2010, less than 4 months before the Egyptian revolution began. In 2012, a firm with an ownership stake in the company that manufactured the tear gas reportedly used by Egyptian security forces against the uprising paid $100,000 to $250,000 for another Bill Clinton speech.The approval of American chemical weapons sales to Egypt as Mubarak s associates were stocking Clinton family interests with cash is but one example of a dynamic that prevailed though Hillary Clinton s tenure as secretary of state.Clinton with MubarakDuring the roughly two years of Arab Spring protests that confronted authoritarian governments with popular uprisings, Clinton s State Department approved $66 million worth of so-called Category 14 exports   defined as  toxicological agents, including chemical agents, biological agents and associated equipment    to nine Middle Eastern governments that either donated to the Clinton Foundation or whose affiliated groups paid Bill Clinton speaking fees.That represented a 50 percent overall increase in such export approvals to the same countries over the two years prior to the Arab Spring, according to an International Business Times review of State Department documents. In the same time period, Arab countries that did not donate to the Clinton Foundation saw an overall decrease in their State Department approvals to purchase chemical and biological materials.The reports released by Clinton s state department since 2010 disclose overall export numbers. For instance, in 2010, export authorizations to Egypt s government for chemical and biological agents saw a one-year, 38 percent increase in the lead-up to the revolution against Mubarak s government. That year, the Mubarak-aligned American Chamber of Commerce in Egypt paid Bill Clinton $250,000. Two close Mubarak allies were past presidents of the group, one of whom reportedly was sent to lobby Washington against a proposed resolution that would call on Mubarak to have free and fair elections.In all, in the two years after Bill Clinton was paid by the Mubarak-aligned group   and as uprisings against the Egyptian government swept the country   the Clinton-led State Department backed a 12 percent increase in exports to Egypt in the biological and chemical agents category.Washington   and Clinton specifically   were forced to reverse course on their support for Mubarak after the country  democratically  elected the Muslim Brotherhood s Mohammed Morsi. Egypt s honeymoon with democracy was short-lived however and Morsi, after an ill-fated attempt to grant himself  special  powers, was overthrown in a military coup. He was sentenced to death last month. Clinton with MorsiHere s a bit more color from the IBTimes report Some Clinton Foundation donors from the Middle East did not see an increase in authorizations for toxicological agents during the Arab Spring, but did see big increases earlier, soon after Clinton came into office in 2009.Algeria received just $2,110 worth of State Department authorizations in the chemical and biological weapons category in fiscal 2008. But the next fiscal year   80 percent of which was under Clinton s tenure   the country received more than $6 million worth of such Category 14 authorizations. Five-point-eight million dollars of the authorizations were for items classified as  tear gases and riot control agents.  The next year, the Algerian government gave the Clinton Foundation $500,000. Amid the Arab Spring revolts in 2011, Algerian security forces used tear gas on protesters in the capital. and here s a look at the numbers Via: The awesome Zero Hedge",0
15576,WHICH OF THESE TWO ITEMS WILL KILL MORE PEOPLE THIS YEAR IN THE U.S.?,"Many on the left are calling for gun control in the U.S. The people who are so concerned about saving the lives of victims of gun violence, are usually the same single issue voters who are driven to the polls for every election to ensure that women retain the right to extinguish the lives of the most vulnerable among us in the most violent way imaginable.  Over 2,555 babies have been aborted so far today in the United States.Total number of all firearm deaths in US in 2013: 33,636Number of firearm homicides in US 2013: 11,208Number of suicides by firearms: 21,175Firearms account for 53.7% of all suicides in the U.S.Ratio of babies killed by abortion to people killed by handguns: 107.1 to 1Manual Vaccum Aspiration What is MVA? MVA is used to abort a child from 3 weeks to 12 weeks of age. This handheld syringe works by creating its own vacuum/suction. MVAs are used and reused millions of times a year around the world. The major problem with the MVA is that it has a very weak vacuum. This means that the child is ripped apart slowly.Number of Americans of all ages and races  murdered daily by handguns   28Number of American babies of all races killed every day by abortion   3,000Uterine Currette One side of the loop is sharp for cutting the child apart. The other side scrapes the uterus to remove the placenta.Syringe with Spinal Needle This abortion instrument s uses include injecting saltwater into the uterus. The baby swallows and breathes the poison. The cause of the death is congestion, hemorrhage and shock. The mother goes into premature labor about a day later and delivers a dead child. The other use is to inject the chemicals (digoxin, potassium chloride, etc.) into the heart of the baby. In both uses, these harsh chemicals soften the child s corpse, making it easier to rip apart and remove.489,850 babies have been aborted in the US so far this year.In 2011, 730,322 legal induced abortions were reported to CDC from 49 reporting areas. The abortion rate was 13.9 abortions per 1,000 women aged 15 44 years and the abortion ratio was 219 abortions per 1,000 live births.Since 1980, 1,337,965,400+ babies have been killed by abortion.Highest abortion/birth ratio in the United States: Washington, D.C. (265 abortions for every 100 live births, and declining)The suicide rate for women following an abortion is astronomical:Suicide rate for women following a live birth: 5.9 per 100,000.Suicide rate for women following an abortion: 34.7 per 100,000. Increased risk: 488%A few important facts for the fiscal conservative:Typical cost for an abortion in the United States today   $400 Estimated cost of preventing an abortion through early education of young people   $25 (Early education is the most cost effective way to prevent abortion)Estimated future GDP gain of a baby saved from abortion: $25,000,000 Ratio to cost of an average abortion: 71,430 to 1Est. total U.S. GDP loss to date for 57,517,326 abortions: $55.4 trillion (2014) Estimated future U.S. GDP loss by 2040 if abortion continues: $400 trillionYour share of this future loss: $1,290,325Photos and captions via: Grantham Collection",0
15577,"ILLEGAL ALIENS WHO LIED TO COURT, USED FAKE SS#’s AND COMMITTED FELONIES Are Granted Special Privileges Because They Are Considered “Victims”","You can t make this up! Why are these criminals who illegally entered our country are being given special status? They are not expected to live by the same rules as US citizens and are being fast-tracked to citizenship. Meanwhile, others who are waiting in line to become American citizens and have followed the rule of law would likely be deported for committing the same crimes as these illegals from Mexico and South America.U.S. District Court Judge Sandy Mattice sentenced eight illegal aliens to two years of supervised probation Wednesday morning. The eight were earlier found guilty of illegally entering the United States and of knowingly committing perjury by signing an I-9 form and stating that they were eligible to work in this country.Each had also purchased false and fraudulent documents such as Social Security cards and green cards which they used to gain employment.The light sentences and lack of a deportation order came about due to each of the defendants having earlier been issued a U visa by the Department of Homeland Security, the judge said.Judge Mattice described this type of visa  as for lack of a better word, a reward,  for assisting a U.S. agency prosecute another federal case   in this instance against Durrett Cheese Sales, Inc. of Manchester, Tn. Their assistance, which was challenged by Assistant U.S. Attorney Gary Humble as  questionable at least,  was due to their part in a human trafficking case against Durrett Cheese. The case proved to be one that was not prosecutable.According to court documents, the defendants, Luciana Moreno-Lopez, Maria Ramirez-Mendoza, Flora Rivera-Pablo, Teresa Ayala-Rosales, Cirilo Castillo-Amaro, Meremedios Cervantes-Cano, Sarai Contreras-Martinez and Mercedes Eugenio-Gomez were arrested by the Coffee County Sheriff for criminal trespass on Oct. 22, 2007. They were arrested after their employer was unable to pay them and they refused to leave company property until they were paid.Upon their arrest the sheriff determined that they were most likely illegal aliens and then notified Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agents.ICE contacted the United States Attorney s Office for help in investigating possible human trafficking and other possible violations of federal law. Several of the defendants were interviewed by ICE agents and a representative of the Department of Justice s Human Trafficking Section of the Civil Rights Division. Also participating in the interviews was a representative of the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC) . The SPLC had made the allegations that the defendants were victims of human trafficking.The court documents state:  Based on the defendants  statements and other investigation, it was obvious that there was no prosecutable human trafficking case.  This was pointed out by prosecutor Humble during sentencing when attorney Clay Whittaker, defense counsel for Ms. Moreno-Lopez, requested probationary sentencing for his client by saying that she had provided and continued to provide the government with assistance.Mr. Humble stated,  The defendants have not provided any reasonable assistance to the government; in fact, they basically refused to implicate anyone (in the company s management hierarchy). Each of the defendants received a sentence of two years supervised probation on each of three counts, to be served concurrently. A special fine of $300 was waived by Judge Mattice in each case based on the defendants  inability to pay.In a previous case involving this matter, former Durrett Cheese Sales, Inc. employee, Shanna Ramirez, was convicted of conspiracy to commit social security fraud (count 1); aiding and abetting social security fraud (count 2); and false declarations before the grand jury (counts 4 and 5). She was sentenced on Dec. 23, 2009 by Judge Mattice to 15 months of incarceration. In another related case, Montano-Perez was sentenced on March 1 to two years probation.The SPLC had filed a claim on the defendants  behalf with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) while the defendants had applied for the U visas from the Department of Homeland Security.The eligibility requirements for a U visa or U non-immigrant status are, according to U.S. State Department directives, strict. This status is, in part, a recognition by Congress that a category of non-citizens is so vulnerable that it deserves protection in the form of legal status and a path to citizenship. A U visa holder is entitled to four years of non-immigrant legal status in the U.S. The holder of such a status may apply for permanent status three years after being granted a U visa.U visas are issued to illegal aliens when they have been judged to have been substantially abused and are helpful or willing to help designated agencies, including law enforcement agencies, in the detection, investigation or prosecution of crimes.According to U.S. Code, the purpose of the underlying statute is not to create a blanket amnesty or to legalize everyone who claims victim status. The Act s Congressional purpose is demonstrated in three aspects of the enabling legislation and its history: (1) the U visa as a tool for law enforcement; (2) the U visa as humanitarian relief for those who are helpful to law enforcement; and, (3) the U visa as protection for workers who suffer crimes in the workplace.In their original claims to the EEOC, the defendants, under penalty of perjury, falsely denied committing the crimes for which they had been arrested. According to a brief filed by the U.S. Attorney, they had, in fact, committed these and many other crimes before applying for the visas. The EEOC, based upon their claims, designated each of the defendants a  victim  and informed DHS that their presence was necessary to enable them (EEOC) to conduct an investigation.The EEOC then closed its investigation, but did not notify DHS that the defendants  presence in this country was no longer necessary. When it was not notified by EEOC, DHS moved ahead and granted the U visa status to all eight defendants.It is the U.S. Attorney s Office view that the defendants were not victims of any qualifying crimes or that they have not suffered any substantial abuse   mental of physical because of qualifying criminal activity The U.S. Attorney believes that  the defendants have been able to manipulate the system to achieve legal status, despite their illegal entry and the commission of felony crimes. Via: Chatanoogan.com",0
15578,OBAMA REGIME AGREES TO CUT DEAL WITH IRAN THAT FURTHER THREATENS OUR NATIONAL SECURITY,"Wouldn t it be great to have a president who made our national security a top priority? The Obama administration will agree to let Iran bypass questions about its past nuclear military work under any final deal signed in the coming weeks, according to reports.Western officials were quoted as telling the Associated Press on Friday that the United States has given up a major concession to Iran on the military front.While senior U.S. officials, including Secretary of State John Kerry, have long insisted that Iran will immediately have to submit to wide-ranging inspections and disclosures regarding its past nuclear work, the new reports indicate that this demand has been cast aside as world powers work to strike a final deal with the Islamic Republic by the end of June.According to the AP report:After a November 2013 interim accord, the Obama administration said a comprehensive solution  would include resolution of questions concerning the possible military dimension of Iran s nuclear program.  But those questions won t be answered by the June 30 deadline for a final deal, officials said, echoing an assessment by the U.N. nuclear agency s top official earlier this week. Nevertheless, the officials said an accord remains possible. One senior Western official on Thursday described diplomats as  more likely to get a deal than not  over the next three weeks.Via: WFB",0
15579,ARMY THREATENS GREEN BERET WAR HERO WITH COURT MARTIAL For Whistleblowing On Failed Hostage Rescue,"The Army can t be bothered with defending or protecting war heroes, they re too busy with other more pressing issues like ensuring gays are free to come out of the closet and removing any trace of Christianity from our military bases.A Green Beret war hero under investigation for unauthorized communications with Congress will testify on Thursday that the Army is out to court-martial him on criminal charges.Meanwhile, Rep. Duncan Hunter, one of the lawmakers with whom the soldier spoke about Obama administration hostage rescue policies, has asked the Pentagon inspector general to investigate whether the Army is springing allegations against personnel such as the Green Beret as pure retaliation.Lt. Col. Jason Amerine, the Special Forces soldier, is due to testify before the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs about what he considers reprisals against him as a whistleblower. After I made protected disclosures to Congress, the Army suspended my clearance, removed me from my job, launched a criminal investigation and deleted my retirement orders with a view to court martial me after I exercised that Constitutional right,  says Col. Amerine, according to partial remarks provided to The Washington Times by Mr. Hunter s office. For nearly five months, I have received no relief from the military and there has been no transparency in their investigation of me. My pay was even stopped briefly after the Army deleted my retirement orders. Mr. Hunter, California Republican and member of the House Armed Services Committee, wrote to Jon T. Rymer, the inspector general, about three soldiers against whom he believed Army Secretary John McHugh retaliated. He asked for an IG investigation into Mr. McHugh s use of the Criminal Investigation Command. Specifically, my concern is that the Army   under the leadership of Secretary of the Army   has used CID for the purpose of influencing actions/outcomes and retaliating against soldiers,  he wrote.He cited three soldiers:  Col. Amerine. The officer worked in a small Army unit at the Pentagon and he devoted himself to developing policies to gain the release of Americans held by Islamic extremists. He came to believe the administration s hostage policies were in disarray and told Mr. Hunter. The congressman proposed legislation to create a hostage coordinator to work with the various agencies involved, such as the FBI, Pentagon and State Department.  Maj. Matt Golsteyn. Also a Green Beret, Maj. Golsteyn saw his valor awards and Special Forces tab stripped by Secretary McHugh. The officer was accused of killing a Taliban bomb-maker, but was never officially charged. He faces a board of inquiry hearing.  Sgt. First Class Earl Plumlee. Sgt. Plumlee was nominated for the Medal of Honor, the nation s highest military award, for repelling an attack on a base in Afghanistan and saving lives. The MOH was endorsed by top commanders, including Marine Gen. Joseph Dunford, the next chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. But Mr. McHugh downgraded the award to a Silver Star. Mr. Hunter said it was based on a  questionable CID investigation. Col. Amerine already has filed a whistleblower retaliation complaint with the IG. The Army probe began after the FBI complained that Col. Amerine was providing information to Congress. I have personally met with the Federal Bureau of Investigation on the developments leading up to the Army investigation,  Mr. Hunter told Mr. Rymer.  An investigation, I firmly believe, was not warranted, but continues to be unjustifiably delayed. Col. Amerine holds a special place in the history of the Afghanistan war. He led a joint Green Beret-Afghan team in the 2001 invasion, and fought along side Hamid Karzai, the future president.An Army spokesman has said,  As a matter of policy, we do not confirm the names of individuals who may or may not be under investigation to protect the integrity of a possible ongoing investigation, as well as the privacy rights of all involved. However, I note that both the law and Army policy would prohibit initiating an investigation based solely on a Soldier s protected communications with.Via: Washington Times ",0
15580,AIR FORCE WILL EASE POLICY ON DISCHARGING TRANSGENDERS,"As a side note, I m just curious when did the world agree to forfeit the rainbow (a sign from God to Noah that he would never again flood the earth) as the official symbol for the gay community?The Air Force announced policy changes Thursday that will make it more difficult to discharge transgender troops, a move that mirrors one made in March by the Army and puts the Pentagon a step closer to allowing transgender people to serve openly.Troops diagnosed with gender dysphoria or who identify as transgender are generally discharged from serving, based on medical grounds. Those decisions have been made by doctors and unit commanders. The new Air Force policy requires those decisions to be reviewed by high-level officials at Air Force headquarters. Though the Air Force policy regarding involuntary separation of gender dysphoric Airmen has not changed, the elevation of decision authority to the Director, Air Force Review Boards Agency, ensures the ability to consistently apply the existing policy,  Daniel Sitterly, a top Air Force personnel official, said in a statement.The Air Force and Army moves follow a number of statements from top Pentagon officials about dismantling the policy allowing transgender troops to be kicked out of the services. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter said this year in response to a question about transgender service that ability to perform military tasks should be the standard for eligibility.Air Force Secretary Deborah James expressed openness to allowing transgender troops to serve. From my point of view, anyone who is capable of accomplishing the job should be able to serve,  James told USA TODAY.  And so I wouldn t be surprised if this doesn t come under review. Via: USA Today",0
15581,(VIDEO) NEW AD FROM CARLY FIORINA HAMMERS HILLARY IN A BIG WAY!,"However you feel about Fiorina, this ad takes the gloves off and gives Hillary a big smack down!",0
15582,HACK THE VOTE: BALLOT BOXES EASY TARGET,"Every American should care about this no matter what party. A stolen vote is a vote taken away from YOU!  With electronic ballots there could be larger numbers of votes manipulated remotely. Easy enough The recent cyber theft of millions of personnel records from the federal government was sophisticated and potentially crippling, but hackers with just rudimentary skills could easily do even more damage by targeting voting machines, according to security experts.Voter fraud is nearly as old as elections themselves, and different states and precincts use different voting systems and machines. But in many cases, even the electronic ballots could be manipulated remotely, according to a new report by the Commonwealth Security and Risk Management for the Virginia Information Technologies Agency. That report found that the AVS WINVote machines Virginia has used since 2002 have such flimsy security that an amateur hacker could change votes from outside a polling location. Our entire democracy depends on systems with minimal, easily bypassed security.  Cris Thomas, Tenable Network Security,  This means anyone could have broken into the machines from the parking lot,  said Cris Thomas, a strategist with the Columbia, Md.-based Tenable Network Security, one of the nation s leading cyber and enterprise security firms.  Our entire democracy depends on systems with minimal, easily bypassed security. Via: FOX News",0
15583,THE STATE THAT GETS MORE REFUGEES THAN ANY OTHER IN AMERICA MAY SURPRISE YOU,"Here s one sure way to turn a solidly  red  state  blue In Fiscal year 2014, Texas resettled 7,234 refugees. However, that doesn t tell the whole story because according to the Texas Dept. of State Health Services (an excellent source of information on refugees in Texas), the actual number of migrants legally being treated as refugees last year was really 12,800 (up 24% from the previous year!).The website also tells you which counties got the most refugees.The 12,800 includes refugees, asylees, parolees, special immigrant visa holders (these are Afghans and Iraqis), and victims of trafficking.They hailed from 58 countries (therefore Texas taxpayers are on the hook for many expensive translators gratis a Bill Clinton executive order for all sorts of reasons access to health care, school system problems and the criminal justice system).When I went to several different sources, I find that over 150,000 refugees have been resettled in Texas since 1983, and that number doesn t include secondary migrants from other states (Dallas County got the most secondary migrants last year 60% of all those arriving in Texas).And, of course, it doesn t include all of the children produced in three decades! Nor does it include the thousands of  unaccompanied alien children  that may not have been distributed around the nation from last year s border invasion. Obama would like nothing more than to have them declared  refugees  as well (refugees get all forms of welfare upon arrival!).The top resettlement cities in Texas are (resettlement is not limited to these sites, dozens and dozens of smaller cities and towns are receiving refugees):AbileneAmarilloAustinCorpus ChristiDallasEl PasoFort WorthHoustonSan AntonioFor new readers, you might want to have a look at our archive on Amarillo which has developed into a  pocket of resistance  as the mayor there has asked the federal government to slow the flow since the school system is suffering with the influx of non-English speaking children many of whom are illiterate in their own language. The meatpacking industry is responsible for much of the resettlement to Amarillo (hunger for cheap labor!).The top nations from which Texas received refugees in 2014 were in this order: Iraq, Cuba, Burma, Afghanistan, and tied for 5th place Somalia and Bhutan(Nepal).So when did Texas move into the number one spot in the nation?For years and years other states ranked above Texas including California, New York and Florida. According to this very cool graph (above right), it was in 2011 that Texas gained this dubious distinction.And, if you are wondering why the number dipped in 2011, this is why: That year it was learned that Iraqi terrorists disguised as refugees were arrested in Kentucky. Turns out the pair had lied (can you believe it, they lied!) on their refugee application and it was only when they were found to be planning on helping Al-Qaeda in Iraq was it discovered that one of them had left fingerprints on an IED shard that was warehoused by the US military. The shard came from an IED that had killed Pennsylvania National Guard troops. They are in prison for life.The arrest threw the Refugee Admissions Program of the US State Department into chaos because they had to re-screen thousands and thousands of Iraqis headed to America. Iraqis make up the largest ethnic group we are admitting to America now at a rate of about 20,000 a year. The majority are Muslims (both Shiites and Sunnis as we import their centuries old squabble to your towns!).IT S PROBABLY NO ACCIDENT THAT BARACK OBAMA GAVE THE  Teacher of the year  award to Shanna Peoples,  A high school English teacher from Amarillo, Texas, who works with refugees:In order to question this 35-year-old legal immigration program, you must first get the facts!* Read our Fact Sheet, here. Open and read all the links in this post!* Go to the Texas Department of State Health Services website and learn all you can about the refugees coming to Texas. Don t miss the stats on their health conditions (refugees are admitted with TB, HepB, HIV and parasites).* You have a State Refugee Coordinator and her name is Caitriona Lyons (she is Irish, btw), call her and ask her to direct you to the Texas refugee plan. Here is a description of the plan and the legal requirement that every state have one (and they must keep it current). Ask her to direct you to it and read it!Remember in Texas your governor does have a say in what happens with refugee resettlement! Where has he been?Via: Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
15584,[VIDEO] AMERICAN VET DIES FIGHTING ISIS: Couldn’t Sit Back And Watch Iraq Being Taken Over By ISIS After His “Brothers Shed Their Blood” To Make Iraq “Free Democracy”,"Keith Broomfield won t likely receive any recognition from the White House for his brave and selfless decision to stand side by side in defense of innocent Kurds who are being slaughtered by Obama s JV Team.  Who has time to address a plan to deal with ISIS?  President  Obama and his lovely wife have more important things to deal with like white privilege, racist cops, and the pain of racism they still experience today while living out their second term in racist America s White House. Who has time to honor an American hero who lost his life fighting one of the most horrific enemies in world history. There s no need for Obama to address the conflict overseas he s got a race war to incite right here in America A volunteer fighter has become the first American to be killed while serving with the Kurdish YPG in Syria.Keith Broomfield, 36, originally from the town of Westminster near Boston, Massachusetts, joined the volunteer fighting group on February 24 and died on June 3 in a battle in the village of Qentere.He died near the border town of Kobani, said Nasser Haji, an official with the YPG. State Department spokesman Jeff Rathke confirmed Bloomfield s death, but declined to provide any details about the circumstances. He said the US was providing consular assistance to his family.Broomfield s mother, Donna, told NBC News from the family home in Westminster that she learned from her other son that Keith, who had been the production manager for the family s manufacturing firm, was dead.She said:  He turned his life over to the Lord and he decided this was God s will and God wanted him to do it. Mrs Broomfield said her son had left to fight around four months ago and while there was  a little bit of texting  after he first arrived, lately she had heard  nothing .She said:  I didn t want him to go but I didn t have a choice in the matter. I m waiting for his body to come back. The People s Protection Unit (YPG for short) created a foreign brigade called the Lions of Rojava to allow volunteers from around the world to join the Kurdish militia in their fight against ISIS. Those who put themselves forward are given a Kurdish nom de guerre when they join and Broomfield s was Gelhat R met. On the Lions of Rojava Facebook page, he was described as a  brave American warrior [who] came to Kobane because he could not lean back and watch the atrocities which were committed by ISIS. The post continued,  He felt very connected to the Kurdish people and was a very generous and freedom loving person. So one day our brave warrior Keith decided to make his way to Rojava and to join the fight with the YPG. He booked his flight from the United States and joined the cause. Keith s generosity could be seen in his visits to the refugee camp of Suruc [Turkish town near the Syrian border] and his desire to help the poor children who are growing up in such a dangerous environment. He was a warrior with the courage and the heart of a lion. We want to thank his mother Donna for giving birth and raising such a wonderful son.  Our hearts go out to her, his family and the American people. We thank you for your sacrifice and just want to let you know that we are crying with you. But we also want to let you know that his death will be avenged.  We will let ISIS feel what it means to kill one of our brothers. We will chase them from our land to the gates of hell. There will be no mercy and no turning back. The Save Kobani page added,  First American YPG fighter, Keith Thomas Broomfield (Gelhat R met) from Massachusetts, has been reported as martyred in clashes with ISIS close to the village of Qenter in Kobane region. You were a friend of the Kurdish people, a hero of justice and humanity. May you rest in peace, you will forever stay alive in our hearts. The fight against the Islamic State group has attracted dozens of Westerners, including a number of Iraq war veterans who have made their way back to the Middle East to join Kurdish fighters, who have been most successful against the extremist group.Many Westerners are spurred on by Kurdish social media campaigners and a sense of duty rooted in the 2003 US-led military invasion of Iraq.And while the US and its coalition allies bomb the extremists from the air, Kurds say they hope more Westerners will join them on the ground to fight.Backed by US-led coalition airstrikes, Kurdish YPG fighters in Syria have successfully pushed back Islamic State group militants from Kobani and scores of nearby villages.More recently, they have closed in on the Islamic State-held town of Tal Abyad near the Turkish border. The town is the Islamic State group s main access point to Turkey from Raqqa, the group s de facto capital in Syria.Via: UK Daily Mail",0
15585,PARENTS JAILED AND KIDS TAKEN AWAY FOR 90 MINUTE DELAY IN GETTING HOME TO 11-YEAR OLD,"This is so over the top it s not funny. I m a huge advocate of parents being there for the kids but a felony charge? Held overnight in jail? Does anyone out there have anything new to add to this or is it a case of our ever overreaching government getting into our business?If this doesn t convince lawmakers that they had better start revising the child neglect laws   and convince politicians that supporting Free-Range legislation would be a great, vote-getting platform   I m not sure what will. I got this letter a week ago and was waiting for the mom s permission to run it. Got it. Boldface mine:My children are not free range children. The younger one has always had a baby sitter. The older one who just turned 11 a couple of weeks ago always had a baby sitter as well. This school year that changed. The eleven year old comes home and is met by his dad who lets him in the house. In the event dad isn t here on time, his instructions are to wait in the backyard until I come home about 20 minutes later.On this particular day, a little more than a month ago, both dad and I were both running late due bad traffic and rain. We were about and hour and a half late. When we arrived the police had been anonymously called and we were arrested for child neglect.We still do not have our children, we are fighting for our own freedom and due to the nature of my employment I am no longer employed. My son was in his own yard playing basketball, not in the street or at the park. The authorities claim he had no access to water or shelter. We have an open shed in the back yard and 2 working sinks and 2 hoses. They said he had no food. He ate his snacks already. He had no bathroom, but the responding officer found our yard good enough to relieve himself in while our son sat in a police car alone. In his own yard, in a state, Florida, that has no minimum age for children to be alone. If you have any advice for what I should do I will accept it.The advice I gave was to contact The National Association of Parents, which fights for the rights of parents (including the Meitivs) to raise their kids without government interference, except in cases of clear and convincing evidence of actual or imminent harm. That threshhold is a far cry from whatever horrors are visited upon tweens playing basketball while waiting for their parents to get home. (To support the Association of Parents with a donation, go here.)Then on Friday, the mom wrote back:I just wanted to give you an update. Our sons were returned to us on Tuesday/Wednesday in the children s court/DCF with adjudication withheld. However the criminal prosecutor is not dropping the charges as of today. We have to appear in the criminal court on June 11th to put in our plea. I would love to speak to someone however due to my job (which is still on the line) I don t know if it will make it better or worse. I am a state and county employee with the school system and I was made to sign a paper stating I would not speak with teachers parents or students regarding the matter.That being said, it is possible this mom will never talk publicly about this case. Even so, WE should talk about it. It is time to rein in the power of the state to turn parents into criminals simply because they are imperfect.Perfection is impossible in this world, and if the government is allowed to hound a family whose plans got mildly screwed up, it can hound every single one of us.Via: Free Range Kids",0
15586,CLUELESS IN LIBYA: CLINTON E-MAILS SHOW MORE THAN YOU MIGHT THINK," We came,we saw, he died    HRCIn short, without Mrs. Clinton s vigorous intervention, Qadhafi would still be in power, Libya would still be a country, and the jihadis who now own the place would be toast. And, of course, Chris Stevens, Smith, Doherty and Woods would still be alive.The emails show more than you might think:On August 21, 2011, a top aide to Hillary Clinton penned a memo lauding his boss for steering U.S. policy in Libya, aimed at convincing the media of her accomplishments as Secretary of State. HRC has been a critical voice on Libya in administration deliberations, at NATO, and in contact group meetings as well as the public face of the U.S. effort in Libya. She was instrumental in securing the authorization, building the coalition, and tightening the noose around Qadhafi and his regime,  Clinton aide Jake Sullivan wrote.Sullivan s memo to Mrs. Clinton s inner circle is, of course, embarrassing today, which is one reason you are not reading about it on the front pages of The New York Times or The Washington Post.But that s not the only reason.The memo, as well as other critical State Department correspondence, was withheld from multiple committees in Congress that have been investigating the September 11, 2012 attacks in Benghazi that killed U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens, State Department communications officer Sean Smith, and two former Navy Seals then working on contract to the CIA, Glen Doherty and Tyrone Woods.It finally surfaced on May 22, 2015, in response to a subpoena from the Select Committee on Benghazi chaired by South Carolina Republican Congressman Trey Gowdy. That was six months after Gowdy s initial request to the State Department for all documents relating to Benghazi, and more than two-and-a-half years after a similar request from the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, which initiated its investigation into Benghazi just days after the attacks.In Sullivan s memo, Mrs. Clinton was the driving force in getting the Russians to drop opposition to a UN-imposed no fly zone on Qadhafi s Libya. She alone got Turkey, Qatar and Jordan to join the coalition military operations and to provide critical support to the anti-Qadhafi forces.To convince skeptical allies to embrace her policies, Sullivan noted that Mrs. Clinton had traveled to Paris, London, Berlin, Rome, Abu Dhabi, Addis Ababa and Istanbul. She visited with  House Democrats and Senate Republicans to persuade them not to de-fund the Libya operation. Sullivan s memo provided background for media appearances by Secretary Clinton in the ensuing months, including a famous encounter with a TV news reporter in Afghanistan, just three days after Mrs. Clinton s October 2011 visit to Libya to proclaim victory against the then-still-missing Libyan dictator.In video outtakes, Clinton aide Huma Abedin hands the Secretary a Blackberry, with information that Colonel Qadhafi has been killed, apparently just hours after Mrs. Clinton s brief visit to the country. We came, we saw, he died,  Mrs. Clinton joked.In short, without Mrs. Clinton s vigorous intervention, Qadhafi would still be in power, Libya would still be a country, and the jihadis who now own the place would be toast. And, of course, Chris Stevens, Smith, Doherty and Woods would still be alive.After the attacks, Mrs. Clinton quickly forgot her leading role on Libya, sending a clueless Susan Rice to the Sunday talk shows to be the  public face  of the Obama administration s Libya policy.In her only public appearances to address what happened in Benghazi, she portrayed herself as a disengaged onlooker, called upon to pick up the pieces when the hired help failed to get things right.  [It] was very disappointing to me that the [Accountability Review Board (ARB)] concluded there were inadequacies and problems in the responsiveness of our team here in Washington to the security requests that were made by our team in Libya. And I was not aware of that going on. It was not brought to my attention,  she told the House Foreign Affairs committee in January 2013.She reminded House and Senate panels in January 2013 that the State Department s ARB, which she appointed, had determined that the failures in Benghazi were entirely the responsibility of lower level officials, even though Libya was among the top ten most dangerous postings in the world at the time of the attacks. The Washington Post s Glenn Kessler busily helped to reinforce that fiction in a  fact-checking  blog aimed to show that there were simply too many cables going in and out of the State Department for a busy Secretary to see all of them.Interestingly, in the approximately 300 Clinton emails the State Department has released so far, there is no record of Mrs. Clinton s original request to her staff to draft a memo lauding her achievements in Libya. Did Sullivan simply dream up the idea and forward it up the chain of command to see if it would please his boss? Or was Mrs. Clinton s request for these talking points one of the 30,000  personal  emails the former Secretary of State deleted as irrelevant to her official duties?Mrs. Clinton s chief of staff Cheryl Mills forwarded Sullivan s August 2011 memo to a second private Hillary email address. Remember how she insisted that she had just one private email account? The memo included a note that said,  Here s the memo.  That sounds an awful lot like,  Here s the memo you requested. Hillary sent it on to her personal assistant with the instruction,  Pls print for me. This type of exchange gets repeated many times in the Clinton emails released so far, suggesting that Mrs. Clinton was not given to making substantive comments via email, or that she deleted material that is relevant to the House Select Committee on Benghazi and is therefore guilty of obstructing justice. The other possibility is that the State Department Freedom of Information office is inexplicably dragging its feet in clearing Mrs. Clinton s correspondence, even though the delay casts Mrs. Clinton in an embarrassing light.Judicial Watch and other watchdog organizations including this author had been trying to get Mrs. Clinton s emails and other U.S. government documents relevant to the Benghazi attacks for the past two-and-a-half years without success until the subpoena from the Select Committee on Benghazi compelled a response.Now, thanks to a federal court order in Washington, DC, compelling the State Department to produce additional documents it previously had said did not exist or were properly categorized as classified, we can now put Mrs. Clinton s emails into a broader context.As the first reports of the attacks on Benghazi were whizzing through the State Department Operations Center, bouncing off the computers of lower level employees, one is impressed by their professionalism.For example, the British security firm that had the contract to guard the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi sent several ungrammatical missives through a State Department contact to update him on what was happening during the attacks.Dylan Davies, one of the contractors working for the security firm, was apparently holed up in his hotel room (not at the scene of the Compound leading a daring rescue attempt, as he told CBS  60 Minutes), with no information at 11:55 p.m. local time by which time, Ambassador Stevens and Sean Smith were dead, the CIA contractors led by Ty Woods had driven the attackers away from the burning diplomatic compound, and evacuated back to the CIA Annex.A half hour later, Davies sent a second report, claiming there had been  no casualties,  and relaying a hearsay report from his  Benghazi facilitator,  who claimed that sources on the street were telling him the attack was either a September 11th anniversary attack, or caused by an Internet movie  disrespecting Mohammed. In relaying those reports, the State Department s Command Center cautioned that they should be  taken with a grain of salt as the Employee may not be aware of the extent of the situation. And yet, less than four hours later with no other independent reporting that had been released Hillary Clinton issued her statement blaming the attacks on an Internet video.What happened in the meantime? Who pushed the idea of the Internet video?The short answer is that:we still don t know. Either Mrs. Clinton destroyed the emails and other documents showing how she latched onto a report her own specialists had rejected as hearsay, or perhaps the Archangel Gabriel whispered in her ear while she had her head in a closet in her 7th floor office suite.Several emails released to Judicial Watch show the intense involvement of the Bureau of Public Affairs in scouring the Internet for information on the attacks, but nothing to suggest the Secretary of State was asking the intelligence community what they knew.At 9:30 p.m, just 40 minutes before Mrs. Clinton issued her official statement blaming the attacks on a YouTube video Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Public Affairs Dana Shell Smith sent out a request to her reporting officers to find information  in the aftermath of today s demonstrations at Embassy Cairo.  For whatever reason, her request failed to mention Benghazi.Rebecca Brown Thompson, head of a State Department media office called the  Rapid Response Unit  (reminiscent of the Clinton campaign  war room ), responded by sending snippets from Facebook postings gleaned by Arabic language media analysts. I see a variety of responses spanning from conspiracy theories (that is what the Americans and Israelis are doing on purpose to hurt Arabs and Muslims, they financed the offensive movie), to those who condemn the attacks as  UnIslamic and barbaric,  one analyst reported.Two hours after Mrs. Clinton issued the statement blaming the attacks on the  inflammatory material posted on the Internet,  a second Arabic media analyst tasked with justifying that statement found a lone tweet about the film, but also reported that  some Twitter users in Libya and Egypt are spreading reports that the attacks in Libya may not be related to the infamous film but to the killing of Al Qaeda s second in command, who is Libyan. The  infamous  film, which was much less well known in Libya than in Egypt, became the subject of a scurrilous account appearing the very next morning that was penned by Max Blumenthal, son of the infamous Sid  Vicious  Blumenthal who was advising Mrs. Clinton. It was picked up and amplified in a second attack blog posted at 6:56 a.m. the same morning, suggesting that the real blame for the attacks in Cairo and Benghazi fell on Mitt Romney and his  extremist  backers who produced this YouTube video in the first place.Once information from the professionals rose to the level of Jake Sullivan, Huma Abedin and Cheryl Mills in Clinton s office, it just seemed to disappear, replaced with a weird concoction of politics, public relations and outright fantasy, such as the YouTube video concoction or the Sid Blumenthal  intelligence  reports. (When Mrs. Clinton sent those around to the professional diplomats, the comments she received in response were rarely complimentary.)The 300 recently released Clinton emails give the impression that the 7th floor of the State Department was inhabited by a bunch of grad students, pretending to be government officials.The most tragic example of the apparent ignorance of how the State Department and the federal government actually worked appeared in Mrs. Clinton s order to not engage the Foreign Emergency Support Team (FEST), an interagency team on 24/7 stand-by alert, that had been created to respond to just such an emergency as the Benghazi attacks.Counterterrorism Bureau official Mark Thompson, who helped to establish the FEST after the 1998 Africa embassy attacks, testified at length before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee about this on May 8, 2013.The Judicial Watch emails include a frustrated note he sent to the State Department Operations Center at 9:01 p.m. on the night of the attacks, complaining that Secretary Clinton was trying to get the FBI to send an evidence response team to Libya, when  the State (CT) led Foreign Emergency Support Team (FEST) would include those folks, along with experts from other agencies. We should avoid multiple requests for assistance and rely on the comprehensive FEST approach. In his Congressional testimony, Thompson said he had tried to get Mrs. Clinton s office and the White House to approve activating the FEST as soon as he first learned about the attacks from the State Operations Center, but was told  it was not the right time and it was not the team that needed to go right then. The redacted portions of Thompson s email undoubtedly included a reference to the heavily-armed special operations component of the FEST whose job would be to secure the facility under attack. Had Secretary Clinton not told the FEST to stand down early on, there s a chance they might have arrived in Benghazi before Woods and Doherty were killed in the 5 a.m. mortar attack the next morning.At the very least, they would have been able to secure the compounds and gather evidence on the spot, instead of waiting three weeks as the FBI was ultimately forced to do.Mrs. Clinton s aversion to any overt U.S. military presence in Libya was well-known at U.S. Africa Command, which had been supplying the ambassador s security detail up until just weeks before the attacks.  We were not allowed to wear uniforms outside the embassy compound, not even our boots,  the head of Stevens  U.S. Special Forces security detail told me.  People high up at State resented like Hell us being there and doing what we did. And in the end, those same people ordered the Ambassador s Special Forces security detail to leave Libya with disastrous consequences.Via: Accuracy in Media",0
15587,WHO NEEDS NANCY PELOSI WHEN CONGRESS HAS PAUL RYAN: “It’s [Obamatrade deal] declassified and made public once it’s agreed to”,"Why do we even need a Congress anymore? We have a King, and it appears the majority his council are there at his behest. In fact, why do we even need a Constitution or elections? Chief Obamatrade proponent House Ways and Means Committee chairman Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI) admitted during Congressional testimony on Wednesday evening that despite tons of claims from him and other Obamatrade supporters to the contrary, the process is highly secretive.He also made a gaffe in his House Rules Committee testimony on par with former Speaker Rep. Nancy Pelosi s (D-CA) push to pass Obamacare, in which she said infamously said:  we have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it. It s declassified and made public once it s agreed to,  Ryan said of Obamatrade in Rules Committee testimony on Wednesday during questioning from Rep. Michael Burgess (R-TX).What Ryan is trying to convince House Republicans to do is vote for Trade Promotion Authority (TPA) which would fast-track at least three highly secretive trade deals specifically the Trans Pacific Partnership (TPP), the Trade in Services Agreement (TiSA), and the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (T-TIP) and potentially more deals.Right now, TiSA and T-TIP text are completely secretive and unavailable for even members of Congress to read while TPP text is available for members to review although they need to go to a secret room inside the Capitol where only members of Congress and certain staffers high-level security clearances, who can only go when members are present, can read the bill.Ryan s exchange in which he made this gaffe came as Burgess, who opposes Obamatrade, and Rules Committee chairman Rep. Pete Sessions (R-TX)65% , who stands with Ryan supporting it, were discussing the secrecy of the deal with him. It came right after an incredible exchange where Ryan attempted a ploy to try to save immigration provisions contained within the Obamatrade package as a whole specifically TiSA that were exposed by Breitbart News earlier on Wednesday, a problem for which he put forward a phony non-solution designed to get more votes for his Obamatrade agenda but not stop the immigration provisions. I would like to add and I stated this up front, that the gentleman Mr. Ryan worked well with not only myself but other members to address specific ideas, concerns, issues and you have done an outstanding job to make sure instead of saying,  well that s not a problem, no I m not going to get into that,  you ve bent over backwards Mr. Ryan,  Sessions said. I ve watched you do this and working with us, whether it be a request from the United States Senate that was done on a bipartisan basis or whether it be one of our members, we have tried to work with those things. This, Dr. Burgess, this is why I can tout this agreement because we ve tried to go in whether it s the areas that I ve talked about foreign policy, dispute resolution, climate change, sovereignty, immigration, currency, transparency, fast-track, presidential power and more that haven t previously been addressed we ve tried to thoughtfully articulate a good answer and Mr. Ryan has done that most favorably and I think his articulation today is evidence of his knowledge of those parameters therein. After Sessions  pitch, Burgess jumped back in to make another point. And I appreciate all of that but again, you read through this language down in the secret room and I welcome the day when people can read it  Burgess said, before Ryan cut him off. By the way, TPA it s declassified and made public once it s agreed to,  Ryan said.What Ryan is technically referring to is that TPP will become public if TPA is agreed to but Congress will lose much of its ability to have oversight over and influence on the process, since TPP is, in many respects, already negotiated. It s 800 pages long, and on fast-track, Congress will only get an up-or-down vote and won t be able to offer amendments. The Senate vote threshold also drops down to a simple majority rather than normally having a 60-vote threshold, or in the case of treaties, a 67-vote threshold.Burgess then moved forward with his point. But this is really tough sledding and it s not an area where I have a lot of familiarity and I m sorry,  Burgess said.  The language as its written looks to me as if it is something that could be exploited. I appreciate all the safeguards you ve tried to put in place. And with this administration you can leave no stone unturned as far as putting in safeguards but I m not convinced that we again I can t get into the specifics of what I ve read because of the agreement that I signed downstairs but it concerns me and I ll just leave it at that and I ll yield back. Sessions then jumped in to say he and Ryan are available to answer any questions about this matter whenever anyone wants yet Sessions  committee staff is publicly refusing to answer any detailed questions from Breitbart News on Obamatrade at this time. I thank the gentleman,  Sessions said..  In fact the gentleman, Mr. Levin is correct there will be some changes that have to go back to the United States Senate but I would like to say with great confidence to my dear friend the gentleman from Lewisville, Texas, that if you still have reservations from your reading of anything I would encourage you to engage the gentleman Mr. Ryan or myself, Dr. Burgess, any time you d like. I m available. Mr. Ryan s available. We ve made ourselves available with specifics on the same level. Burgess noted how the process seeking fast-track in the Bush administration was much more transparent than it is now. Thank you Mr. Chairman. I promised to be on my best behavior today and I am really trying it took a long time for me to even be able to see the agreement down in the secret room even though I was willing to sign the release that said I wouldn t talk about it. It took me a long time to get an audience with the U.S. Trade Representative,  Burgess said.  It should not have done that. Ten years ago we did CAFTA [Central American Free Trade Agreement], Sen. Rob Portman (R-OH)56% was in my office he lived there. I couldn t get rid of him. This time, I couldn t get a it was an act of Congress literally to get him to come and talk to my subcommittee on Energy and Commerce, which is the subcommittee of Commerce, Manufacturing and Trade. That s how difficult this has been, so please I thank you for the work you ve done in trying to make this an open and fair process but my confidence in this administration has been and remains at an all time low and I appreciate what we ve heard today but I can t tell you that I m mollified by Ryan then interrupted Burgess again to argue that his concerns over the secrecy are why Republicans should relent and support Obamatrade. All I would say is all the more reason to pass TPA,  Ryan said.  First of all, yes this administration is different and I can jump on the bash bandwagon better than anybody else as far as how they conduct themselves. Via: Matthew Boyle  Breitbart News",0
15588,MARCO RUBIO IS CALLED IRRESPONSIBLE FOR BUYING A FISHING BOAT…Hillary Buys A Mansion In NY To Run For Senate…Crickets,"Before we explore the actual details of Marco Rubio s  extravagant purchase,  let s take a look at the brilliant tweet by Bill Sanderson, pointing out the hypocrisy of the left by comparing Marco Rubio s family home to Hillary s:https://twitter.com/mrgeology/status/608344761758568448After doing a deep dive on the Rubio s traffic violation history last week (just kidding, it wasn t a deep dive but instead information handed over by the far left American Bridge), the New York Times is back for more publishing of American Bridge material. This time, the NYT is letting everyone know just how broke the Rubio s were when they were young(er), just like everyone else in America. Oh, and that he s had trouble with his finances like every other person in America. And, he likes fun toys like any good man in America.For years, Senator Marco Rubio struggled under the weight of student debt, mortgages and an extra loan against the value of his home totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars. But in 2012, financial salvation seemed to have arrived: A publisher paid him $800,000 to write a book about growing up as the son of Cuban immigrants.In speeches, Mr. Rubio, a Florida Republican, spoke of his prudent plan for using the cash to finally pay off his law school loans, expressing relief that he no longer owed  a lady named Sallie Mae,  as he once called the lender. Oh, and guess what guys? Marco Rubio had the nerve to buy a speed boat in Florida. How irresponsible. UPDATE: It was a fishing boat for his family, not an  extravagant   luxury speedboat  as the NYT claims.But at the same time, he splurged on an extravagant purchase: $80,000 for a luxury speedboat, state records show. At the time, Mr. Rubio confided to a friend that it was a potentially inadvisable outlay that he could not resist. The 24-foot boat, he said, fulfilled a dream.Here s a photo of the boat, and no, that isn t Rubio driving the boat.This is so ridiculous I m actually laughing at my computer right now. Rubio had student loan debt? Yeah, so? A lot of people do. The Rubios had trouble balancing their spending? Who doesn t? Rubio took out a loan on his home to make ends meet? Good for him, lots of people do. He was paid a hefty amount of money to write a book about his upbringing that he used to pay off debt? Even better. He had more than one home now? Cool, wish I did too. He spent $80,000 on a speed fishing boat in ocean surrounded Florida after paying off his debt? How could he?!Marco Rubio and his family are normal people chasing the American Dream and that scares the hell out of  dead broke so we could pay mortgages  Hillary Clinton supporters. The different between Rubio and Clinton is that Rubio embraces success and policies that allow every American to own multiple homes and a speed boat someday. Clinton, however, relishes in wealth instead of encouraging Americans to become wealthy themselves to live the good life. According to Clinton, not everyone can be queen.Via: Townhall",0
15589,WHY ARE GOOGLE AND FACEBOOK ATTENDING BILDERBERG’S 2015 LUXURY SECRET POLICY CONFERENCE?,"Why are banking powerhouses, European Prime Ministers, a major arms manufacturer, a representative from the US State Department, Facebook and Google all attending the same secret policy summit? One of Bilderberg s founders and steering committee member, Denis Healey said in 2001:  To say we were striving for a one-world government is exaggerated, but not wholly unfair. Those of us in Bilderberg felt we couldn t go on forever fighting one another for nothing and killing people and rendering millions homeless. So we felt that a single community throughout the world would be a good thing. From The Guardian: As one summit closes, another opens. Thursday sees the start of the influential Bilderberg policy conference, which this year is being held in Austria, just 16 miles south of the G7 summit, and in a similarly inaccessible luxury alpine resort. The participant list for the conference has just been released by the organisation, and some big names leap off the page.No fewer than three serving European prime ministers will be attending, from the Netherlands, Finland and Belgium. They will be discussing  European strategy  with the head of Nato, Jens Stoltenberg, and the president of Austria, Heinz Fischer. Two European finance ministers are on the list: one Dutch, the other George Osborne. The UK chancellor is a regular attendee of the Bilderberg summit, and this year he will be showing off his post-election glow. Unlike that other Bilderberg regular, Ed Balls, who is being invited back despite having by some considerable distance the weakest job title on the list:  former shadow chancellor of the exchequer.Europe s hottest financial potato, Greece, is on the conference agenda, and it s good to know Beno t Coeur , a member of the executive board of the European Central Bank, will be there to discuss it in strictest privacy with interested parties, such as the heads of Deutsche Bank, Lazard, Banco Santander and HSBC.The scandal-hit HSBC and everyone s favourite vampire squid, Goldman Sachs, are both extremely well represented at this year s conference. HSBC in particular by its chairman, its busy chief legal officer, and board member Rona Fairhead, who is also on the board of PepsiCo and chair of the BBC Trust. Good to know the BBC is in such safe hands.Other financial luminaries on the list include the vice-chairman of BlackRock, the CEO of JP Morgan Asset Management and the president of the Royal Bank of Canada, which is the nation s largest financial institution. Morgan Stanley will be represented in Telfs by board member Klaus Kleinfeld, who also runs the world s third largest aluminium producer, Alcoa.From the worlds of industry and manufacturing are some eye-wateringly big names. The CEO of Michelin is invited, along with the head of Roche, the CEO of Royal Dutch Shell, the chairman of BP, the CEO of Siemens Austria and the heads of various industrial conglomerates such as Techint and Investor AB, companies so large they re hard to classify. Although  gigantic  goes some way towards it.It s a heady step up into the big league for Michael O Leary, the CEO of Ryanair. He ll doubtless be hoping to thrash out a few last-minute deals over dinner with the head of Airbus, Thomas Enders.Apart from making holiday jets, Airbus is also one of the world s biggest arms manufacturers, and the 2015 conference agenda has a distinct whiff of war. Chemical weapons threats and Nato are both set to be discussed. Luckily the head of Nato is there to discuss it.As ever, foreign policy formation is a big part of the conference. Terrorism and Iran both make the agenda this year, and participants can expect a high-level briefing from senior US State Department official John R Allen, the special presidential envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter Isil. And it s likely that the subject of Russia will be of interest to the German defence minister and deputy defence minister, both of whom have found the time this week to be in Telfs. As has the head of the Danish intelligence service, who will likely have a part to play in the session of cybersecurity.Finally, it s worth noting the growing presence of Google at Bilderberg. The company s executive chairman, Eric Schmidt, is on the group s steering committee; he ll be joined in Austria by his vice-president for engineering, advanced technology and projects, and the vice-president of engineering for the not-at-all terrifying sounding Google DeepMind. They, presumably, will be leading the session on artificial intelligence. This will be listened to with great interest by Peter Thiel, the founder of PayPal and director of Facebook, as he continues his quest to merge with computers. But that s another story.For now, the story is: Bilderberg 2015 has an extremely high-powered participant list, featuring a large number of senior politicians and public figures. With participants this powerful, and an agenda containing this many hot topics, the Telfs policy conference is sure to be covered in depth by the world s press. And by  sure to be , I mean probably won t be. For reasons that, as ever, escape me.Via: The Guardian ",0
15590,SHOULD THIS RACIST GIRL BE FIRED FOR BEHAVING LIKE OUR FIRST LADY?,"Perhaps this young girl aspires to be the First Lady someday. Is it really fair to fire her for making racist remarks on social media when our  President  and First Lady have been on a  hate/blame the white man  media tour since they entered the White House? Meet Illinois resident Shana Poohpooh Latrice, a Brookfield Zoo employee who made the mistake of sharing an Instagram photo on Facebook with the caption,  At work serving these rude ass white people :She made the even bigger mistake of tagging the photo as having been taken at the zoo.As a result, Brookfield Zoo got bombarded with a litany of complaints from pissed-off zoo visitors who found her comments to be  clearly hateful and racist. Some even demanded that Latrice be fired for her mistake, and judging by what spokeswoman Sondra Katzen told reporters, that s exactly what s going to happen. This employee s statements in social media are in violation of our policies and do not reflect our institution s values,  she said.  We have zero tolerance for these kinds of divisive behaviors. We treat all employment matters confidentially, but rest assured that we have taken prompt action to remedy the situation. Via: DownTrend ",0
15591,LEFTIST BON JOVI TO PLAY FUNDRAISER FOR HILLARY’S ‘Everyday People’ With Tickets Only One-Percenters Can Afford,"It s almost like Hillary s not really that interested in the  everyday people after all  except of course, when it comes to voting Hillary Clinton is coming to New Jersey this month to raise money for her presidential campaign with Jon Bon Jovi.According to an invitation posted on her campaign s website, the June 29  Evening with Hillary  will be hosted by the rock star and his wife, Dorothea. Bon Jovi will perform.Prices for the fundraiser range from $1,000 for open seating to $2,700 priority seating. The campaign is only divulging the location to those who RSVP. Bon Jovi lives in Monmouth County. This is Clinton s first fundraiser in New Jersey since kicking off her presidential campaign in April.Via: NJ.comJon Bon Jovi is no stranger to fundraising for Hillary. In 2009, he hosted a  Debt Relief  fundraiser to help poor  dead broke  Hillary get out of her $13 million debt following her failed 2008 Presidential bid. ",0
15592,(VIDEO) WATCH OUR CHILDISH PRESIDENT TURN HIS BACK TO THE IRAQI PM AT THE G7,It s obvious that the Iraqi PM is trying to get a word in with Obama yet it s clear our childish president is freezing him out. What kind of diplomacy is this? Third grade level behavior from a grown man ,0
15593,NO “Dead broke” LESBIANS ALLOWED…,"Hillary heads to DC for an exclusive fundraiser hosted by  one-percenter lesbians Hillary Clinton will be in Washington, D.C., on Monday night for a fundraiser hosted by and attended by predominantly lesbian supporters.About 120 people are expected to attend the event, which is being billed as  an intimate fundraiser  at the Woman s National Democratic Club. The cost to attend is $2,700 per person. For the more generous, those willing to bundle $27,000 ahead of the event also get to attend a special reception with Clinton.The event is being hosted by Claire Lucas and her partner, Judy Dlugacz, who founded a travel company called Olivia, which sells cruises targeting the lesbian community. Lucas told The Huffington Post that she and Dlugacz decided a couple of weeks ago that they wanted to do something to support Clinton s presidential run, so they started reaching out to their network of contacts to gauge interest. The result is Monday s event, which Lucas estimates will be about 75 percent lesbian attendees from around the country. That s atypical for an LGBT political fundraiser, which are by and large organized and attended by gay men. We had such a big group of people wanting to attend,  said Lucas, who acknowledged it is  unusual  that the event will have such a strong lesbian presence.The Clinton event lands just as President Barack Obama has declared June as LGBT Pride Month, something he has done for several years. There are two other Pride-related fundraising events for Clinton s campaign in D.C. this week, though she is not expected to attend them.The first, on June 10, is being hosted by gay Democratic activist Lane Hudson at the Howard Theater. The second one, on June 11, is being hosted by LGBT supporters at Lost Society. That event will include appearances by Sen. Tammy Baldwin (D-Wis.), the first openly lesbian U.S. senator, and four other openly gay members of Congress: Reps. Jared Polis (D-Colo.), David Cicilline (D-R.I.), Sean Patrick Maloney (D-N.Y.) and Mark Takano (D-Calif.).Clinton is a vocal supporter of LGBT rights and featured a gay couple in the campaign kick-off video she used in April to announce her presidential run. That couple later invited Clinton to their wedding.Via: Huffington Post",0
15594,[VIDEO] WHAT JERRY SEINFELD HAS TO SAY ABOUT OVERLY PC COLLEGE KIDS WILL MAKE THE LEFT CRAZY,"Kids Just Want To Use Words  That s racist, that s sexist.  They don t even know what they re talking about Like Chris Rock and Larry the Cable Guy, Jerry Seinfeld avoids doing shows on college campuses. And while talking with ESPN s Colin Cowherd on Thursday, the comedian revealed why: College kids today are too politically correct. I hear that all the time,  Seinfeld said on The Herd with Colin Cowherd.  I don t play colleges, but I hear a lot of people tell me,  Don t go near colleges. They re so PC. Seinfeld says teens and college-aged kids don t understand what it means to throw around certain politically-correct terms.  They just want to use these words:  That s racist;   That s sexist;   That s prejudice,  he said.  They don t know what the f k they re talking about. The funnyman went on to recount a conversation he and his wife had with their 14-year-old daughter, which he believes proved his point. My wife says to her,  Well, you know, in the next couple years, I think maybe you re going to want to be hanging around the city more on the weekends, so you can see boys,  Seinfeld recalled.  You know what my daughter says? She says,  That s sexist. https://youtu.be/zP769IdU_YECowherd pointed out the flack comedian Louis C.K. received after his controversial appearance on Saturday Night Live last month, further proving Seinfeld s point. Louis  great gift is that he doesn t worry, he just does his thing,  he said. And Seinfeld s not scared to make his point, either:  If I wanted to say something, I would say it. But for now, Seinfeld will stick to covering the topics he can feels he can make humorous, PC or not.  I talk about the subjects I talk about because for some reason I can make them funny,  he said.  The ones I can t make funny, you don t hear. Via: Entertainment Weekly",0
15595,SHARPTON SHAKES DOWN PASTORS FOR DONATIONS AT MEMORIAL FOR BLACK YOUTHS: Black Pastor Calls Sharpton A “Pimp”,"Hey Al  Why don t you try going into the neighborhoods of Chicago and ask the residents to contribute to your worthless charity? Everyone knows  Shakedown Al does nothing to help the hundreds of young black men who are killed by other black youths every year. It s all about the contributions to Al and his worthless  charity At a Hartford, Connecticut rally supposedly called to protest five homicides of young people in the city over the past two weeks   four of them shootings   Rev. Al Sharpton was challenged Saturday by a black pastor for asking every preacher present to donate $100 to Sharpton s civil rights organization, National Action Network (NAN). I want to be here to see a memorial for the young people that have died,  said Sharpton at Shiloh Baptist Church, according to CT News Junkie.  I want the names and their stories up so children can see they don t want to be on that wall. Pastor Marcus Mosiah Jarvis of Christ the Cornerstone Praise and Western Tabernacle, however, shouted at Sharpton as he strode down the center aisle of the crowded church,  How dare you ask the people of Hartford to give you their money! You re nothing but a pimp! Jarvis slammed Sharpton for using the supposed anti-violence rally as a cover for  coming into a community where people are struggling for jobs, struggling for money, and demanding money to speak. Don t you come up in here asking us for money,  Jarvis yelled, according to Fox CT.Jarvis was about to be escorted out of the church, but he instead remained in the rear. Sharpton responded to his challenge by removing $1,000 in cash from his suit pocket. Everything that you all raise will go to a memorial,  he said.  [F]or the lives that could have gone on to cure cancer. Lives that could have been the next President of the United States. Sharpton founded NAN in 1991. As Breitbart News reported in April of last year, the IRS fined the nonprofit for not properly reporting its taxes, and it was charged with $1.9 million in back taxes and penalties. Additionally, the New York Times reported last November that Sharpton owes more than $4.5 million in state and federal taxes. Mr. Sharpton has regularly sidestepped the sorts of obligations most people see as inevitable, like taxes, rent and other bills,  reported the Times.The rally was the culmination of a march through Hartford in which Sharpton and about 150 mostly black individuals participated. Rev. Dr. Boise Kimber invited Sharpton to speak.According to the Hartford Police Department, the city saw 49 shooting victims between January and May 16.Jarvis later said local efforts are essential to initiate change in a community, reports CT News Junkie. We re setting in place classes where people can come for credit repair, establishing credit, home ownership, creating a resume, how to look for a job, mock interviews  that s how you empower people, not creating memorials,  he said.Via: Breitbart News",0
15596,HELL-BENT ON A CONVICTION: Is The Pentagon’s Third Attempt At Convicting A Marine For The Death Of An Iraqi Citizen Politically Motivated?,"Which begs the question:How many Iraqi s have been placed on trial for similar circumstances? And do the rules of engagement only apply to the US Military? A retrial is set to begin Monday at Camp Pendleton for a Marine convicted in the 2006 killing of an Iraqi civilian   one of the most high-profile and legally and politically complex court martials of the Iraq war.Sgt. Lawrence Hutchins was convicted in 2007 by a Marine jury of unpremeditated murder in the killing of a 52-year-old former Iraqi police officer in Hamandiya, west of Baghdad.The killing was meant as a warning to Iraqis to stop planting roadside bombs and cooperating with insurgent snipers attacking U.S. troops.Six other Marines and a Navy corpsman were also convicted in what was called the Pendleton 8 case. As the squad leader, Hutchins got the longest sentence, 15 years, later reduced to 11.Appeals courts twice have overturned Hutchins  conviction: once on grounds that the NCIS illegally obtained a confession, once because his lawyer was allowed to retire on the eve of trial. The Marine Corps has opted for a retrial.Hutchins has spent more than six years behind bars, first at the federal prison at Ft. Leavenworth, Kan., and then the brig at Miramar Marine Corps Air Station in San Diego. Since mid-2013, he has been free on appeal, restored to his rank of sergeant and assigned to Camp Pendleton, living with his wife and children.The legal case has provoked strong, contrasting opinions among Marines.Several of Hutchins  co-defendants, all of whom are long since freed and returned to civilian life, believe the killing, while brutal, saved American lives because attacks on U.S. troops declined in the following months.Other Marines believe the Marine Corps must retry Hutchins to prove that it can hold its ranks accountable for the unauthorized use of deadly force. The Marine Corps is doing what justice demands,  said Gary Solis, a retired Marine and now an adjunct law professor at Georgetown University. It is being neither unfair nor harsh,  Solis said.  An innocent Iraqi male was taken prisoner by Hutchins and his squad and, while he was bound, repeatedly shot in the face [and] murdered. Much of the evidence against Hutchins will come from squad members who were convicted in the case, Solis noted:  Given the unusually strong case against Hutchins   the Marine Corps would be derelict were it to walk away from the murder of a defenseless Iraqi. But Bing West, former Marine, former assistant secretary of Defense and author of books about combat Marines in Iraq and Afghanistan, said that, given the chaos facing Marine  grunts  during the Iraq war, a retrial is unwarranted. In a savage war, Sgt. Hutchins, mistakenly believing he was protecting his squad, killed an innocent Iraqi,  West said.  He has spent several years in the brig. Further punishment would be unjust. It is time to allow him and all of us to move on. Marine prosecutors would not comment.Christopher Oprison, a former Marine and Hutchins  defense attorney, has promised a vigorous defense in which he will assert that the Marine Corps is continuing to pursue his client for political purposes. The case, he said,  is an indictment of the entire military justice system. The prosecution is basing its case on the information obtained by rogue NCIS agents who forced these young Marines to confess under threats and coercion. Oprison insists that comments made by Navy Secy. Ray Mabus in 2009 alleging guilt by the Pendleton 8 have tainted the case and prevented Hutchins from getting a fair trial. The political pressure to make an example out of Sgt. Hutchins is palpable,  Oprison said.  Enough is enough. The gloves are off. We hope to have Sgt. Hutchins home with his wife and children on Father s Day   a free man. Under military rules, the jury will include officers and enlisted, most of whom, if not all, have served combat tours in Iraq, Afghanistan or both. The jury will decide guilt or innocence, and punishment.Via: LA Times",0
15597,HILLARY CLINTON TRIES TO FIRE UP THE MINORITY VOTE WITH LIES ABOUT ‘VOTER SUPPRESSION’, ,0
15598,ABOVE THE LAW: Obama Goes Around Congress (Again) To Place Gag Order On Reporting About Firearms,"Ultimate gun control is the end game of Barack Obama and his regime period.On June 1 Breitbart News reported on Obama s Spring 2015  Unified Agenda.  The gun control measures contained therein which were to be passed by executive fiat.Since that time Representatives like Rep. Thomas Massie (R-KY)91% (R-KY-4th) have placed riders on a DOJ appropriations bill to stop portions of the executive gun control push in its tracks. Now the NRA-ILA is revealing that the Obama administration is working behind the scenes to stifle reporting on firearms.From the NRA-ILA:Even as news reports have been highlighting the gun control provisions of the Administration s  Unified Agenda  of regulatory objectives, the Obama State Department has been quietly moving ahead with a proposal that could censor online speech related to firearms.How can this happen?Like this: The administration is reworking the International Traffic in Arms Regulations (ITAR). One of the many things regulated by ITAR are  technical data  tied to  defense articles.  This includes, but is not limited to,  detailed design, development, production or manufacturing information  about ammunition and firearms.More specifically, this kind of  technical data  would be  blueprints, drawings, photographs, plans, instructions or documentation  related to ammunition and firearms.While ITAR and its regulations have not been a concern in the past, as far as constraining or limiting  material posted on publicly available websites,  there are some within the current State Department arguing that  anything published online in a generally-accessible location has essentially been  exported,  simply by virtue of being posted, and is therefore under the purview of ITAR.Moreover, last week the State Department put forth a proposal  clarifying  how to handle releases containing  technical data  which are posted online or otherwise distributed into the  public domain.  Ultimately, the proposal would require those releasing  technical data  on ammunition or firearms to first seek government approval.Here s how the NRA-ILA summed it up:The proposal would institute a massive new prior restraint on free speech. This is because all such releases would require the  authorization  of the government before they occurred. The cumbersome and time-consuming process of obtaining such authorizations, moreover, would make online communication about certain technical aspects of firearms and ammunition essentially impossible.Public comments on the proposed changes to ITAR will be accepted until August 3, 2015. You can submit those comments at regulations.gov or e-mail them to DDTCPublicComments@state.gov with the subject line indicating the comments concern the  ITAR Amendment Revisions to Definitions; Data Transmission and Storage. Via: Breitbart News",0
15599,BALTIMORE MAYOR’S STAFF JUMPING SHIP IN DROVES AS QUESTIONS ARISE ABOUT $20 MILLION ESTIMATE FOR RIOT DAMAGE,"I guess the people who work for the Baltimore Mayor are like rats on the sinking Titanic. Maybe they figured out that it s not so smart to let rioters destroy your town and then expect the taxpayers to pick up the bloated tab. Baltimore mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake is having a problem with retaining her staff. Ever since she helped bring the hammer down on six Baltimore police officers over the accidental death of Freddie Gray, four members on her Office on Criminal Justice have resigned. As in, her four highest-ranking cabinet members have each resigned, one by one, over a three-week period. That does not paint a pretty picture on what regard the Baltimore mayor is held in with her staff members. Shannon Cosgrove, deputy director of the office resigned Tuesday. Angela Johnese, director of the criminal justice office, and Heather Brantner, the mayor s Sexual Assault Response Team coordinator, left their positions in the mayor s office on May 22. LeVar Michael, who headed the office s nonviolent programs, left two weeks ago. Not one of the departed provided a reason for leaving. The Rawlings-Blake now faces even further scrutiny as it was determined that the costs incurred to the city stemming from the Baltimore riots exceed $20 million, quite a hike from the initial estimate of $9 million. So, who wants a job in the Baltimore mayor s office? VIA: BALTIMORE SUN TIMES",0
15600,DEMOCRAT MOCKS AMERICANS For Believing ‘Climate Change’ Is Part Of Obamatrade: Two Weeks Later…Obama Announces ‘Climate Change’ Is Part of Obamatrade,"Not that it matters, but since it appears that no one has read the bill, it s probably not that unlikely that Democrat senator Ron Wyden misspoke In a speech on the Senate floor on May 22, Democratic senator Ron Wyden of Oregon ridiculed those who thought climate change regulation would be part of Obamatrade:We ve heard suggested, for example, that it s a backdoor route to immigration reform or action on climate change . My sense is that the rate these hypotheticals are going, you re bound to hear that a future president working on a trade deal might have second thoughts about the Louisiana purchase.But in an interview on NPR s Marketplace yesterday (June 3), President Obama said that enforcing climate change regulations will indeed be part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, the Obamatrade pact that he is currently negotiating with Malaysia and 10 other countries. He said:If we want to solve something like climate change, which is one of my highest priorities, then I ve got to be able to get into places like Malaysia, and say to them, this is in your interest. What leverage do I have to get them to stop deforestation? Well part of the leverage is if I m in a trade relationship with them that allows me to raise standards.In December, Obama will negotiate a multi-country climate agreement in Paris. We already know from Obama s joint announcement with China that he will commit the United States to a huge reduction in carbon emissions of 26%-28% from 2005 levels, but he will let China, already a much larger carbon emitter, continue to expand its carbon emissions until 2030.Via: American Thinker",0
15601,TAYA KYLE ENDORSES RICK PERRY FOR PRESIDENT – BASHES OBAMA," I think we need somebody who knows the military. I think he (Rick Perry) knows the military  I find it difficult to want a Commander in Chief who has no experience being in the trenches, whatsoever  I like somebody who answers to a Higher Power so it s not just all about them all the time. That they truly are going to a Higher Power to see what they can do  What I believe in is electing a leader who has a strong moral compass, who cares about people and not just himself and his own agenda. And who is humble and good economically. ",0
15602,OBAMA’S ILLEGALS TO GET RETRO TAX CREDITS FOR TIME THEY WORKED IN US ILLEGALLY With No Requirement To File,"No need to file rules don t apply to Obama s amnestied illegals Illegal immigrants granted executive amnesty can claim back tax credits for work they performed illegally, even if they never filed a tax return during those years, IRS Commissioner John Koskinen has confirmed to Sen. Chuck Grassley (R-IA).In a written response to questions Grassley, chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee, asked Koskinen following a February hearing on the IRS budget, the IRS commissioner clarified his earlier assertions that illegal immigrants granted executive amnesty   and Social Security numbers   can access Earned Income Tax Credits (EITC) for years they were working in the country illegally.Back in February, Koskinen said that in order to claim the tax credits the amnestied illegal immigrant would have had to have filed returns in the past.In his written statement to Grassley, released Wednesday, Koskinen went another step, saying an illegal immigrant granted amnesty could claim back tax credits regardless if they had filed returns in the past. To clarify my earlier comments on EITC, not only can an individual amend a prior year return to claim EITC, but an individual who did not file a prior year return may file a return and claim EITC (subject to refund limitations under section 6511 of the Internal Revenue Code). I would note that filing new returns for prior years would likely be difficult, since filers would have to reconstruct earnings and other records for years when they were not able to work on the books,  Koskinen said in his written response.According to the IRS, illegal immigrants granted amnesty, and with it Social Security numbers, can claim up to three years prior in back tax credits. Section 32 of the Internal Revenue Code requires an SSN on the return, but a taxpayer claiming the EITC is not required to have an SSN before the close of the year for which the EITC is claimed. At your request, the IRS has reviewed the relevant statutes and legislative history, and we believe that the 2000 Chief Counsel Advice (CCA) on this issue is correct,  Koskinen added.With this benefit Illegal immigrants granted amnesty could receive tens of thousands of dollars in back tax refunds.Via: Breitbart News",0
15603,WATCH HOW “Moderate American” Muslims Respond When Asked If They Prefer US or Sharia Law?,"A shocking documentary reveals that at least some American Muslims do want Sharia law right here in the United States.Ami Horowitz said that he always marvels in the  lack of integration  of the Muslim community in both the United States and Europe.So, he asked American Muslims   mostly born in the United States or immigrated to the United States legally   if they would prefer Sharia law would replace U.S. law.Of the group interviewed in the Minneapolis, many said that would like to see Sharia law be the law of the land and that they also think freedom of speech should be curtailed so that it is illegal to insult the Prophet Mohammad.Via: DownTrend",0
15604,MISS ME YET? CNN Poll Shows America Had A Different Idea About That Whole ‘Hope and Change’ Thing,"Unfortunately, our troops have been affected most by the ignorance of the American voter who couldn t see through the  smoke and mirrors  of the world s most successful con artist A CNN poll released Wednesday shows that George W. Bush is not only more popular than President Obama, a majority of Americans now view the former president in a positive light. A full 52% see Bush favorably, compared to just 43% who do not. Only 49% of Americans have a favorable opinion of Obama. The same number, 49%, do not.Obama s job approval numbers also took a serious dive in the CNN poll. Just last month, the president sat at a 48% approval rating, with just 47% disapproving. Not great, but he was at least above water. Today Obama is upside down a full 7 points, with just 45% approving of his job and a clear majority of 52% disapproving.That s an 8 point drop.On the specifics of his job, other than race relations, Obama is upside down, sometimes by huge margins, in every category: economy 46-53; ISIS 32-63; race relations 50-47; Climate Change 41-49; illegal immigration 36-60; government surveillance 29-67; health care 44-54; foreign affairs 43-55; terrorism 45-51.Since last month, Obama s numbers have worsened considerably on the specific issues of ISIS, immigration, and surveillance.Bush s favorability increase   his first in positive territory since leaving office   is likely due to two things. First, Bush has been nothing but a class act as a former president. He has stayed out of the public eye, except to further the causes like those of America s wounded warriors. He s removed himself completely from politics. People appreciate a class act, and Bush has been nothing but.Secondly, Bush s approval numbers were primarily dragged down by the Iraq War. In hindsight, though, the American people are now seeing that conflict now through a contextual prism they did not have before.As in all wars, major mistakes were made in Iraq. It is only in the television era, especially the 24/7 cable era, that this historical fact of conflict has been turned into something unique and a disqualifier. Nevertheless, Bush won the war in Iraq. The surge won the war in Iraq. It s harder to end a war than begin one. Indeed, everything that American troops have done in Iraq -  all the fighting and all the dying, the bleeding and the building, and the training and the partnering -  all of it has led to this moment of success. Now, Iraq is not a perfect place. It has many challenges ahead. But we re leaving behind a sovereign, stable and self-reliant Iraq, with a representative government that was elected by its people. We re building a new partnership between our nations. This is an extraordinary achievement, nearly nine years in the making. That is not Bush announcing the Iraq War a success, that is President Obama   just before he lost the war in an election year gambit by removing all of our troops, including the kind of stabilizing forces we still have in other countries like Korea and Japan.Compared to Obama s handling of foreign affairs, specifically in the Middle East, the Bush-era is getting a second look outside of the unceasing partisan politics and venomous media frenzies that defined his presidency. It was a long tough road to get there, but by the time Bush left office, things were better in the Middle East. The region had stabilized, or was at least stabilizing. Egypt, Libya, Iraq, and Afghanistan were all quiet or at least quieting. Our years-long engagement, sometimes at a terrible price, had made a positive difference.Obama s cynical political disengagement overseas has come at an even more terrible price. The region is on fire. Iraq is nearly lost. Libya is a terrorist haven. ISIS is on the march everywhere, especially in Obama s Iraq vacuum.War is tough and bloody and difficult and fraught with mistakes. That was true before the television age. It is true now. How would CNN cover an audacious, costly, and largely symbolic Doolittle Raid on Tokyo today? Imagine Lincoln dealing with a Washington Post, New York Times, and Wolf Blitzer in the first few years of the Civil War. It s only after you remove all the political and media smoke that one can gain a perspective.That smoke is mostly dissipated, and the American people can now see that things were better under Bush. It was hell to get there but in the end he won his war. Obama is losing everywhere and showing none of the grit to win Bush did at this time in his own presidency.Obama was supposed to be the cure for all the Bush-era ills. Democrats and the media promised us that.The American people are now realizing that the so-called cure is much worse than the problem, a problem that, as we can see now, did not need fixing.Via: Breitbart News",0
15605,THE 1 PERCENTER BABY: Chelsea’s Daughter Is Clearly Not One Of Those ‘Everyday People’ Her ‘Dead Broke’ Granny Is Championing,"But then again, with all of the cash flowing into the Clinton  Slush Fund  from foreign countries no designer should be out of reach for any member of the Clinton crime syndicate Becoming a grandmother has made Hillary Clinton think long and hard about what kind of world she wants to leave behind for future generations a world in which every American will have the same opportunities as nine-month-old Charlotte Clinton-Mezvinsky. In Hillary Clinton s America, for example, every infant child will be swathed in the hippest fabrics from the hottest celebrity fashion barons.The Daily Mail reports:Former first daughter Chelsea Clinton remembered late family friend Oscar de la Renta in a touching tribute at Monday night s CFDA Awards, and revealed that he sent her newborn daughter a special dress soon before he died, which she believes is likely one of the last pieces he ever designed.Chelsea, 35, spoke at the celebrity-packed fashion event about some of her favorite memories of the beloved designer, whom she had known since her father, former US President Bill Clinton s years in the White House.In her speech, she revealed how Mr. de la Renta boosted her self esteem with a dress he sent her as a teenager   and made her daughter Charlotte  one very lucky little girl  by sending her a dress of her own before he passed away.The elite fashion designer, who passed away last year, also designed the stunning dress Hillary wore to Chelsea s wedding ceremony in 2010. It was during a stay at de la Renta s beachfront mansion in the Dominican Republic that Hillary decided to run for president in 2016 as a champion of  everyday Americans. This entry was posted in Politics and tagged Chelsea Clinton, Hillary Clinton. Bookmark the permalink.Via: WFB",0
15606,HILLARY COULDN’T FIND 125 WOMEN TO BUY TICKETS TO ‘Women Only’ FUNDRAISER…Forced To Sell Tickets To Men,"But what about Hillary being a  formidable opponent  when it comes to women voters? Hillary Clinton had trouble attracting high-powered women to a New York talk hosted by Silda Wall Spitzer two weeks before her campaign officially kicks off. Sources said that after ticket sales fizzled for an intimate, $2,700-per-person,  just for women  meeting on Monday, the event was thrown open to men at the 11th hour, and the deadline extended to buy tickets.The  Conversation With Hillary Clinton  event at Midtown law firm Akin Gump was originally aiming to attract 125 women. An email invitation seen by Page Six said the event is  just for women.  But by Friday,  They d only sold 50 tickets, so they threw it open to men,  a source said.  Ticket sales were supposed to close at 10 a.m. Sunday, but the hostesses were working the phones and pushed the deadline till Monday. We hear about 90 attendees included former Bill Clinton aide Rep. Sean Patrick Maloney and his husband, Randy Florke, Maurice Tempelsman, Jill Braufman (wife of hedge funder Daniel Nir), Jean Shafiroff and Susan Cole. The event began at noon, but Clinton arrived at 1 p.m. in  a royal blue jacket and black pants.  She then took pictures with donors and delivered a half-hour speech before leaving at about 2 p.m.Silda introduced Clinton as a  tough, authentic leader,  which is probably more than she can say about her hard-charging ex Eliot. In a possible nod to her host, Clinton quoted Eleanor Roosevelt, quipping,  Every woman in public life needs to develop skin as tough as rhinoceros hide. Topics included  clean energy,  mental health care for college kids, keeping but  revising  ObamaCare, Vladimir Putin, and America s heroin and meth  epidemic. Meanwhile, on Monday, journalists covering Clinton met in Washington, DC, to grouse about inadequate access to the candidate. When we reached out to a local Clinton campaign rep who helped organize the event, she referred us to Clinton s deputy national press secretary, who referred us to her  rapid response spokesperson,  who, not surprisingly, had no comment.Via: NY Post",0
15607,HAS ESPN’S “Arthur Ashe Courage Award” BECOME THE GAY-TRANSGENDER AWARD?,"The last three recipients of the highly coveted Arthur Ashe award for courage were gay: GMA host, Robin Roberts (2013), First openly gay NFL player,Michael Sam (2014), and now America s transgender darling, Bruce (Caitlyn) Jenner.  Why are we celebrating the demasculinization of America s men?  Has ESPN s sports coverage taken backseat to their obvious progressive agenda?At the 1976 summer Olympics in Montr al, Bruce Jenner won the gold medal for the men s decathlon, setting a world record with 8616 points.In July, Jenner will be honored with another award, this time for a much different  achievement.  On Monday, Time reported that at ESPN s ESPY Awards, the former world s greatest male athlete will receive the acclaimed Arthur Ashe Award for coming out as a transgender.In an interview with Diane Sawyer back in April, Jenner stated that he was a woman trapped in a man s body and had struggled with this conundrum since childhood.Jenner explained in an interview with Vanity Fair that his cover photo shoot with legendary photo-journalist Annie Leibovitz  was a good day. This shoot was about my life and who I am as a person. It s not about the fanfare, it s not about people cheering in the stadium, it s not about going down the street and everybody giving you  that a boy, Bruce,  pat on the back, O.K. This is about your life. Jenner told VF,  If I was lying on my deathbed and I had kept this secret and never ever did anything about it, I would be lying there saying,  You just blew your entire life. You never dealt with yourself,  and I don t want that to happen. The transition hasn t been entirely smooth for Jenner. He admits that he had some second thoughts about becoming a woman. In a passage from the VF interview, Jenner tells reporter Buzz Bissinger that he suffered a panic attack the day after undergoing 10-hour facial feminization surgery in March.Jenner remembers thinking,  What did I just do? What did I just do to myself? Bissinger reveals in the interview that Jenner has not removed his penis.The Ashe Award, which Jenner will be receiving alongside his family at the ESPY award show in July, is one of the most prestigious in sports. According to ESPN,  the recipients reflect the spirit of Arthur Ashe, possessing strength in the face of adversity, courage in the face of peril and the willingness to stand up for their beliefs no matter what the cost. Via: Breitbart News",0
15608,(VIDEO) DELUSIONAL OBAMA: I’VE RESTORED THE US AS THE ‘MOST RESPECTED COUNTRY IN THE WORLD’,This is proof positive that we have a delusional leader who s got an ego the size of Texas! ,0
15609,DANIEL GREENFIELD NAILS IT: AMERICA IS BEING RUN JUST LIKE BALTIMORE,"DANIEL GREENFIELD NAILS IT! This is one of the best resourced and stated takes on what America s going through that I ve ever read. Thank you Mr. Greenfield! Daniel Greenfield, a Shillman Journalism Fellow at the David Horowitz Freedom Center, is a New York writer focusing on radical Islam.The Congressional Black Caucus is the most ridiculously corrupt part of an already corrupt Congress. A study two years ago found that a third of black congressmen had been named in an ethics probe during their careers. 5 of the 6 members under review by the House Ethics Committee that year were CBCers. In 2009, every single member of Congress under investigation was from the same old gang.Like the Clinton Foundation, the CBC exists to trade money for influence. The Caucus takes in tens of millions from major corporations and spends it on parties for its members and funnels the rest into fake non-profits. Even the minority scholarships endowed with great ceremony as a way of providing opportunity to their underprivileged constituents have a way of going to their own children and friends.The Congressional Black Caucus claims that it s  the conscience of the Congress  when it s actually the tip of a corrupt urban political machine that keeps black people in chains. Its members are lying idiots whose only response to criticism (including the ethics charges leveled against them) is to shout racism because that is the job they were chosen for by their real backers and masters.Consider Representative Sheila Jackson Lee; the dumbest member of the CBC notorious for believing that we won the Vietnam War and that our astronauts had planted a flag on Mars.Back in 2002, Sheila Jackson Lee announced on CNN,  I happen to represent Enron here in Houston.  That was an accurate summary. Her campaign had been funded by Enron. After Enron disappeared, other companies came along eager to funnel money to Sheila Jackson Lee and the CBC.Attempted major mergers between AT&T and T-Mobile and between Time Warner and Comcast were financed with major donations from the participants to the CBC. CBC members enthusiastically signed on to the AT&T merger claiming that it would help black people.It wouldn t have, but it certainly helped CBC members.Cell phone companies, dirty banks and drug companies all benefit from CBC intervention at the expense of their constituents. Like Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton, the CBC is an example of the merger between corporate corruption and urban political corruption masquerading as civil rights. That s why CBC members are not only noted for being ridiculously corrupt, but also for being ridiculously stupid.In addition to Sheila Jackson Lee, there s Hank Johnson who claimed that an added Marine presence might cause the island of Guam to tip over, Maxine Waters who accused the CIA of selling crack in black neighborhoods or Frederica Wilson who claimed that the term  illegal alien  is offensive because  To me an alien is somebody who is from another planet . Much like the brain of the average CBC member.And who could forget Marcia Fudge s stirring condemnation of the Tea Party.  These same people believe if you do not work, you are lazy. These same people believe that if your children don t get a good education, something is wrong with you. These are the craziest people I have seen in my life. Just absolute nuts. They don t understand that the government s job is to take care of its people. Like Sheila Jackson Lee, their stupidity was not an accident.The best corrupt politicians are too stupid to understand the consequences and too shameless to care about ethics. CBC members are carefully selected for their worst qualities. They are national examples of the corrupt urban political machine that has crippled black communities around the country.The next wave of CBC members who sought statewide and national office appeared to be made of better stuff. The wave hit its peak with Obama, who campaigned as a modern non-tribal politician striving for national excellence. Unlike Jesse Jackson, Obama appeared to be a fundamentally different type of urban politician. Their mutual hostility only reinforced that.But the CBC s next wave of smooth-talking Ivy League pragmatists who were supposed to save black communities proved to be just as rotten. After all the publicity, Cory Booker not only didn t turn Newark around, he turned out to be using it as a springboard for higher political office. Once in office, Obama proved to be every bit as tribally racist as any CBC member and twice as corrupt as the worst of them.As he presides over national race riots that he helped fuel, the whole country is getting a taste of what living under the governance of the urban political machine in the inner city looks like.In Baltimore, the latest flash point of Obama s race riots, Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, an Oberlin grad and the daughter of an important politician, was supposed to be a step up from the incompetence and corruption of her predecessor who had been convicted of stealing gift cards meant for the poor. Instead she promised that casinos would fix everything and when they didn t, she went on spending.Even without the #BlackLivesMatter riots, Baltimore was on the road to financial ruin just like Chicago and Detroit. The urban political machine found the riots convenient because while it destroyed businesses, it let them blame the city s economic disaster on racism instead of corruption.State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby s already botched prosecution of the police officers is just more political theater to distract the people of the city from what their political establishment has done to them. Like Rawlings-Blake, Mosby and her husband have shown us that the next generation of the political machine is slicker, but no cleaner or more competent than its predecessors.The Baltimore political establishment panders to criminals because it s run by criminals. This is a city whose mayor only has her job because her predecessor was convicted and whose NAACP boss tried to claim that her son s heroin was really insulin which he was using to kill mice in the NAACP offices. Meanwhile Mosby is claiming that someone hacked her Twitter account to favorite racist tweets.When Obama moved into the White House, the corruption of the urban political machine joined him there. His attorney general had been slammed by Congress over Pardongate s paid pardons for fugitives. Holder set the tone for an administration that casually traded cash for political favors. It lied about the economy and terrorism, and when the lies were exposed, it touched off race riots to distract everyone.America is now being run just like Baltimore.Read more: Front Page",0
15610,TAXPAYER FUNDED OPERATION CONSERVATIVE TAKE DOWN : DOJ Awards MI State Univ Huge Grant To Study ‘Far Right” Groups Use Of Social Media,"How many American taxpayer dollars have already been used by the Obama regime to spy on, discredit and dismantle conservative groups like the Tea Party? Is anyone else beginning to feel like the Obama regime is one big union who forces members to pay dues that are used to fund, and ensure the success of the Democrat party? The Department of Justice is concentrating on  far-right  groups in a new study of social media usage aimed at combatting violent extremism.The Justice Department s National Institute of Justice (NIJ) awarded Michigan State University $585,719 for the study, which was praised by Eric Holder, the former attorney general, earlier this year. There is currently limited knowledge of the role of technology and computer mediated communications (CMCs), such as Facebook and Twitter, in the dissemination of messages that promote extremist agendas and radicalize individuals to violence,  according to the NIJ grant.  The proposed study will address this gap through a series of qualitative and quantitative analyses of posts from various forms of CMC used by members of both the far-right and Islamic extremist movements. The study draws more upon right-wing forums than upon the corners of the web inhabited by Islamist extremists. We will collect posts made in four active forums used by members of the far-right and three from the Islamic Extremist community, as well as posts made in Facebook, LiveJournal, Twitter, YouTube, and Pastebin accounts used by members of each movement,  the grant said. The findings will be used to document both the prevalence and variation in the ideological content of posts from members of each movement,  the grant continued.  In addition, we will assess the value of these messages in the social status of the individual posting the message and the function of radical messages in the larger on-line identity of participants in extremist communities generally. The project will also  identify the hidden networks of individuals who engage in extremist movements based on geographic location and ideological similarities. The results will be used for a public webinar, and for presentations for counterterrorism experts in the United States.Holder highlighted the study in remarks this February at the White House Summit on Countering Violent Extremism, as an example of the new methods the Justice Department is using to combat terrorist threats.Holder said the study will  help us develop more effective techniques and partnerships for counter-messaging. While the grant does not name the  far-right  groups that would be examined, other federal agencies have devoted their energy to the sovereign citizen movement.The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) released a report on the movement, whose members believe that U.S. laws do not apply to them, just as the White House held its summit on violent extremism. The administration did not use the phrase  Islamist extremism  at the summit.DHS stirred controversy in 2009 when it issued a report on right-wing extremism, which included veterans returning from combat as a potential terrorist threat.The Justice Department and Michigan State University did not return requests for comment by press time.Via: Washington Free Beacon",0
15611,THERE IS ONLY ONE THING CONSERVATIVES WANT TO HEAR THIS GUY SAY TODAY…," I m leaving the GOP and running as a Democrat!Unfortunately, it doesn t look like that s what we re going to hear from our amnesty loving RINO (Republican In Name Only) friend.Reporting from Washington Sen. Lindsey Graham, the South Carolina defense hawk, plans to enter the crowded Republican presidential primary field Monday with a campaign that probably won t deliver him to the White House, but will highlight the party s divide over national security.Graham lacks the big-money backing and name recognition that s likely to be needed to pull away from the party s increasingly unwieldy field.But for him, that may not matter.For the last several years, Graham, a former Air Force colonel and legal officer, has played a central role in a sometimes-bitter battle between the GOP s traditional defense advocates and newly emergent isolationist-leaning libertarians led by Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky, who is also seeking the party s presidential nomination. The South Carolina senator did not originate the  wacko birds  label for Paul and his allies   that was coined by Graham s best friend in Congress, Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.)   but he might as well have.Last week Graham was caught on camera rolling his eyes as Paul objected to Senate efforts to continue the National Security Agency s once-secret collection of records of Americans  telephone calls.Paul returned the favor by releasing a video denouncing the NSA program. It ridiculed both Graham and Sen. Ted Cruz of Texas for their support of NSA surveillance, depicting Graham as trying to read Americans  emails while sitting in a 1997-era car.In an interview during the heat of the Senate debate, Paul also accused Graham, McCain and other Republicans who support arming insurgents in Syria of having contributed to the rise of Islamic State, also referred to as ISIS. ISIS exists and grew stronger because of the hawks in our party, who gave arms indiscriminately, and most of those arms were snatched up by ISIS,  he said.Graham said in an email to supporters that his  presidential announcement will be one of the biggest and most memorable moments of my life. As he approaches the military s mandatory retirement age and eyes the White House, Graham said last week he was retiring from the Air Force after nearly 30 years. He had continued to serve as a reserve officer, at times using his skills as a military lawyer to handle legal affairs in Iraq during breaks from the Senate.A Southern Baptist and conservative on social issues, Graham, who never married, is known as a deal-maker in Congress. In 2013, he led efforts with Democrats to reform immigration laws to allow a path to citizenship for those living illegally in the U.S.Graham, 59, was born in Seneca, S.C., and lived with his family behind their liquor store, restaurant and pool hall on Main Street in Central, S.C., where he plans to announce his campaign.His personal story has helped shape his policymaking. After his parents  death, he helped raise his younger sister and has championed the Social Security survivors  benefits they relied upon as young people.But it is his military service and alliance with McCain that have come to define much of Graham s work in Washington as the two tried to defend hawkish foreign and defense policies against attack from some in the party s new generation. Now, he ll try to bolster those policies on the presidential campaign trail.Via: Virginia Gazette",0
15612,HOW OBAMA’S NEW DOJ PLANS TO BYPASS CONGRESS TO IMPLEMENT GUN CONTROL,"Eric Holder in a skirt Obama s Department of Justice is working on  more than a dozen  new gun control regulations it plans to begin implementing apart from Congress. Some of the regulations are set to be put in place by November, others simply by the end of the Obama administration.According to The Hill,  the regulations range from new restrictions on high-powered pistols to gun storage requirements  and the issuance of  new rules expanding criteria for people who do not quality for gun ownership. Part and parcel to this new  criteria  will be an ATF-implemented ban on gun ownership for anyone  convicted of a misdemeanor domestic violence.  Gun Owners of America s Michael Hammond warns that under this rule the person barred from gun ownership  could be [someone] who spanked his kid, or yelled at his wife, or slapped her husband. The new regulations will also include ATF enlargements on mental health-based gun ownership bans. Hammond summed this up by saying,  The Obama administration is trying very hard to disqualify people from owning a gun on the basis that they are seeing a psychologist.  And the NRA pointed out that because most mentally ill persons pose no threat to society, the new regulations will actually become  snares [for] masses of mostly harmless individuals. The NRA added:  Not only is this unjust and stigmatizing, it creates disincentives for those who need mental health treatment to seek it, increasing whatever risks are associated with untreated mental illness. In other words, people who might actually need some minor mental health attention may refuse to pursue it for fear of losing their guns.The ATF is also working on  rules that would require gun dealers to report gun thefts, provide gun storage and safety devices. In March the NRA warned that then Attorney General nominee Loretta Lynch would be  Eric Holder 2.0.  Yet in April, ten Republican Senators sided with Democrats and confirmed Lynch as AG. The Hill reports that those Republicans included:Sen. Kelly Ayotte (R-NH)42% Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-SC)49% Sen. Jeff Flake (R-AZ)40% Sen. Mitch McConnell (R-KY)54%Via: Breitbart News",0
15613,DEATH OF A NATION BY EXECUTIVE ORDER: Who Voted To Bring 33 MILLION Immigrants To America?,"With 25% of Mexico now living in America Americans should be demanding our  President  tell us why he allowed these illegal aliens to cross our southern border and who will pay for their health care and education? Americans pride ourselves on being people who have a government. But these days, it more often seems as if we ve got a government that has people.And that government is even selecting who its people will be, having within a generation essentially imported a state s worth of new people through immigration.Since 1970, the number of  Hispanics of Mexican origin  in the U.S. has jumped from fewer than 1 million to more than 33 million. If all these Mexicans were a state, it would be the second largest in population in the country, trailing only California.Did you vote to approve that immigration policy? Did anyone? In fact, the federal government allowed it to happen without any voter input. That s by design.In recent years, Congress has attempted to draft legislation to deal with illegal immigration. And while the controversial  Gang of Eight  bill passed the Senate in 2013, it died in the House after one of its authors withdrew his support. Immigration is a difficult topic, one that will require difficult discussions.Instead, the Obama White House would prefer to short-circuit the political discussions. America cannot wait forever for them to act. That s why today I am beginning a new effort to fix as much of our immigration system as I can on my own, without Congress,  President Obama warned last summer. After the November elections, he acted to grant amnesty to millions of illegals.In February, a federal judge put a hold on that policy while he determined its legality. The administration admits it went right on ahead, issuing 2,000 more waivers. Now, an appeals court has upheld the stay. But the White House says it will press ahead. [T]he administration s enforcement priorities, including our focus on deporting felons and not families, and many other executive actions on immigration continue to move forward,  White House spokesman Eric Schultz told reporters this week.  It would be a shame if an issue so critical like this became mired in a political dispute. But Schultz has it exactly backward. If our representative system of government means anything, it should mean that the people have a say in the big issues facing our country.It s precisely because the issue is so important that it deserves to be a subject of political disputes. It s through the political process in the presidential and congressional elections of 2016 that voters can finally have a say in the nation s immigration policy. We ve already waited far too long.Via: Breitbart News ",0
15614,JOHN KERRY BREAKS LEG IN BIKE CRASH IN FRENCH ALPS… [Video],"Fortunately, our useless Secretary of State John Kerry was able to make France a part of his taxpayer funded four-nation trip where he had hoped to ride along a small part of the Tour de France according to the Washington Post. Unfortunately, he was unable to take part in the Tour de France or um Iran s nuclear negotiations due to his accident. Our nation is likely better off without John Kerry at the negotiating table with Iran s prime minister anyhow US Secretary of State John Kerry broke his leg in a bike crash Sunday, apparently after hitting a curb while taking a break after talks in Geneva, Switzerland.The diplomat was biking near Scionzier, France before the accident, which caused him to scrap the rest of a four-nation trip that included an international conference on combating the Islamic State group.Kerry, 71, was in stable condition and in good spirits as he prepared to return to Boston for further treatment with the doctor who previously operated on his hip, US State Department spokesman John Kirby said.He said X-rays at a Swiss hospital confirmed that Kerry fractured his right femur in the 9.40am incident. The secretary is stable and never lost consciousness, his injury is not life-threatening and he is expected to make a full recovery,  Kirby said in a statement.Kerry was taken by helicopter to Geneva s main medical center, HUG, after apparently hitting a curb with his bike in the French town about 40 kilometers southeast of the Swiss border.Paramedics and a physician were on the scene with his motorcade at the time and provided him immediate attention. They quickly decided to order the 10-minute-long helicopter transport.Kerry s cycling rides have become a regular occurrence on his trips. He often takes his bike with him on the plane and was riding that bicycle Sunday. Via: UK Daily Mail",0
15615,JOE BIDEN’S SON BEAU DIES AT AGE 46,"Beau Biden   son of Vice President Joe Biden   died of brain cancer at 46, the White House confirmed in a statement Saturday. It is with broken hearts that Hallie, Hunter, Ashley, Jill and I announce the passing of our husband, brother and son, Beau, after he battled brain cancer with the same integrity, courage and strength he demonstrated every day of his life,  the statement from Vice President Biden s office said. The entire Biden family is saddened beyond words. We know that Beau s spirit will live on in all of us-especially through his brave wife, Hallie, and two remarkable children, Natalie and Hunter,  the statement said.President Obama said he and the first lady were grieving alongside the Biden family. Michelle and I humbly pray for the good Lord to watch over Beau Biden, and to protect and comfort his family here on Earth,  Obama said in a statement released late Saturday.Beau Biden was a lawyer and member of the Delaware National Guard and former Delaware attorney general. However, he never would follow in his father s footsteps as a U.S. senator.Biden, although planning to run for governor of Delaware in 2016, was plagued with health troubles throughout his political career.In 2010, Biden suffered a mild stroke at only 41 years old. Three years later, he found himself in a Texas hospital for cancer treatment.In August 2013, he would undergo surgery at MD Anderson Cancer Center at the University of Texas in Houston to remove a lesion. That was followed by radiation treatment and chemotherapy. Three months after the procedure, doctors gave him a clean bill of health.However, Biden suffered a recurrence and was admitted to Walter Reed Hospital in May, officials said. At that time though, it was unaware why he was being treated.Support for the Biden family poured in from both sides of the aisle Saturday night into Sunday morning.Democratic presidential contenders Hillary Clinton and Martin O Malley both expressed their sympathies to the Bidens. My heart is broken for the family of Beau Biden   a wonderful man who served his country with devotion and lived his life with courage,  Hillary tweeted. Katie and I are deeply saddened by the news of the passing of Beau Biden. He served his country and the people of Delaware with great honor,  O Malley said in a statement.  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the entire Biden family in this moment of great loss. Senator James Langford (R-OK) also released a statement expressing his remorse. I m incredibly saddened to hear of the death of Vice President Joe Biden s son, Beau Biden,  the statement said.  Our entire nation mourns with the Biden family and the White House during this difficult time. Vice President Biden has endured incredible tragedies during his lifetime. Cindy and I pray for the Biden family, Beau s widow, Natalie, and their two children. The news of Beau Biden s death also caught the Delaware political establishment off guard and also renewed questions about his health. Beau Biden kept a low profile and declined any interviews abou his health. I think he would have run. I think he would have won,  said Delaware Gov. Jack Markell, a fellow Democrat. Markell said he last spoke to Biden in February, when he invited him to a meeting of Democratic governors in Washington, D.C. He was serious  about running for governor, added New Castle County Executive Tom Gordon, a longtime friend and political ally of Joe Biden who described Beau Biden as the most popular politician in Delaware.  He thought he was going to win this battle. Gordon said he last spoke to Beau several weeks ago, when Biden participated in a conference call on crime issues in Wilmington. He was a rock star,  Gordon said.  He had a great image, great character. Beau Biden left office earlier this year and joined a Delaware law firm run by Stuart Grant, a prominent Democratic campaign donor and plaintiffs lawyer specializing in corporate litigation. The first announced in late April that Biden was expanding his work on behalf of whistleblower clients, but was not available to clients.Biden, a University of Pennsylvania graduate, earned a law degree from Syracuse University in 1994. He served as a law clerk for a federal judge in New Hampshire before working for the U.S. Department of Justice from 1995 until 2002, including five years as a federal prosecutor in Philadelphia. In 2001, he volunteered for an interim assignment helping to train judges and prosecutors in postwar Kosovo.With his father, then Delaware s senior U.S. senator, at his side in 2006, Biden launched his campaign for attorney general. He promised to reorganize the state Department of Justice to better combat identity theft, Internet stalking by pedophiles, street crime and abuse of the elderly.Biden won with 52.6 percent of the vote. He s supped at this table since he s been 3 years old,  a beaming Joe Biden said after the victory. Beau Biden was a toddler when his father was first elected to the Senate. I m just proud of him,  the elder Biden added.  I think he will make the state proud. The young Biden sidestepped questions about his own political ambitions during the campaign. Sometimes, it s not good to look too far down the road,  said Biden, who remained similarly cautious about discussing his long-range plans in an interview with The Associated Press after suffering the stroke in 2010. Having long-term dreams is a good thing   but having a plan has never worked for me, because life always intervenes,  Biden told the AP at the time. For Biden, his initial health scare was also a reminder to balance his job with family time   advice he encouraged others to follow. It s kind of reinforced how I ve operated my life,  he said.As attorney general, Biden established a child predator unit, joined other attorneys general in taking on mortgage lenders over foreclosure abuses, proposed tougher bail restrictions for criminal defendants, putting him at odds with some fellow Dems.But a spate of shootings in Biden s hometown of Wilmington went largely unabated during his tenure, and his office stumbled in some high-profile murder prosecutions, including two cases in which murder charges were dropped. Biden also faced scrutiny over how his office handled the case of Earl Bradley, a pediatrician who sexually assaulted scores of young patients over more than a decade before being arrested in December 2009.Biden cited his focus on the Bradley case in announcing in January 2010 that he would not run for the Senate seat that his father vacated in 2008 when he was elected vice president.The younger Biden s decision stunned political observers, including many fellow Democrats who thought Joe Biden s former chief of staff, Ted Kaufman, had been appointed to the Senate on an interim basis to keep the seat warm for the son. A fellow Democrat, New Castle County Executive Chris Coons, won the seat after Castle, who had been considered the odds-on favorite, was upset by tea party-backed Christine O Donnell in the GOP primary. I have no regrets,  Biden said after O Donnell s stunning primary victory scrambled the political calculus surrounding the Senate seat.Biden coasted to re-election as attorney general in 2010 after Republicans declined to field a candidate against him.In addition to his work as a lawyer and attorney general, Biden was a major in an Army National Guard unit that deployed to Iraq in 2008.He was married and the father of two children.Markell ordered flags to be flown at half-staff in Delaware in honor of Biden.Via: FOX News",0
15616,ARIZONA STATE UNIV DOUBLES TUITION… CLAIMS IT NEEDS MORE STATE FUNDS…Finds $500K To Donate To Clinton “Slush Fund”,"But what about that whole unfair  student debt  thing that Hillary and Bill are so concerned about?While Arizona State University has almost doubled its tuition over the past 10 years amid claims that it needs more state money, the school somehow had the funds to give half a million dollars to the Clinton Foundation.According to The Arizona Republic, the public university paid $500,000 to the Clinton Foundation to host the former president-Bill Clinton; former-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton; and their daughter, Chelsea, during a Clinton Global Initiative University (CGI U) event in 2014. Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Bill s wife, is the current front-runner for the Democratic nomination for the 2016 presidential race.Mark Johnson, an ASU spokesman, told The Republic that the university was a payment for the event not a contribution to the Clintons. ASU played host to the CGI University in March 2014, which featured former President Bill Clinton and former secretary of State Hillary Clinton in a program aimed at bringing together college students to find practical, innovative solutions to global challenges,  Johnson told the newspaper.  The report you cited reflects the fact that the university co-invested in this educational and promotional opportunity, which was co-produced for our students, and for students from around the world. No state funds were used for this purpose. The Republic also reported that while the university has lobbied the State Department, university officials claim the lobbying occurred after Hillary stepped down from the position.The CGI U website also boasts that more than 1,100 students attended the event to raise $60,000 and participate in a  Day of Action  in the community. Student attendees had the opportunity to attend plenary sessions, working sessions, and other special events covering topics across CGI U s five focus areas and allowing them to network with their peers, build skills, and identify potential partnerships,  the website for the event states.  Youth organizations, topic experts, and celebrities joined students at the CGI U meeting to help them gain the skills and knowledge needed to take action on their commitments. Earlier this month Arizona s Board of Regents voted to approve tuition increases for both undergraduate and graduate students at ASU, the University of Arizona, and Northern Arizona University. Arizona Gov. Doug Ducey (R) also recently approved a budget that cut more than $100 million from public universities, The Arizona State Press reported. In this regard ASU seems to hold themselves accountable to their own pet projects, as opposed to ASU students,  Richard Moorehead, a senior history major at ASU, told Campus Reform.  The money they wasted on the Clinton Foundation event could have been used for scholarships and genuine education. I realize bringing high-profile speakers can raise the profile of the university, but no speaker s time is worth $500,000, especially if that money is funneled into a presidential campaign,  Moorhead said. He did not attend the CGI U event.Ryan Hartwig, a recent ASU graduate, told Campus Reform that the $500,000 was  way too much for any celebrity or politician. It really makes me question what ASU does with their money, while they continue to complain about state budget cuts,  Hartwig said.The Washington Free Beacon reported that ASU has said it did not use state funds to pay the Clintons, but the university has not disclosed where the money actually came from.Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) participated in the event last year but told The Republic that had he known the price tag, it wouldn t have been worth it. Frankly, if I had known that that was the situation, that they were being paid $500,000, I would have spoken up at the time that I thought it was outrageous,  McCain said.Via: Campus Reform ",0
15617,[Video] HISPANIC CANDIDATE FOR SENATOR IN CA MAKES OFFENSIVE REMARK ONLY A DEMOCRAT COULD GET AWAY WITH,"This story would have been front page news across America today had a Republican running for Senate in California made these potentially career ending remarks. But then again, there s that whole double standard thing Loretta and her sister Linda, who made history in 2008 when they became the first sisters in Congress, penned a joint memoir  Dream in Color.  In the book, they bemoan their status as women who are apparently seen as sex objects.A U.S. Senate candidate from California is under fire after being caught on camera imitating a racial stereotype of Native Americans.U.S. Rep. Loretta Sanchez patted her mouth and made a whooping gesture while talking to a room full of people with ties to India   Indian-Americans, not American Indians   at the California Democratic Party s convention in Anaheim on Saturday, reports The Sacramento Bee. I am going to his office thinking that I am going to meet with a  ,  Sanchez said in the video, describing a meeting with a person whose heritage she d gotten confused. Then she placed her hand over her mouth and made an echo sound. Right? Because he said Indian-American. And I go in there and it was great. It was just great because he said,  I want to get my community involved.  Involved,  she continued. And that was the first time that we saw the Indian-American community really come,  the Democrat from Santa Ana added before the clip cut out.Sanchez s rival in the Democratic race to replace U.S. Sen. Barbara Boxer called the incident  shocking. I don t know what to say to that,  said Attorney General Kamala Harris, whose mother is from India and father is African-American, reports The Sacramento Bee. It is shocking and there is no place for that in our public discourse,  she added.Sanchez, who d been meeting with delegates to start the shaping of her campaign, defended her actions. What I said was that I got a call from somebody from over the phone and he said,  I want to talk to you about having help from the Indian community,  and I thought he meant the American Indian community, in the sense of the Native American Indian community,  she said.When asked whether it was an appropriate gesture to make to any people, the 55-year-old replied:  I think that Native Americans have an incredibly great history, and a great presence in our country, and many of them are supporting our election. Via: NY Daily News",0
15618,BALTIMORE’S OVERZEALOUS PROSECUTOR BUSTED “FAVORITING” RACIST TWEETS [Video],"B b..but she s a victim (Mosby claims her account was hacked).Earlier this month, two controversial tweets were  favorited  by a personal Twitter account belonging to Baltimore City State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby. The first tweet referred to the officers charged in the death of Freddie Gray as  those 6 THUG cops  and the other praised Mosby and claimed she  INFURIATES a certain kind of white person. But Mosby s office is now claiming that the two favorited tweets were the work of a hacker. Both Mosby s official Twitter account and her personal account were hacked,  the Baltimore City State s Attorney s Office reportedly told  The Kelly File  on Wednesday.  We do not know how long it s been going on, we are working with Twitter. Mosby revealed on May 23 that her official government Twitter account had been hacked, but did not mention her personal account being compromised. Further, the tweets in question were favorited by her personal account weeks before her government account was reportedly hacked.Fox News host Megyn Kelly expressed cynicism that a hacker would take over her account and only randomly favorite two tweets.Watch the segment via  The Kelly File  below:  The Five  co-host Kimberly Guilfoyle said Mosby is behaving like an  activist  when she is  supposed to be an impartial evaluator of the facts of the case. The officers charged in the Gray case have asked for a change of venue because it doesn t appear they can get a  fair and impartial trial  in Baltimore.Via: The Blaze",0
15619,BREAKING: 4 AMERICAN HOSTAGES TAKEN BY IRAN-BACKED HOUTHIS IN YEMEN,"These 4 hostages must certainly feel a sense of comfort knowing that our strong Commander In Chief would never desert an Ameri never mind It was reported weeks ago that the American government has abandoned citizens in Yemen, forcing them fend for themselves. Now we re facing the prospect of Iranian allies holding our countrymen hostage.It really is amazing how many parallels Obama shares with Jimmy Carter. Here s a pretty awful one:The rebel group that has seized power in Yemen has taken at least four U.S. citizens prisoner, according to U.S. officials who said that efforts to secure the Americans  release have faltered.One of the prisoners had been cleared for release in recent days only to have that decision reversed by members of the Houthi rebellion that toppled the U.S.-backed government earlier this year and now controls most levers of power in Yemen.The Americans are believed to be held at a prison in Sanaa, the Yemeni capital, which has been bombed repeatedly as part of an air campaign led by Saudi Arabia aimed at dislodging the Houthis from power. The United States has provided intelligence support to that operation.The detention of the Americans has complicated U.S. efforts to navigate the chaotic aftermath of the Houthi takeover, which displaced a government that had cooperated extensively with the United States on drone strikes and other counterterrorism operations against a dangerous al-Qaeda affiliate in the country.U.S. officials said three of the prisoners worked in private-sector jobs and that a fourth, whose occupation is unknown, has dual U.S.-Yemeni citizenship. The officials said none of the four were employees of the U.S. government.Via: SooperMexican ",0
15620,BREAKING: WATCH LIVE FEED FROM “Freedom Of Speech Rally II” IN FRONT OF PHOENIX MOSQUE,"Pretty much people just yelling at each other so far. pic.twitter.com/jfNdizcAX5  Adam Housley (@adamhousley) May 30, 2015About 10 more officers now have come to form a human wall between the two sides. About 30 total pic.twitter.com/RU8pgX21j7  Adam Housley (@adamhousley) May 30, 2015 ",0
15621,WHY TAXPAYER FUNDED FOOD TRUCKS PLAN TO STALK KIDS THIS SUMMER,"I wonder how many government funded trucks will be following Mooch s kids this summer? Oh, that s right she s a  good  mom. There s no need for government intervention Government-sponsored food trucks will be stalking students this summer with the goal of giving out thousands of  healthy  free lunches officials don t trust parents to provide.Officials at St. Paul public schools recently announced they re working with the local food bank Second Harvest to dispatch a mobile food truck to expand locations offering students free lunches during the summer. Last year the district supplied 71 locations, and the truck will help to add another 10 to 15 in 2015, KSTP reports.The district s director of nutrition services, Stacy Koppen, said the truck will drive around to different locations between 10:30 a.m. and 5 p.m. to help feed the city s needy youngsters. The truck will track down students at  spots like suggested basketball courts or fields where kids like to play,  according to the news site.The very expensive-looking specially rigged step van features a billboard with grinning teens alongside the message  Kids and teens: Get your free meals here.  The district apparently didn t offer the details on how the new program is financed, or how much the truck cost, and the news station didn t bother to ask. School officials said the truck will be manned by volunteers.Koppen said the district serves 29,000 lunches a day during the school year, but only 6,000 a day during the summer, so officials reasoned a truck is necessary to make sure students aren t starving. Time and again, we such a steep decline that we wonder,  Where are these children going? Are they getting the healthy, nutritious food they need for their health and academic success?  Koppen told KTSP. We want to make sure that when children return to school for the next school year, that they are at the optimal health status and that they are ready to learn,  she said, adding that the free food is available to all, not just low income kids.Minneapolis Public Schools have used food trucks to give away lunches since at least 2013. The Hopkins district in Minnesota, as well as districts in Colorado, New York, Massachusetts, Indiana, California, Tennessee, and other states have also launched trucks to take free food to students during the summer.In New York City, organizations can also apply to have school food trucks deliver meals to students on site upon request.Most, if not all, of the school food trucks seem to be funded at least in part by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, as part of the federal free and reduced-price school lunch program. Each summer, the United States Department of Agriculture reimburses school districts for all meals prepared and served at no cost to any child under the age of 18,  the Grand Junction Daily Sentinel reports.The news site explained that School District 51 expanded its free summer lunch program to dispatch a food truck to patrol local neighborhoods and seek out students. The USDA will pay for food and staff labor but not for the purchase of a food truck or the cost of running it,  according to the Daily Sentinel.In District 51, the cost of the truck and expenses are covered by a $50,000 grant from the Western Colorado Community Foundation.Via: EAG News",0
15622,GRIFTER BILL CLINTON MADE BIG BUCKS OFF OF CHARITY SPEAKING FEES,"GETTING RICH OFF OF THE MISERY OF OTHERS VERY DISTASTEFUL!To commemorate the 10th anniversary of the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami, Petra Nemcova, a Czech model who survived the disaster by clinging to a palm tree, decided to pull out all the stops for the annual fund-raiser of her school-building charity, the Happy Hearts Fund.She booked Cipriani 42nd Street, which greeted guests with Bellini cocktails on silver trays. She flew in Sheryl Crow with her band and crew for a 20-minute set. She special-ordered heart-shaped floral centerpieces, heart-shaped chocolate parfaits, heart-shaped tiramis  and, because orange is the charity s color, an orange carpet rather than a red one. She imported a Swiss auctioneer and handed out orange rulers to serve as auction paddles, playfully threatening to use hers to spank the highest bidder for an Ibiza vacation.The gala cost $363,413. But the real splurge? Bill Clinton.The former president of the United States agreed to accept a lifetime achievement award at the June 2014 event after Ms. Nemcova offered a $500,000 contribution to the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation. The donation, made late last year after the foundation sent the charity an invoice, amounted to almost a quarter of the evening s net proceeds   enough to build 10 preschools in Indonesia.Read more: NYT ",0
15623,UPDATE: FORMER SPEAKER HASTERT INDICTED BY FEDS OVER HUSH MONEY FOR SEXUAL MISCONDUCT,"What could Hastert have done so wrong to have to pay someone from his past $3.5 million? He was a teacher and a wrestling coach before he go involved in politics so my question is who was extorting money from him? WE HAVE AN UPDATE ON THIS STORY:Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert paid a man to conceal sexual misconduct while the man was a student at the high school where Hastert taught, a federal law enforcement official told NBC News on Friday.The official spoke on condition of anonymity. Tribune newspapers reported earlier in the day that two unnamed federal officials said that Hastert paid a man from his past to conceal sexual misconduct.YORKVILLE, Ill.   J. Dennis Hastert, the longest-serving Republican speaker in the history of the U.S. House, was indicted Thursday by a federal grand jury on charges that he violated banking laws in a bid to pay $3.5 million to an unnamed person to cover up  past misconduct. Hastert, 73, who has been a high-paid lobbyist in Washington since his 2007 retirement from Congress, schemed to mask more than $950,000 in withdrawals from various ac counts in violation of federal banking laws that require the disclosure of large cash transactions, according to a seven-page indictment delivered by a grand jury in Chicago.The indictment did not spell out the exact nature of the  prior misconduct  by Hastert, but it noted that before entering state and federal politics in 1981, Has tert served for more than a decade as a teacher and wrestling coach at Yorkville High School in Illinois.In 2010, confronted about the  prior misconduct,  the former speaker agreed to pay $3.5 million to the person  to compensate for and conceal his prior misconduct against Individual A,  prosecutors alleged.That person, whose identity was shielded by prosecutors, has known Hastert most of his or her life, growing up in Yorkville, the city next to Hastert s home town of Plano, in the exurbs west of Chicago. Prosecutors said the actions  occurred years earlier  than the 2010 meeting that sparked the payments.Read more: wapo",0
15624,BREAKING: ISIS SUPPORTERS THREATEN ARMED BIKERS “Freedom Of Speech” Rally…’We promise we will drink ur blood’ [VIDEO],"ISIS supporters on Twitter are making open DEATH threats to bikers attending the  Freedom Of Speech Round II  event to be hosted today in front of a Phoenix, AZ mosque where two would be jihadists belonged. ISIS sympathizers, Nadir Soofi and Elton Simpson were shot dead by police after planning to commit jihad at a  Draw Muhammed  Cartoon contest hosted by Pamela Gellar in Garland, Texas on May 3, 2015. Freedom of Speech Rally Round II  organizer, John Ritzheimer, a US Marine has become the target of ISIS supporters on Twitter. They ve been tweeting his home address and requesting fellow radical islamists who are  seeking jannah  take action against him:From Seekers of the Garden site: Do you desire Jannah? Are you seeking that unimaginable Paradise? Deep down inside, your soul yearns for it. Are you willing to go that extra mile to perfect your deen, so that you may obtain the highest level of Jannah? If not, then what holds you back? Does this dunya overwhelmingly fill your day so that you find less time to devote to Allah?Consider this: the Messenger of Allah, sallalahu alayhi wasalaam, said:  Nobody who enters Paradise will (ever like to) return to this world even if he were offered everything on the surface of the earth (as an inducement) except the martyr who will desire to return to this world and be killed ten times for the sake of the great honor that has been bestowed upon him.  [Muslim, Book 20, Number 4635]The truth is astonishing. The words are compelling. The commitment only returns an immeasurable reward whose likeness is not found in this dunya.Here are some of the tweets and re-tweets on Twitter threatening the lives of bikers (and any of their children) who attend the rally today: UPDATE: The account of DAWLATIL ISLAM has just been removed from Twitter. Freedom of Speech Round II  organizer John Ritzheimer is moving forward with the armed rally. Watch CNN s Sara Sidner show her blatant disgust for the rally in the interview with Anderson Cooper leading up to his interview with organizer John Ritzheimer:https://youtu.be/vDc_6nioI7o ",0
15625,FEDERALLY FUNDED RIOT: BALTIMORE MAYOR WANTS FEDS TO PAY $20 MILLION FOR REPAIR OF CITY,"After giving  ROOM TO DESTROY ,  Baltimore s mayor now says she s confident she can get Uncle Sam to pay for the damage. What is this, the new age of federally financed riots? One month after the race riots that trashed Baltimore, Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said that the city would apply for a $20 million Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) grant to replenish the  rainy day fund  being used to pay for cleanup and police overtime costs in the wake of the mayhem that she herself is on record as encouraging.  In order to replenish this fund, we ve already worked with the state to apply for a federal FEMA reimbursement, and we are confident that we will receive a significant reimbursement from the federal government,  CBS Baltimore affiliate WJZ reported her as saying Wednesday. This smells pretty funny, given that FEMA funds are meant mostly for natural disasters, not riot damage. But more to the point, it s effectively an escape from fiscal accountability and political responsibility, given Rawlings-Blake s role in fueling the riots. Rawlings-Blake, remember, is the one who lit the fuse by saying,  We also gave those who wished to destroy space to do that    a clear incitement to riot, even as she unconvincingly denied meaning any such thing while Baltimore burned. Instead of resigning, or being asked to, Rawlings-Blake is now more confident than ever that cash is on its way, according to press reports. This may very well be true, given all the evidence of political dealmaking with the Obama White House and Eric Holder s Justice Department. As the riots raged, Rawlings-Blake was in telephone contact with White House advisor Valerie Jarrett. Then she initiated a quickie-justice prosecution of six Baltimore cops, as well as a broader federal investigation of the city s police force that the White House wanted. Last week, she joined one group of Maryland officials and another of big-city mayors to seek federal dollars, using the riots as reason. No cash has been explicitly promised at this point, but in the world of one hand washes the other, it s pretty obvious that deals are being cut.Read more: IBD",0
15626,HOW HILLARY’S GRIFTER BROTHER Mooched Off Of Clinton Foundation Donations And Used It As His Own Slush Fund,"Nothing like riding on your sister s coattails and making bucketloads of cash just because you re a mooch and a grifter like they are. The Clinton Foundation was nothing but a slush fund for these scumbags Sitting in a courtroom three years ago, after skipping out on a sizable legal bill, Hillary Rodham Clinton s youngest brother struck a reassuring tone: Don t worry, the money is coming. I deal through the Clinton Foundation,  Tony Rodham said, according to court transcripts uncovered by the New York Times. He gave his word that Hillary and Bill were setting him up with Haitian-government permits to build a $22 million housing development in the earthquake-stricken country. I hound my brother-in-law, because it s his fund that we re going to get our money from,  Rodham explained, promising a $1 million check once the Haitian-government paved the way, enough both to cover the outstanding legal fees and take his family to Disney World.The construction deal fell through, but Rodham managed to settle his debt. And the next year, he got another crack at making money in Haiti s heavily-regulated economy when he joined the advisory board of a company, VCS Mining, which was developing a gold mine on the island. He d met the company s CEO at a meeting of the Clinton Global Initiative.  I go to see old friends [at the meetings,]  Rodham told the Washington Post,  but you never know what can happen. From the moment the Clintons walked through the White House doors in January of 1993, Rodham has proven remarkably adept at harnessing their political horsepower for his personal gain. His schemes don t always pan out, and they have caused numerous headaches for Hillary and Bill. But Rodham s fortunes have always been tied to theirs, his bank account waxing and waning in time with the Clintons  political prospects. He may lack their sophistication, but to many observers, Tony is the unvarnished embodiment of the Clintons  decades-long dance with crony capitalism.Rodham sits atop of a pile of money acquired through a vast tangle of enterprises just a little less secret and complex than those of his sister and brother-in-law.  There s really no better definition of what this is,  says David Bossie, president of the conservative group Citizens United and a longtime Clinton foe.  This is a person who is not directly the principal, but he s the brother   or, in the 1990s, the brother-in-law   of the president, using these open doors of family to shake people down.  Tony is the unvarnished embodiment of the Clintons  decades-long dance with crony capitalism.Read more: National Review",0
15627,"ST PAUL, MN PUBLIC SCHOOLS ‘White Privilege’ TRAINING ASKS TEACHERS: “When do you wear the hood?”","Minnesota the hotbed of liberalism and  diversity  in the Midwest While teachers blow the whistle on the breakdown of discipline for black students in St. Paul Public Schools, a photo has emerged from an  equity  training that might leave some to wonder what s actually being taught to teachers.Aaron Benner, a fourth grade teacher in the district, told EAGnews about how black students  are frequently not held accountable for their actions  due to  white privilege  training for teachers and administrators. As a black man I can say that they are hurting black kids,  Benner said.  I ve never seen anything as idiotic as PEG. Everything we do, PEG is at the forefront. It s so comical. PEG says shouting out in class is a black cultural norm, and being on time is a white cultural thing. It s so demeaning, so condescending to black kids. If a white person were making claims like this, black people would be in an uproar. You are not doing kids any favors by making excuses for them because they are black. It s not a matter of culture if you re talking about norms that all cultures need to abide by   you cannot throw things or attack your teacher, regardless of your race. Now, a source has provided photographic evidence of the tenor of some of the  white privilege  training being administered to St. Paul teachers.According to the source, the photo is from a training this year at Bruce Vento Elementary during a staff meeting.It features a figure wearing a Ku Klux Klan hood with the question,  When do you wear the hood? The principal allegedly displayed the picture and  asked the staff to sit in silence and reflect on it for 3 to 4 minutes. The source refused to elaborate out of fear of retribution.Another source said,  This picture   and the idea that it would be helpful in some way   is totally unbelievable. An email to Scott Masini, principal of Bruce Vento, was not immediately returned.Last May, the Pioneer Press reported the St. Paul district had spent at least $1.2 million on such training from Pacific Educational Group, a San Francisco-based company that conducts similar trainings in school districts across America.Last fall, the Star Tribune reported St. Paul schools inked a $246,500 contract with PEG for  equity  training    $133,500 less than the agreement approved for 2013-14. Bruce Vento Elementary s website details the district s  equity  plan, which includes examining  the presence and role of  Whiteness.  Via: EAG NewsFrom the Un-Fair Campaign which originates in Duluth, MN: This campaign is about white privilege and so these suggestions are focused on what white people can do. Use the resources listed below to learn more.Learn how historically white privilege has benefited you and other white people. Accept that you have unearned privilege and advantages write them down Start seeing/hearing the privileges and advantages you have:Below is a  White Privilege  video put together by the Un-Fair Campaign: ",0
15628,LAWLESS: OBAMA WON’T TAKE EXECUTIVE AMNESTY TO SUPREME COURT,"Why should Barack Obama bother with the courts? He s always been above the law. He s already proven to us that he doesn t need a court ruling to bring millions of illegal aliens into our country. He s not following any laws when he demands our border patrol agents stand down to drug cartels, dangerous gangs, pedophiles, members of terror groups and rapists crossing our open borders. He doesn t need a law to ensure that in exchange for votes for the Democrat party, American taxpayers will reward illegal aliens with the right to free education, free food, free health care and subsidized housing. Who needs the law when you re  America s First Black President. The Obama administration revealed today that it will not take the fight over executive immigration amnesty to the Supreme Court, essentially admitting defeat in its fight to lift a court-ordered stay placed by a Texas judge.Obama s executive actions still have to be settled in court, but yesterday s decision prevented the administration from moving forward in its efforts to sign up illegal immigrants for the amnesty programs. The department believes the best way to achieve this goal is to focus on the ongoing appeal on the merits of the preliminary injunction itself,  said Patrick Rodenbush, a spokesman for the Justice Department to the New York Times.  Although the department continues to disagree with the Fifth Circuit s refusal to stay the district court s preliminary injunction, the department has determined that it will not seek a stay from the Supreme Court. The arguments for the legal battle begin next month before the Fifth Circuit court, but the results of yesterday s decision mean the final will likely be pushed into 2016. There s an important hearing scheduled for July 6 at which the Department of Justice is preparing its arguments on the legal merits of the executive actions that the president announced last fall,  White House Deputy Press Secretary Eric Schultz told reporters aboard Air Force One.  The Department of Justice remains focused on that argument and that hearing proceeding on an expedited basis. Obama is traveling to Miami today for a series of fundraisers for the Democratic National Committee.Via: Breitbart News",0
15629,[VIDEO] BALTIMORE MAYOR TRIES TO EMBARRASS FOX NEWS REPORTER…White House Suggests Gun Control Will Solve Crime In Baltimore,"Megyn Kelly interviews The Blaze s Dana Loesch about Baltimore s racist, anti-cop mayor, after she took umbrage over FOX News reporter, Leland Vittert asking her about bloody Memorial Day weekend and lashes out at him during press conference. White House spokes liar, Josh Earnest suggests gun control would solve the issue of violence. Is it really that hard to figure out that the cops just aren t interesting in risking their lives to protect a bunch of ingrates who throw rocks, bricks and molotov cocktails at them?",0
15630,"WATCH: ANGRY PARENTS WALK OUT OF HIGH SCHOOL PRINCIPAL’S RACIST, ANTI-COP COMMENCEMENT SPEECH [Video]","Another leftist educator uses the precious time they ve been given to deliver an inspirational speech to high school graduates to instead, deliver a radical, divisive and hateful message. A Missouri high school principal sent some parents toward the exits last week when he made a disparaging remark about police  killing young black men  during a graduation speech.Belton High School Principal Fred Skretta was talking about why he became a teacher when he suddenly veered off in an unexpected direction. I wanted to be a teacher because I wanted to change the world, I wanted to make it a better place,  he told the audience.  I m going to be honest with you, in a lot of ways I fear that we are not there yet. If we were there, we wouldn t have conflicts between police killing young black men. https://youtu.be/mQHKFGBPREUNever mind the poor sentence structure. Some parents were so offended by the commentary they got up and walked out of the ceremony, according to Fox 4 News. I found it very inappropriate, I am highly offended,  a parent said.  You don t use the platform of a child s graduation to push a political agenda or push your personal opinions.  Your job is supposed to inspire, educate, inform and not indoctronize one way or the other. Interestingly, Fox4News reported that Skretta posted an apology on social media after the ceremony, but the Twitter account appears to have been deleted since then.The apology, according to the Fox affiliate: TY all at #BHS graduation! I apologize if my remarks were offensive. Our law enforcement have difficult jobs & I meant no disrespect #agape  Doc Skretta (@Principal_BHS) May 17, 2015 Belton district deputy superintendent, Steve Morgan, later offered an apology also, Fox4News reported. Comments were made at graduation and they certainly are not reflective of the district, so we sent out an apology in a statement today that went to all patrons reflecting that,  Morgan said.Via: BizPac Review",0
15631,(VIDEO) CRINGE INDUCING: HILLARY BRINGS OUT THE FAKE SOUTHERN ACCENT ON HER FIRST CAMPAIGN TRIP TO THE SOUTH,THIS REMINDS ME OF WHEN HILLARY WAS CAMPAIGNING AND PULLED OUT THE ACCENT: ,0
15632,UPDATE: CATHOLIC UNIVERSITY THAT STATUE REMOVED AFTER LIBS COMPLAIN OF “WHITE SUPREMACY” AND “RACISM” Replaces With Ferguson Protestors [VIDEO],"This is a perfect example of the effort by liberals to erase our American history. Like it or not, we have a history and we should never try and erase the good OR the bad. The priest is praying over the Indians who re wearing just what Indians wore back then. Why is this racist? Why is this anything but a moment in time captured in a statue?  Saint Louis University has removed a statue on its campus depicting a famous Jesuit missionary priest praying over American Indians after a cohort of students and faculty continued to complain the sculpture symbolized white supremacy, racism and colonialism.Formerly placed outside the university s Fusz Hall in the center of the private Catholic university, the statue will go to the university s art museum, a building just north of the bustling urban campus.The statue features famous Jesuit Missionary Pierre-Jean De Smet S.J. praying over two American Indians dressed in traditional clothing. Last Monday, just two days after graduation, it was removed from the location it has called home on campus for decades.A university spokesperson told St. Louis Magazine the statue will be placed within the  historical context of a collection that s on permanent display in our SLU Museum of Art.  The statue is set for the museum s  Collection of the Western Jesuit Missions. In more recent years, there have been some faculty and staff who have raised questions about whether the sculpture is culturally sensitive,  SLU spokesman Clayton Berry said.Berry did not respond to The College Fix s request for comment.The De Smet statue has long drawn the ire of progressive students and scholars at the Jesuit university who argue the statue was a symbol of racism and white supremacy, among other oppressions.In a recent op-ed published in SLU s University News, senior Ryan McKinley stated the sculpture sent a clear, unwelcoming message to American Indians at Saint Louis University.Via: College Fix ",0
15633,PAMELA GELLAR GROUP PLANS TO RUN MUHAMMED CARTOON ADS ON DC BUSES [Video]," Drawing Muhammad is not illegal under American law, but only under Islamic law. Violence that arises over the cartoons is solely the responsibility of the Islamic jihadists who perpetrate it. Because freedom of speech is under violent assault, the human rights advocacy group the American Freedom Defense Initiative (AFDI) has announced a new ad campaign to defend freedom of speech and stand up to violent intimidation kicking off in the nation s capital.I said in a statement:  Because the media and the cultural and political elites continue to self-enforce the Sharia without the consent of the American people by refusing to show any depictions of Muhammad or showing what it was in Texas that had jihadists opening fire, we are running an ad featuring the winning cartoon by former Muslim Bosch Fawstin from our Muhammad Art Exhibit and Cartoon Contest in Garland, Texas. Let the American people see what the cowardly press is censoring in accordance with the blasphemy laws under the sharia (Islamic law).The ad campaign has been submitted to the Washington, D.C. MTA to run on buses and train dioramas in the Foggy Bottom, Capitol South, Bethesda, L Enfant Plaza, and Shady Grove stations. Drawing Muhammad is not illegal under American law, but only under Islamic law. Violence that arises over the cartoons is solely the responsibility of the Islamic jihadists who perpetrate it. Either America will stand now against attempts to suppress the freedom of speech by violence, or will submit and give the violent the signal that we can be silenced by threats and murder. We cannot submit to the assassin s veto. It was the jihadis, not I, who made the cartoons a flash point. If we surrender on that point and stop drawing Muhammad, we ve established a precedent of surrendering to violent Sharia enforcement, and once established, we will be made to reinforce it again and again. Islamist government is a unique threat to free speech and libertyFreedom of speech is the foundation of a free society. Without it, a tyrant can wreak havoc unopposed, while his opponents are silenced.Putting up with being offended is essential in a pluralistic society in which people differ on basic truths. If a group will not bear being offended without resorting to violence, that group will rule unopposed while everyone else lives in fear, while other groups curtail their activities to appease the violent group. This results in the violent group being able to tyrannize the others.I added:  There is nothing about this cartoon that incites violence. It is within the established American tradition of satire. If America surrenders on this point, the freedom of speech is a relic of history. AFDI Vice President Robert Spencer stated:  Many people on both the Left and the Right are saying that we should do nothing to provoke Islamic fundamentalism. The immediate answer would seem to be that we should do nothing to provoke violent jihadis, that the prudent thing to do would be to avoid doing things that anger them. But if we did that, they would not they stop coming at us. Last September, an Islamic State spokesman boasted:  We will conquer your Rome, break your crosses, and enslave your women, by the permission of Allah, the Exalted. This is His promise to us; He is glorified and He does not fail in His promise. If we do not reach that time, then our children and grandchildren will reach it, and they will sell your sons as slaves at the slave market. In light of that, what is the point of asking whether or not we should provoke them? They re already provoked,  he continued.  A more useful question now is whether it is really productive and helpful to signal to them that we will acquiesce to their threats of violence and change our behavior accordingly, or whether we will instead signal to them that their violent threats are not going to frighten us into submission. The ads have been submitted to run on buses in Washington, D.C.AFDI stands for:The freedom of speech   as opposed to Islamic prohibitions of  blasphemy  and  slander,  which are used effectively to quash honest discussion of jihad and Islamic supremacism; The freedom of conscience   as opposed to the Islamic death penalty for apostasy; The equality of rights of all people before the law   as opposed to Sharia s institutionalized discrimination against women and non-Muslims. Via: Breitbart News",0
15634,CLINTON FOUNDATION DONORS GOT SWEET WEAPONS DEALS FROM CLINTON’S STATE DEPARTMENT,"Nothing shady here, huh? Unbelievable!Even by the standards of arms deals between the United States and Saudi Arabia, this one was enormous. A consortium of American defense contractors led by Boeing would deliver $29 billion worth of advanced fighter jets to the United States  oil-rich ally in the Middle East.Israeli officials were agitated, reportedly complaining to the Obama administration that this substantial enhancement to Saudi air power risked disrupting the region s fragile balance of power. The deal appeared to collide with the State Department s documented concerns about the repressive policies of the Saudi royal family.But now, in late 2011, Hillary Clinton s State Department was formally clearing the sale, asserting that it was in the national interest. At a press conference in Washington to announce the department s approval, an assistant secretary of state, Andrew Shapiro, declared that the deal had been  a top priority  for Clinton personally. Shapiro, a longtime aide to Clinton since her Senate days, added that the  U.S. Air Force and U.S. Army have excellent relationships in Saudi Arabia. These were not the only relationships bridging leaders of the two nations. In the years before Hillary Clinton became secretary of state, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia contributed at least $10 million to the Clinton Foundation, the philanthropic enterprise she has overseen with her husband, former president Bill Clinton. Just two months before the deal was finalized, Boeing   the defense contractor that manufactures one of the fighter jets the Saudis were especially keen to acquire, the F-15   contributed $900,000 to the Clinton Foundation, according to a company press release.Via: IBT",0
15635,WHY DID THE STATE DEPARTMENT REDACT THIS ONE CLINTON SENTENCE?,"The State Department redacted one sentence just one. Cleaning up for our former Secretary of State is something the State Department has gotten really good at: FYI. The idea of using private security experts to arm the opposition should be considered. That s it the one sentence that tells us so much. Rand Paul was on to the answer. Clinton slithered out of it .Among the emails released by the State Department today was one sent by Hillary Clinton to Jake Sullivan on April 8, 2011. Clinton was forwarding a private intelligence report that Sidney Blumenthal had sent her with the subject line:  UK game playing; new rebel strategists; Egypt moves in. In the State Department release today, Clinton responds with  FYI  and a sentence that is redacted.But the New York Times posted its versions of the emails earlier this week and the sentence is not redacted. In the Times s version the redacted sentence reads:  FYI. The idea of using private security experts to arm the opposition should be considered. The redaction in the State Department version is labeled a  B5  Freedom of Information Act exception, which provides for a  deliberative privilege  in keeping the information from the public.The obvious question: Why did the State Department redact that sentence?Via: The Weekly Standard",0
15636,(VIDEO) GRIFTER HILLARY CLINTON MADE $700K WITHIN 24 HOURS AFTER SAYING SHE WAS DEAD BROKE,"CNN mostly dismisses the Clinton e-mail scandal and just brushes over it but John King makes a great point this morning:Sunday on CNN s  Inside Politics,  host John King pointed to a  Washington Post  story detailing that within 24 hours of her telling ABC news last year that she was,  dead broke  after leaving the White House the Clinton gave speeches making $700,000 in fees.King said,  The Washington Post story this past week saying within 24 hours of saying we were dead broke to justify making some money, the Clintons combined made $700,000 in speeches. That is going to be tee-ball for the Republicans. Maggie Haberman of the New York Times said,  What you just said, I suspect will have more residence than the emails. Via: Breitbart",0
15637,UH OH! STEPHANOPOULOS JOINED CLINTON ON ‘PEDO ISLAND’,"The main stream media has done a great job of covering up the story of Jeffrey Epstein and his friends in high places who joined him at what s now called  Pedo Island . We now find out that Stephanopoulos was with Bill Clinton on the island where there s smoke Turns out George Stephanopoulos did more than just donate to the Clinton Foundation while working as an  impartial  media person for ABC. He also joined Bill Clinton and Jeffrey Epstein at Lolita Island in 2010. Lolita Island is also known as  Pedo Island . This one documented trip by George Stephanopoulos and Bill Clinton was in December of 2010. George Stephanopoulos was at ABC at the time. This was just two years before that ridiculous GOP debate where George Stephanopoulos badgered Mitt Romney about banning contraception. Now I know why it was such an issue for George Stephanopoulos.Also joining Epstein, Clinton and George Stephanopoulos on Pedo Island in December of 2010 was Woody Allen. You ve heard all the stories about him Jeffrey Epstein s Society Friends Close Ranks:On the evening of December 2nd, 2010, a handful of America s media and entertainment elite including TV anchors Katie Couric and George Stephanopoulos, comedienne Chelsea Handler, and director Woody Allen convened around the dinner table of convicted sex offender Jeffrey Epstein. It wasn t just any dining room, but part of a sprawling nine-story townhouse that once housed an entire preparatory school. And it wasn t just any sex offender, but an enigmatic billionaire who had once flown the likes of former President Bill Clinton and former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak around the world on his own Boeing 727. Last spring, Epstein completed a 13-month sentence for soliciting prostitution from a minor in Palm Beach. ",0
15638,HILLARY’S OVER-THE TOP REQUIREMENTS FOR SPEAKING,"Private jets, lots of cash, presidential suites you name it! Unreal!Late last month an IB Times report showed that Goldman Sachs paid Bill Clinton some $200,000 for a speech ahead of an effort to lobby The State Department (then led by Hillary Clinton) on Export-Import Bank legislation tied to a $75 million purchase order from a Chinese company to a Goldman-owned aircraft manufacturer.The idea that the paid speech and the authorization of an Export-Import Bank loan to the Chinese firm were related was of course dismissed as  preposterous  by Goldman (draw your own conclusions) but what certainly isn t preposterous is the fact that the Clintons reap millions for speaking engagements and as you can see from the following, if you want a Clinton, a quarter-million in cash isn t all you ll need to budget for.THE FULL LIST IS HERE:Hillary Speaking FeesAs a reminder, Hillary is running for  everyday Americans. Via: zero hedge",0
15639,(VIDEO) THE INCREDIBLE JOHN BOLTON: WHAT HILL’S E-MAILS TELL US ABOUT HER ABILITY TO LEAD, ,0
15640,"BREAKING: [VIDEO] Baltimore Thug Arrested After Shooting 5 People, Falls Down When He Sees TV Cameras And Claims Injury","A scene straight from the Freddie Gray School of Bad Actors A Baltimore man arrested in connection to the shooting of five people, one fatally, in East Baltimore on Wednesday was captured on video collapsing to the ground while in handcuffs   seemingly right after he spotted a news camera. My back! My back!  the suspect started screaming.// <![CDATA[ var p = new anv_pl_def(); p.config = {}; p.config.width = 640; p.config.height = 360; p.loadVideoExpressV3('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|1000011|SPS'); // ]]>The man s condition was unclear, but viewers immediately accused the suspect of attempting to fake the injury. WMAR-TV s anchor also noticed that the man went to the ground after seemingly seeing their camera on the scene.He eventually got back up and was loaded into a police vehicle.Looks like the guy who fell down in the live shot is heading to Central Booking pic.twitter.com/eDG13eKv5h  Christian Schaffer (@chrisfromabc2) May 20, 2015Via: The Blaze",0
15641,MUST WATCH VIDEO: DO YOU REALLY WANT FOUR YEARS OF THIS?, ,0
15642,[Video] TED CRUZ SHOWS THE GOP How To Effectively Shut Down The Narrative Of The Leftist Media, ,0
15643,VATICAN ADVISOR: Says Pope Will Call On World At UN To Join Crusade For a New World Order…Would Like US To Pay $845 BILLION GLOBAL TAX To Combat ‘Climate Change’,"Members of the Catholic church need to pay close attention to the radical statements that are being made by the Vatican s top advisor, Jeffrey Sachs. Sachs has been described as  arguably the world s foremost proponent of population control,  including abortion.Top Vatican adviser Jeffrey Sachs says that when Pope Francis visits the United States in September, he will directly challenge the  American idea  of God-given rights embodied in the Declaration of Independence.Sachs, a special advisor to the United Nations and director of the Earth Institute at Columbia University, is a media superstar who can always be counted on to pontificate endlessly on such topics as income inequality and global health. This time, writing in a Catholic publication, he may have gone off his rocker, revealing the real global game plan.The United States, Sachs writes in the Jesuit publication, America, is  a society in thrall  to the idea of unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. But the  urgent core of Francis  message  will be to challenge this  American idea  by  proclaiming that the path to happiness lies not solely or mainly through the defense of rights but through the exercise of virtues, most notably justice and charity. In these extraordinary comments, which constitute a frontal assault on the American idea of freedom and national sovereignty, Sachs has made it clear that he hopes to enlist the Vatican in a global campaign to increase the power of global or foreign-dominated organizations and movements.Sachs takes aim at the phrase, which comes from America s founding document, the United States Declaration of Independence, that  We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. These rights sound good, Sachs writes, but they re not enough to guarantee the outcome the global elites have devised for us. Global government, he suggests, must make us live our lives according to international standards of development. In the United States,  Sachs writes,  we learn that the route to happiness lies in the rights of the individual. By throwing off the yoke of King George III, by unleashing the individual pursuit of happiness, early Americans believed they would achieve that happiness. Most important, they believed that they would find happiness as individuals, each endowed by the creator with individual rights. While he says there is some  grandeur in this idea,  such rights  are only part of the story, only one facet of our humanity. The Sachs view is that global organizations such as the U.N. must dictate the course of nations and individual rights must be sacrificed for the greater good. One aspect of this unfolding plan, as outlined in the Sachs book, The End of Poverty, involves extracting billions of dollars from the American people through global taxes. We will need, in the end, to put real resources in support of our hopes,  he wrote.  A global tax on carbon-emitting fossil fuels might be the way to begin. Even a very small tax, less than that which is needed to correct humanity s climate-deforming overuse of fossil fuels, would finance a greatly enhanced supply of global public goods.  Sachs has estimated the price tag for the U.S. at $845 billion.In preparation for this direct assault on our rights, the American nation-state, and our founding document, United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki Moon told a Catholic Caritas International conference in Rome on May 12 that climate change is  the defining challenge of our time,  and that the solution lies in recognizing that  humankind is part of nature, not separate or above. The pope s expected encyclical on climate change is supposed to help mobilize the governments of the world in this crusade.But a prestigious group of scholars, churchmen, scientists, economists, and policy experts has issued a detailed rebuttal, entitled,  An Open Letter to Pope Francis on Climate Change,  pointing out that the Bible tells man to have dominion over the earth. Good climate policy must recognize human exceptionalism, the God-given call for human persons to  have dominion  in the natural world (Genesis 1:28), and the need to protect the poor from harm, including actions that hinder their ascent out of poverty,  the letter to Pope Francis states.Released by a group called the Cornwall Alliance, the letter urges the Vatican to consider the evidence that climate change is largely natural, that the human contribution is comparatively small and not dangerous, and that attempting to mitigate the human contribution by reducing CO2 emissions  would cause more harm than good, especially to the world s poor. The Heartland Institute held a news conference on April 27 at the Hotel Columbus in Rome to warn the Vatican against embracing the globalist agenda of the climate change movement. The group is hosting the 10th International Conference on Climate Change in Washington, D.C., on June 11-12.However, it appears as if the Vatican has been captured by the globalist forces associated with Sachs and the United Nations.Voice of the Family, a group representing pro-life and pro-family Catholic organizations from around the world, has taken issue not only with the Vatican s involvement with Sachs, but with Ban Ki Moon, describing the two as  noted advocates of abortion who operate at the highest levels of the United Nations. Sachs has been described as  arguably the world s foremost proponent of population control,  including abortion.Voice of the Family charges that environmental issues such as climate change have become  an umbrella to cover a wide spectrum of attacks on human life and the family. Although Sachs likes to claim he was an adviser to Pope John Paul II, the noted anti-communist and pro-life pontiff, Sachs simply served as a member of a group of economists invited to confer with the Pontifical Council on Justice and Peace in advance of the release of a papal document.In fact, Pope John Paul II had worked closely with the Reagan administration in opposition to communism and the global population control movement. He once complained that a U.N. conference on population issues was designed to  destroy the family  and was the  snare of the devil. Pope Francis, however, seems to have embraced the very movements opposed by John Paul II.Sachs, who has emerged as a very influential Vatican adviser, recently tweeted that he was  thrilled  to be at the Vatican  discussing moral dimensions of climate change and sustainable development.  The occasion was a Vatican workshop on global warming on April 28, 2015, sponsored by the Pontifical Academy of Sciences of the Roman Catholic Church. Sachs was a featured speaker.The plan going forward involves the launching of what are called  Sustainable Development Goals,  as envisioned by a Sustainable Development Solutions Network run by none other than Jeffrey Sachs. The Network has proposed draft Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) which contain provisions that are radically antagonistic to the right to life from conception to natural death, to the rights and dignity of the family and to the rights of parents as the primary educators of their children,  states the group Voice of the Family.In July, a Financing for Development conference will be held, in order to develop various global tax proposals, followed by a conference in Paris in December to complete a new climate change agreement.Before that December conference, however, Sachs says the pope will call on the world at the United Nations to join the crusade for a New World Order.Sachs says,  Pope Francis will come to the United States and the United Nations in New York on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the United Nations, and at the moment when the world s 193 governments are resolved to take a step in solidarity toward a better world. On Sept. 25, Pope Francis will speak to the world leaders most likely the largest number of assembled heads of state and government in history as these leaders deliberate to adopt new Sustainable Development Goals for the coming generation. These goals will be a new worldwide commitment to build a world that aims to harmonize the pursuit of economic prosperity with the commitments to social inclusion and environmental sustainability. Rather than emphasize the absolute need for safeguarding individual rights in the face of government overreach and power, Sachs writes that the Gospel teachings of humility, love, and justice,  like the teachings of Aristotle, Buddha and Confucius,  can take us on a  path to happiness through compassion  and  become our guideposts back to safety. Writing elsewhere in the new issue of America, Christiana Z. Peppard, an assistant professor of theology, science, and ethics at Fordham University, writes about the  planetary pope,  saying,  What is really at stake in the collective response to the pope s encyclical is not, ultimately, whether our treasured notions of theology, science, reality or development can accommodate moral imperatives. The real question is whether we are brave enough and willing to try. The plan is quite simple: world government through global taxes, with a religious face to bring it about.Via: Western Journalism",0
15644,REMEMBER WHEN WE HAD A COMMANDER IN CHIEF WHO REALLY LOVED AND RESPECTED OUR MILITARY?,"Our military men and women never had to wonder if President George W. Bush cared about them Former Press Secretary for George W. Bush, Dana Perino, has a new book out about her tenure during the Bush Administration entitled,  And the Good News Is : Lessons and Advice from the Bright Side. One of the stories from the book is certainly raising some eyebrows about the former president. She describes a visit to Walter Reed military hospital by the then president during 2005. One of the men the president was visiting was a Marine who was in intensive care. What s his prognosis?  the president asked. Well, we don t know sir, because he s not opened his eyes since he arrived, so we haven t been able to communicate with him. But no matter what, Mr. President, he has a long road ahead of him,  said the CNO.The president and his aides then proceeded to carry out the purple heart ceremony for the young, unconscious marine.The Marine had just opened his eyes. I could see him from where I stood.The CNO held the medical team back and said,  Hold on, guys. I think he wants the president. The president jumped up and rushed over to the side of the bed. He cupped the Marine s face in his hands. They locked eyes, and after a couple of moments the president, without breaking eye contact, said to the military aide,  Read it again. So we stood silently as the military aide presented the Marine with the award for a second time. The president had tears dripping from his eyes onto the Marine s face. As the presentation ended, the president rested his forehead on the Marine s for a moment.Now everyone was crying, and for so many reasons: the sacrifice; the pain and suffering; the love of country; the belief in the mission; and the witnessing of a relationship between a soldier and his Commander in Chief that the rest of us could never fully grasp. (In writing this book, I contacted several military aides who helped me track down the name of the Marine. I hoped for news that he had survived. He did not. He died during surgery six days after the president s visit. He is buried at Arlington Cemetery and is survived by his wife and their three children.)Via: Controversial Times ",0
15645,FRIDAY DOCUMENT DUMP: 300 CLINTON E-MAILS RELEASED,"The Friday document dump today included 300 of the thousands of yet to be released Clinton e-mails. How convenient to release these on a holiday weekend. We re all being scammed in all this because these are the e-mails hand picked by Hillaries minions. We won t get to the truth because it was destroyed. This entire thing is smelling to high heaven The State Department released its first round of emails from Hillary Clinton s time as Secretary of State on Friday, offering a new look at her handling of the attacks on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi.The roughly 300 emails, about 850 pages, are part of the 30,000 that she turned over to State from her private email server, which she used almost exclusively to conduct both private and public business during her time at State. They reveal a range of correspondence from Clinton, everything from policy briefs to scheduling requests to friendly exchanges with staff.White House press secretary Josh Earnest says the new emails  do not change in any way anyone s understanding  of what happened in Benghazi, and the State Department reiterated the same in a tweet. The emails we release today do not change the essential facts or our understanding of the events before, during, or after the attacks,  the department tweeted.Clinton herself commented on the release at a campaign stop in New Hampshire on Friday, telling reporters she was happy they were out but was waiting for more. It s beginning. I just would like to see it expedited, so we could get more of them out more quickly,  she said.Below, a collection of some of the most newsworthy tidbits from the emails:A supportive boss In one email, sent four days before Christmas in 2012, Clinton sent a note to her entire State Department staff, acknowledging a  challenging week.  She had fainted about a week prior and suffered a concussion, which prevented her from testifying before House and Senate committees on the attacks. We need to learn from the tragedy in Benghazi and make every possible improvement   and we will,  she wrote in the five-paragraph note.One day earlier, Clinton wrote in an email to two top aides headed to the Hill on her behalf:  I ll be nursing my cracked head and cheering you on as you  remain calm and carry on!' One of those aides, Tom Nides, hints that he s not entirely excited about the grilling.Clinton replies:  Well, what doesn t kill you, makes you stronger (as I have rationalized for years), so just survive and you ll have triumphed! In most emails, she s referred to simply as  H. Stress over Benghazi scrutiny One email hints at the scrutiny the State Department was facing over Clinton s response to the Benghazi attacks. In their remarks the day after the attack, both Clinton and President Barack Obama made reference to an anti-Muslim video that some intelligence initially suggested prompted the attacks, a claim that was later found to be mistaken.On Sept. 24, 2012, Jake Sullivan, Clinton s deputy chief of staff at State, forwards her a 24-page document compiling all of the statements she had made after the attacks, and reassures her that she was careful in her wording. You never said spontaneous or characterized the motives. In fact you were careful in your first statement to say we were assessing motive and method,  he says.Sullivan also writes:  The way you treated the video in the Libya context was to say that some sought to *justify* the attack on that basis. Advice on foreign affairs Clinton received advice on foreign affairs from a range of former advisers from outside of the department, including Sidney Blumenthal, the former Clinton White House aide who s drawn scrutiny for issuing over two dozen memos to Clinton on Libya while also advising businesses looking to break into post-Gaddafi Libya.The emails reveal that Clinton often read, commented on and forwarded Blumenthal s memos   which laid out information obtained from his own sources on the situation in Libya   to Sullivan. Blumenthal will comply with a subpoena issued by the House Select Committee on Benghazi this week after his role in advising Clinton emerged.In a September 2012 email, Burns Strider, a senior adviser and director of Faith and Values Outreach on Clinton s 2008 campaign, forwards her a post from CNN s Belief blog by Stephen Prothero titled  My Take: A deadly link between Islamic and anti-Islamic terrorists.  She typically forwards these to State Department aides.Libya security concerns In the years leading up to the attack covered by the emails, there were a number of hints at the decaying security situation in Libya   key sticking point for Republican critics of Clinton s performance at State. Many believe she ignored warnings that the security there was declining and showed poor judgment in failing to beef up protection for U.S. officials there.In June of 2011, Sullivan emailed Hillary warning of a  credible threat against the hotel that our team is using,  and told her security officials would be moving personnel to other locations.She received an update in 2011 from Stevens on how fragile the security forces were in the country. The police chief is a university professor who took on these police duties after the revolution. According to the police chief, there are only 3,000 police in the Benghazi area, down from 6,000 prior to the revolution. Many police simply did not return to their jobs after the revolution, as they feared retaliation, Another email, sent in February of 2012 by then Ambassador to Libya Gene Cretz, warned of  concern here that continuing rivalries among the militias remains dangerous from the perspective of the havoc they can wreak with their firepower and their continued control of select turf. Congratulations and condolences on Benghazi In the days following the attacks, Clinton received a stream of condolences and congratulations from diplomats, lawmakers and world leaders on her handling of the situation.On Sept. 13, Clinton is forwarded an email from U.S. Ambassador to Israel Dan Shapiro, who says that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called him to offer  profound condolences  about the Benghazi attack.  He said Israelis know too well how difficult these moments are, and he wanted us all to know that Israelis stand shoulder-to-shoulder with us at such a difficult time,  Shapiro writes.Christian Brose, Sen. John McCain s national security adviser, emailed Sullivan on Sept. 12, 2012, the day Clinton gave a speech honoring those who died in the attacks, sending his boss s compliments.  What a wonderful, strong and moving statement by your boss. Please tell her how much Sen. McCain appreciated it. Me too,  he wrote.Former Secretary of Defense Robert Gates also sent his condolences.Intelligence holes? One October 2012 email underscores the limits of U.S. intelligence. Clinton emailed senior aide Cheryl Mills asking about an NPR report on the attacks. I just heard an NPR report about the CIA station chief in Tripoli sending a cable on 9/12 saying there was no demo etc.,  she wrote.  Do you know about this? Thoughts on the media A transcript of an interview with Wall Street Journal Reporter Monica Langley was circulated among a few top aides with commentary from Philippe Reines, a longtime spokesman for Clinton.He declared the October 10, 2012, conversation as an  awesome interview.  But he went on to say that Langley violated Clinton s personal space, by moving her chair knee-to-knee with the secretary, comparing it to  the dental hygienist rolling around the floor to get the best access to your mouth depending on which tooth she was trying to get access to. I ve never seen a westerner invade her space like that,  Reines wrote. But he went on to describe the interview as  wonderful. One of the best interviews I ve ever witnesses. Wish it were on live TV. Read more: cnn",0
15646,VETERANS CAN’T GET HEALTH CARE…But These MN Somali Muslims Got US Taxpayer Dollars For College…Used It For Jihad,"Our State Department brought in over 1 million 1 LEGAL immigrants entered the US in the last 20 years as a result of the Refugee Admissions program that was brainchild of Senator Ted Kennedy and was signed into law by President George H.W. Bush in 1990. Its primary purpose was to increase diversity in America. Has everyone had enough  diversity  yet?Clockwise, Hanad Mustafe Musse, 19, Guled Omar, 20, Zacharia Yusuf Adurahman, 19, and Adnan Abdihamid Farah, 19. They are four of six Minnesota Muslims that have been charged with traveling or attempting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State.Using college loans. Out. of control. Obama s jihad immigration policies now have us funding our own demise. Where is the oversight? Where is the outrage?Described as good students, hard workers, all had plenty of connections to community. Some of the young men got a head start on racking up college credits in high school. Some juggled college and jobs that helped them chip in for family budgets. Some worshiped NBA stars and caught college-night games at Target Center. Hmmmm, what went wrong?Sherburne County Sheriff s Office, via Associated Press Hanad Mustafe Musse, 19.Two Twin Cities men charged with conspiracy to fight alongside terrorists now face financial fraud charges for allegedly using their college loans to purchase airline tickets to fly to the Middle East.In a superseding indictment unsealed Tuesday by the U.S. attorney s office in Minnesota, Hamza Ahmed and Hanad Mustafe Musse were charged with using more than $1,000 of financial aid provided to them.Ahmed, 20, of Savage, and Musse, 19, of Minneapolis, are among seven young Somali-Americans from Minnesota who face charges of planning to leave the United States and fight alongside Islamic extremist groups. Six of them were charged in April.During the past two years, more than 20 Somali-Americans from Minnesota have left to fight alongside terrorists with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, or ISIL, according to the FBI.The new indictment says that Ahmed and Musse bought airline tickets on Nov. 8, 2014, from New York s John F. Kennedy Airport to Europe, using more than $1,000 in federal college financial aid. Ahmed used his aid money to purchase a flight to Istanbul, Turkey, authorities say. Musse used similar funds to buy a ticket to travel to Greece. From those two destinations, authorities say the pair then planned on heading to Syria. Ahmed had actually boarded his flight when he was ordered off the plane by officers from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection.In a related matter, Abdirahman Daud, 21, another alleged conspirator, made his first appearance in federal court in Minneapolis on Tuesday morning before U.S. Chief District Judge Michael Davis. Daud was arrested by the FBI in San Diego in late April, along with alleged conspirator Mohamed Farah, after they drove from Minneapolis to California. They were accompanied on the trip by a confidential informant who was working for the FBI.Daud and Farah allegedly planned to acquire false documents in San Diego in order to cross into Mexico. From there, they planned on flying to the Middle East with the intent of entering Syria to fight, authorities say.Daud, who is charged with providing material support to terrorists, is scheduled to appear for a detention hearing Friday afternoon in front of Davis. Farah is charged with conspiracy and is expected to be returned to the Twin Cities later this week. Farah s brother, Adnan, was arrested last month in connection with the case and is charged with providing support to terrorists. He is being held in the Sherburne County jail.Via: Pamela Gellar",0
15647,NO TRANSPARENCY ON TRADE BILL FROM THE MOST TRANSPARENT ADMINISTRATION IN HISTORY,"WHEN YOU AGREE WITH LIZ WARREN YOU KNOW SOMETHING S WRONG!Democrat Sens. Joe Manchin (WV) and Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) went to the Senate floor to push for immediate consideration of a bill that would make the Obamatrade text public. Currently, Congress has to go to a secured room to review the text and can t take notes out or discuss what is in it with the public. The  motion to make the text public failed when Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-UT)objected.Manchin and Warren even praised President George W. Bush, who released his free trade text in 2001. President Obama, who promised to have the most transparent administration in history, is not releasing his trade deal text. We re just asking for some transparency before we have this crucial vote,  said Warren. She said people have heard a lot about the trade bill, but haven t seen it. The press hasn t seen it, neither have economists or legal experts because the administration is making it impossible for any of those people to read it. We should keep the deal secret because if the details were made public now, the public would oppose it,  mocked Warren.  Well, that s not how our democracy is supposed to work. Warren went on to introduce her legislation with Manchin in order to make the bill public and transparent. This bill would require the president to publically release the scrubbed bracketed text of a trade deal at least 60 days before Congress votes on any fast-track for that deal. That would give the public, the experts, the press an opportunity to review the deal. It would allow for some honest pubic debate,  Warren said.Via: Breitbart",0
15648,BREAKING: CLINTON FOUNDATION FINDS $26 MILLION MORE IN PREVIOUSLY UNDISCLOSED PAYMENTS,"The Clintons found more money $26 million more. They ve been using their positions in government to raise money but haven t been reporting it. Hummm, this just keeps getting worse but will they be held accountable for not reporting this money? That s the big question The Clinton Foundation reported Thursday that it has received as much as $26.4 million in previously undisclosed payments from major corporations, universities, foreign sources and other groups.The disclosure came as the foundation faced questions over whether it fully complied with a 2008 ethics agreement to reveal its donors and whether any of its funding sources present conflicts of interest for Hillary Rodham Clinton as she begins her presidential campaign.The money was paid as fees for speeches by Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton. Foundation officials said the funds were tallied internally as  revenue  rather than donations, which is why they had not been included in the public listings of its contributors published as part of the 2008 agreement.According to the new information, the Clintons have delivered 97 speeches to benefit the charity since 2002. Colleges and universities sponsored more than two dozen of these speeches, along with U.S. and overseas corporations and at least one foreign government, Thailand.The payments were disclosed late Thursday on the organization s Web site, with speech payments listed in ranges rather than specific amounts. In total, the payments ranged between $12 million and $26.4 million.The paid appearances included speeches by former president Bill Clinton to the Ni ger ian ThisDay newspaper group for at least $500,000 and to the Beijing Huaduo Enterprise Consulting Company Ltd., an investment holding company that specializes in the natural gas market, for at least $250,000. Citibank paid at least $250,000 for a speech by Hillary Rodham Clinton.The disclosures underscore how much the Clintons have leveraged their star power to draw more money not just for their personal enrichment but also for the benefit of their philanthropic work.Read more: wapo",0
15649,(VIDEO) CHICKEN LITTLE OBAMA CLAIMS CLIMATE CHANGE IS A “SERIOUS THREAT TO GLOBAL SECURITY”,"THE CLIMATE CHANGE BS STARTS AROUND THE 16:00 MARK- GLOBALLY WE COULD SEE A RISE IN *CLIMATE CHANGE REFUGEES    *Take note that Obama could add thousands and thousands more refugees to America if he s able to say that climate change is a reason for refugee status.Please, please listen to the entire part of this speech about global warming from the 16:00 mark on. Obama s telling you we ll need to sacrifice and it s gonna be really hard. Huh???He must be kidding! Obama is REALLY pushing the climate change scam but what he did yesterday is beyond the pale. He had a chance to be positive when speaking to Coast Guard grads but he blew it in a bizarre speech about climate change. I am here today to say that climate change constitutes a serious threat to global security, an immediate risk to our national security, and, make no mistake, it will impact how our military defends our country, Climate change, especially rising seas, is a threat to our homeland security   our economy, infrastructure, and the safety and health of the American people, Push back on this in any way you can! Make noise somehow-social media is the quickest and best way to hammer these politicians. The agenda of climate change is trying to pull us in the global redistribution direction. We should not participate in this scam.",0
15650,"BLACK TV HOST HAMMERS RACIST MOOCH: ‘The only hope you have Michelle Obama, is that everybody will be as miserable as you”","SPOT ON RACHEL ZONATION The Obamas pride themselves on being staples in the black community who can do no wrong in the eyes of African Americans. Unfortunately for them, however, more and more black people are turning on the Obamas and seeing them for what they really are.After seeing Michelle Obama s graduation speech at the predominantly black Tuskegee University, TV show host Alfonso Rachel knew that he could stay silent no longer. He took to his internet talk show to slam the first lady in a video that has gotten over 25,000 views in just 3 days.Here s an excerpt of what he said: If knowledge is power and you are graduating with the power of knowledge then how are you going to tolerate this agitator coming in to convince you, that you re a victim, despite the power you re graduating with. You are the first freaking lady of the United States and you re still a spoiled butt-hurt victim, whining about unfairness. You re not interested in representing the United States, you re not interested in representing ALL the people, your interest is in representing the black community and as the first lady you have represented us as bitter and spoiled. The only hope that people like you have, Michelle Obama is that people will be as miserable as you. Via: MrConservative.com",0
15651,AS ISIS HAS CELEBRATORY PARADE IN W. ANBAR PROVINCE OF IRAQ: Pathetic Obama Regime Asks Networks To Stop Using “B-loop” ISIS Footage,"A Pentagon spokesman claims it s more like  One Toyota speeding down the road by itself at night with its headlights off.  Um Unless I m mistaken Barry, I see more than one Toyota Really? Because just the other day ISIS rolled into the W. Anbar province and actually held a parade to celebrate their victory. All of this pomp and circumstance took place in a country where Obama pulled our troops and declared he  ended the war in Iraq. Here is Barack Hussein Obama bragging about  ending the war in Iraq  and then wonders aloud to the press why they keep asking him about pulling out of Iraq like  as if it was my decision. Here is President George W. Bush in 2007 warning that if we pulled out of Iraq on a whim before our commanders told us we were ready, it would be  dangerous  and warned about  mass killings on a horrific scale. https://youtu.be/6ZkExYK_YWkInstead of fighting a war in Iraq, Obama and his regime are busy crafting a lie about the strength of ISIS and openly demanding that our state-run media comply with his propaganda. And now: Frustrated that coverage of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant isn t reflecting reality on the ground, senior Obama administration officials are urging television networks to update their footage of the radical militant group.Senior State Department and Pentagon officials have begun contacting television network reporters to ask them to stop using  B-roll    stock footage that appears on screen while reporters and commentators talk   showing ISIL at the peak of its strength last summer. We are urging broadcasters to avoid using the familiar B-roll that we ve all seen before, file footage of ISIL convoys operating in broad daylight, moving in large formations with guns out, looking to wreak havoc,  said Emily Horne, spokeswoman for retired Gen. John Allen, the State Department s special envoy leading the international coalition against ISIL. It s inaccurate   that s no longer how ISIL moves,  Horne said.  A lot of that footage is from last summer before we began tactical strikes. The effort is ad hoc for now, with U.S. officials approaching correspondents from several networks in informal settings. Representatives from CNN, NBC, Fox, or ABC did not respond to multiple requests for comment. A source at CBS said they hadn t heard from the administration yet regarding their footage. Since the U.S. began conducting air strikes against ISIL positions and convoys last August, America and its allies have dropped thousands of bombs against the group in Iraq and Syria. U.S. officials say ISIL fighters can no longer congregate in daylight or move in large convoys that are easily spotted   and struck   from above.A more accurate image, said Col. Steven Warren, a Pentagon spokesman, would be  one Toyota speeding down the road by itself at night with its headlights off. Via: Politico",0
15652,BURN! ANTI-HILLARY AND STEPHANOPOULOS STREET ART POPS UP NEAR ABC HEADQUARTERS,"STREET ART HAS APPEARED on the streets surrounding ABC News  Good Morning America studios in New York City. The posters feature Hillary Clinton with a smiling George Stephanopoulos, the ABC News anchor under fire for failing to disclose $75,000 in donations to the Clinton Foundation, along with the words  Pay Pal  and  Donate. They were posted near ABC News studios on  Peter Jennings Way  in Manhattan.",0
15653,"OBAMA TO GRANT WORK PERMITS FOR SPOUSES OF ILLEGAL ALIENS ON MAY 26, While 89% of Long-term Jobless Americans Would ‘Search Harder’ If Benefits Ran Out","40% of Americans have given up looking for work. Obama logic: Don t cut or reduce benefits for those unwilling to look for work, just give their jobs to illegal aliens makes perfect sense.A Large Percentage Of Americans Have Given Up Looking For WorkA new survey by staffing firm Express Employment Professionals shows that 40% of America s unemployed have  given up  looking for work.Not only are the long-term jobless being left behind but nearly 50% hold themselves responsible for not finding a job, the firm s  The State of the Unemployed  survey found.The survey of 1,553 jobless Americans age 18 and older was conducted online by Harris Poll on behalf of Express Employment Professionals between 7 and 29 April 2015. This survey shows that some of the troubling trends we observed last year are continuing. While the economy is indeed getting better for some, for others who have been unemployed long-term, they are increasingly being left behind. Meanwhile, more than 2 out of 5 unemployed Americans have been jobless for more than 2 years. That represents an increase from Y 2014, when 32% said they had been out of work for more than 2 years.48% report not having an interview in the last month; among them, 87% have not had an interview since the beginning of Y 2014 or earlier with 77% not having been on an interview since Y 2013.Among the unemployed, 14% are receiving unemployment benefits.Of those receiving benefits, 89% say they would  search harder and wider  for work if their benefits ran out before finding a job.Via:American workers who lost their jobs to foreign replacements are suing the federal government over a new rule that will allow more foreign workers into the job market.In a stated effort to encourage guest workers to stick around permanently, the Department of Homeland Security will now grant their spouses work permits in addition to visas. DHS estimates more than 100,000 spouses will be eligible to apply when it begins accepting applications May 26.The complaint, filed by the Immigration Reform Law Institute on behalf of the displaced workers, alleges DHS does not have the authority to make the rule, and that the rule violates federal labor protection law. IRLI is asking the judge to halt implementation of the rule until the case is heard. The larger implication is that Obama is arguing he has the executive authority to allow anyone to work in the United States,  John Miano, the attorney for the displaced workers, told The Daily Caller News Foundation.  [He] started with the children, then the parents, and now the spouses of H-1B workers. An update to the federal register indicates the Obama administration is also looking at expansions to other visa programs, he said.  If the president can let illegal aliens work, he can let anyone work and he s doing it. The workers are former employees of tech giant Southern California Edison, which was recently investigated for firing hundreds of American workers after forcing them to train their foreign replacements. (RELATED: Senators Ask Feds to Investigate Guest Worker Visa Abuse)The biggest challenge will be convincing a judge the workers he represents have legal standing to bring the case, Miano told TheDCNF.He ll argue the rule is relevant to the displaced workers because it will result in more competition in their job market. The government will counter that the workers can t prove the rule will affect their future job prospects.If the judge agrees to hear the case, Miano will then make the case that DHS overstepped the bounds of its authority and that the rule violates labor protection law. The law states that foreign work permits cannot adversely affect American wages, but all we ve seen during this administration is standards of living fall and outsized corporate profits continue to rise,  IRLI Executive Director Dale Wilcox said in a statement.  Via: The Daily Caller",0
15654,DOJ LEADER PUTS BLAME FOR RIOTS ON…SLAVERY?,"It s no accident that President Obama named Vanita Gupta acting head of the Civil Rights Division of the DOJ. Gupta is beloved by the radical left for her militant hostility toward law enforcement officers. Here s a fantastic overview from J. Christian Adams who has intimate knowledge of what s going on at the DOJ. He worked  there and knows just how the DOJ has been turned into a politicized radical leftist entity of the Obama administration. Here s an example of that:Vanita Gupta, head of the Department of Justice Civil Rights Division, has told a lawyers group in Colorado that slavery and Jim Crow helped fuel the Ferguson and Baltimore riots.The last few days have seen a number of fanciful stories with the Obama administration seemingly questioning the authority of local police. I ve long maintained that the administration is nakedly seeking to federalize policing standards   but get rid of local police? No way, that sounds like something broadcast from a shortwave station in Austin, Texas. But then up steps Vanita Gupta to lend some credibility to the idea that some want to disband local police and replace police powers with the federal government. Speaking to a group of left-wing lawyers in Colorado, Gupta had this to say:The conversation in these rooms, however, is not about whether to have police or not but about what kind of policing communities want and deserve.There is no question that we need police in our communities.The conversation? What conversation is Gupta hearing that needs to be corrected? Who brought up the idea we might not need police? Nobody sane, for sure.If you read the entirety of Gupta s speech, you ll get a sense of what is going on in the mind of the anti-police left. Officials in this administration still think it is rational and acceptable to bring up the name Michael Brown in the context of anything other than a likely felon against whom deadly force was justifiably used. Behold Gupta:Eric Garner. Michael Brown. Tamir Rice. John Crawford. Walter Scott. Freddie Gray.These names and many others have become familiar to us under tragic circumstances in recent months. Their deaths and those of other unarmed African American men and women in encounters with police officers, have provoked widespread responses across the country and have fueled the Black Lives Matter movement. In communities of color, in particular, the reaction has been stark and sobering.In the seven months I have been at the Civil Rights Division, I have spent a lot of time with local leaders and community members in cities all across America, including with numerous mothers who have lost their children in officer-involved shootings. The pain, anger, frustration   the lack of trust in the police   is real, and it is profound.Gupta asks the question that many Americans have already asked and answered:It s worth asking, first, how did we get here? And second, what are we going to do about it?To most law-abiding Americans, the idea of fleeing from the police, or worse, charging at a policeman you have already punched, is simply beyond the realm of possibility.So how did we get here? Was it a breakdown of values? Perhaps a pervasive tolerance for lawlessness? Of course not. Says Gupta:Let s start with the first question and consider the source of the mistrust. Mistrust can t be explained away as the kneejerk reaction of the ill-informed or the hyperbolic. It s in part the product of historical awareness about the role that police have played in enforcing and perpetuating (wait for it! here it comes!) slavery, the Black Codes, lynchings and Jim Crow segregation.Read more: pjmediaRead more: pjmedia",0
15655,DISNEY WORKER TELLS HORROR STORY OF BEING FORCED TO TRAIN FOREIGN WORKER To Replace Him Or Forego Severance Package,"We ve been screaming from the rooftop that Obama s new open border policy will destroy job opportunities for Americans who really want to work. Can you hear us now?If they keep this up Disney won t be referred to as the  Happiest Place On Earth  for very much longer Republican senator and presidential candidate Marco Rubio is backing a bill that would triple the number of guest workers businesses could hire every year, after hundreds of workers in his state were fired and literally replaced by foreign guest workers.Disney, Southern California Edison and most recently Fossil Group have together fired hundreds of American tech workers and forced them to train their foreign replacements, many of whom were flown in specifically to take their job. You had me here one day, and the next day you had an Indian worker at a lower skill level sitting at my desk,  one of the hundreds of tech workers who Disney recently fired told The Daily Caller News Foundation.He and hundreds of his fellow  Cast Members  were informed last October they were being replaced by a foreign work force, and they could either stick around for 90 days and train their replacements   with a good attitude   or leave immediately and forego their severance packages.About a month before Disney broke the news, this worker got the very highest rating you can get from management in a performance review, received a raise and was told to expect a promotion. And just a week or two before the announcement, Disney announced record-breaking profits for the company.So when he was called in to that October meeting he was expecting some sort of promotion or pat on the back. Instead, he and the few dozen other highly regarded, knowledgable and experienced employees called into the meeting were told they had 90 days to find employment elsewhere. Twenty years of hard work, technical skill building, fostering relationships, a bachelor s degree in IT, guided me to a coveted position as an IT engineer at Disney,  he told TheDCNF, speaking on condition of anonymity, because he s waiting on legal advice.  And that was just wiped out. They were encouraged to apply for other jobs at Disney, and ordered to stay and fully train their replacements, if they wanted to keep their severance package. A 10 percent bonus was dangled as a reward for those who cooperated fully and maintained a great attitude.The office was soon flooded with the foreign workers, most of whom were fresh out of college. In the first phase, the foreign worker sat next to the American worker in  knowledge transfer sessions,  and videotaped everything they said and did, and then reviewed the tapes with the American worker to ensure accuracy.Via: The Daily Caller ",0
15656,UP TO $1 MILLION TO BE DONATED TO WOUNDED WARRIOR PROJECT FROM SALES OF “American Sniper” DVD,"Wounded Warrior Project has done so much to help so many veterans who have paid a heavy price for our freedom. Senior Airman Brian Kolfage Jr is a good friend and recipient of the WWP s 2014 George C. Lang Award for Courage.The George C. Lang Award for Courage PRESENTED TO BRIAN KOLFAGE Jr. from Brian on Vimeo.Sales from the newly released DVD of American Sniper are expected to generate a million dollars for the Wounded Warrior Project (WWP), a charitable organization founded to  honor and empower  U.S. veterans and armed service members who incurred a physical or mental injury after 9/11.A Warner Bros. production company statement says that one dollar of each purchase of the DVD, between its release on Tuesday and December 31, will be donated to WWP, up to $1 million from sales.American Sniper was based on the autobiography of Chris Kyle, a runaway bestseller which spent 18 weeks on the New York Times bestseller list, 13 of those at number one. Kyle is thought to have been the most lethal Navy SEAL sniper in American history with 160 confirmed kills.The blockbuster film, which was unabashedly pro-War on Terror, was a massive box office success and out-grossed every other film released in 2014, including The Hunger Games: Mockingjay   Part 1 and Guardians of the Galaxy. The film grossed some $543 million worldwide.According to The Christian Post, Kyle personally wanted Clint Eastwood to direct the film, and after his tragic death the producers approached Eastwood who agreed to sign on as director of the project.Together with his friend, Chad Littlefield, Kyle was shot and killed by a Marine that he was trying to help overcome PTSD while at a Texas gun range in 2013, not long before the film went into production.Chris Kyle was a Christian whose father served as a deacon and whose mother taught Sunday school. He believed in the morality of what he did as a Navy SEAL sniper, and felt that on Judgment Day he would have things to answer for, but that his service as a SEAL wouldn t be one of them. In his autobiography, Kyle wrote:I believe the fact that I ve accepted Jesus as my savior will be my salvation. But in that backroom or whatever it is when God confronts me with my sins, I do not believe any of the kills I had during the war will be among them. Everyone I shot was evil. I had good cause on every shot. They all deserved to die.Via: Breitbart News",0
15657,(VIDEO) KEY CLINTON STATE DEPT EMPLOYEE BLOCKED RELEASE OF POLITICALLY SENSITIVE DOCUMENTS,"(VIDEO ABOVE)STATE DEPARTMENT SPOKESPERSON HARF WON T COMMENT ON THE CHERYL MILLS BLOCK OF SENSITIVE DOCUMENTS ABOUT HILLARY CLINTONHillary s Chief of Staff could be part of the key to the truth of so much corruption. Cheryl Mills ran interference the night Benghazi broke. Hillary s claim that an anti-Islam video, created Benghazi, was promoted by Mills. Benghazi information was compromised by Ms. Mills but it would be asking too much to expect her to come clean on it. Truth just isn t in the cards for any of these lowlifes.WASHINGTON When Hillary Clinton was secretary of state, her staff scrutinized politically sensitive documents requested under public-records law and sometimes blocked their release, according to people with direct knowledge of the activities.In one instance, her chief of staff, Cheryl Mills, told State Department records specialists she wanted to see all documents requested on the controversial Keystone XL pipeline, and later demanded that some be held back.In another case, Ms. Mills s staff negotiated with the records specialists over the release of documents about former President Bill Clinton s speaking engagements also holding some back.The records requests came under the Freedom of Information Act, or FOIA, the public s main tool to get information from the government. Decisions on what to release belong with each agency s FOIA staff, say experts on the law, to guard against the withholding of documents for political or other inappropriate reasons.Questions about the transparency of Mrs. Clinton s State Department tenure have been bubbling ever since it was revealed that she exclusively used a private email account to conduct her work as secretary. The existence of that private system, which is being investigated by a House special committee probing the 2012 attack on a U.S. diplomatic outpost in Benghazi, Libya, meant the department didn t have access to her emails when public requests to see them came in.Read more: WSJ",0
15658,MAJOR DONATIONS TO CLINTON FOUNDATION From Country Who Tortures Dissidents And Provided Lavish Digs For Bill and Chelsea During CGI Conference,"What s a million dollars between friends? To hell with human rights violations Hillary s got a campaign to win!A major Clinton Foundation donor regularly arrests dissidents and brutally tortures them to extract confessions, according to a new report from Amnesty International.The New York Times reports that despite promises of reform, the Moroccan government continues to use  violent interrogation tactics  to  crush dissent. Moroccan King Mohammed VI recently hosted Bill and Chelsea Clinton at a Clinton Global Initiative conference in Marrakech, where guests were  chauffeured across the city to an opulent 56-room palace that boasts a private collection of Arabian horses, overlooks the snow-capped Atlas Mountains and serves a fine-dining menu of  biolight  cuisine,  according to the Washington Post.    During the conference Bill cited  Morocco s longstanding friendship to my family,  and thanked the king, who pledged as much as $500,000 toward the construction of the Clinton Library, as well as the OCP Corporation, a government-owned phosphate mining company that has donated at least $1 million to the Clinton Foundation. In interviews with POLITICO, former OCP miners described witnessing verbal and physical abuse doled out by the government against member of a minority advocating for independence in Western Sahara.Amnesty International secretary general Salil Shetty blasted the Moroccan government in a statement, saying:  Morocco s leaders portray the image of a liberal, human-rights-friendly country. But as long as the threat of torture hangs over detention and dissent that image will just be a mirage. According to the report, Moroccan dissidents are repeatedly subjected to  beatings, stress positions, asphyxiation, simulated drowning, psychological and sexual violence,  as a means of securing confessions for alleged crimes against the state. One tactic, known as the  roast chicken,  involves  suspending detainees from an iron bar by their wrists and knees. It is not known whether Bill Clinton met with any Moroccan detainees while hobnobbing at the Clinton Foundation event, which featured a  lavish palm-tree-lined golf resort with a cocktail reception featuring Moroccan hors d oeuvres and a saxophonist serenading about 50 donors. Via: Washington Free Beacon",0
15659,‘GENTLE GIANT’ MICHAEL BROWN MEMORIAL UNVEILED…Video Captures Arrest Made At Memorial Spot On Same Day,"It would have been more appropriate for the plaque to mention that the Obama-Holder-Sharpton race war started here on Canfield Dr in Ferguson, MO. on Aug. 9, 2014 Mike Brown Sr. carried the plaque to Canfield Drive in the rain today.The makeshift Mike Brown memorial on Canfield Drive in Ferguson, Missouri caught fire and burned to the ground in September.The memorial was then ran over in December.The plaque to Mike Brown reads:In Memory of Michael O.D. Brown May 20, 1996   August 9, 2014I would like the memory of Michael Brown to be a happy one. He left an afterglow of smiles when life was done. He leaves an echo whispering softly down the ways, of happy and loving times times and bright and sunny days. He d like the tears of those who grieve, to dry before the sun of happy memories that he left behind when life was done.The last video of gentle Michael Brown was taken when he robbed a convenience store and roughed up the owner before his death.https://youtu.be/9Uf5mfE057EGentle Mike Brown was shot dead when he attacked a police officer after the robbery.There was at least one arrest today at the memorial ceremony.pic.twitter.com/mYWCgLGYGw  Search4Swag (@search4swag) May 20, 2015Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15660,MUST WATCH COMEDY: ROOM FULL OF DEMS ARE ASKED TO NAME ONE OF HILLARY’S ACCOMPLISHMENTS AS SEC. OF STATE…., ,0
15661,STORE OWNER BASHES LIBERAL OBAMAITES AS HE SHUTS HIS DOORS AND MOVES, ,0
15662,WHY IS OBAMA DISARMING COPS IN AMERICA At Same Time Terror Threat Is Being Raised?,"In the face of mounting threats of terrorism and civil unrest in U.S. cities, President Barack Obama is arbitrarily prohibiting local police and sheriff departments from obtaining military surplus equipment from the Defense Department as part of what many law enforcement officers are calling his war on police.Beginning on Monday, Obama visited a number of high-crime areas   especially those with large black populations   to explain the need for his unilateral action, according to news sources on Monday.President Obama s spokespeople said Monday that the administration will no longer give local cops some types of protective gear and vehicles while putting stricter controls on other weapons and equipment distributed to law enforcement. The details were released prior to Obama s visit to Camden, News Jersey, Monday afternoon to give a speech on how he will address police officers allegedly using racist tactics based on racist departmental policies.Obama and his supporters view police wearing protective riot gear and using armored vehicles as being overly-aggressive in neighborhoods that are predominately black and Hispanic. The President even accused some departments of issuing bayonets, which is demonstrably untrue, according to one police officer who claims she voted for Obama in 2008.  This President actually shows his dislike for local cops. I believe he wants to federalize policing and do away with local and state law enforcement. While the constitution prohibits that, when was the last time Obama cared about what the constitution says,  said Iris Aquino, a former police detective.During Obama s speech in Camden, New Jersey, a city reputed to have the highest violent crime rate in the United States, not once did he mention the police officers who were gunned down by blacks or whites within the last few months, noted a New York City police official who has been active fighting against the anti-cop Mayor Bill de Blasio.  That s because Obama like many liberal-left ideologues believe that police officers are the primary oppressors of minorities. The fact that Obama and the  racial-division industry    which includes the likes of Al Sharpton and Jesse Jackson   keep blacks in a state of poverty in order to use their anger and resentment for their own political interests appears to escape the notice of the news media, another group that doesn t care about dead cops,  he said.Originally police officers were led to believe that Obama would continue the Pentagon s military surplus program, however a panel of his sycophants warned that there is a propensity for misuse of equipment such as armored vehicles, high-powered firearms and camouflage. But not one example of police misusing an armored vehicle has been reported.  I have not heard of one incident in which police misused an armored vehicle. These are defensive vehicles used by cops to protect themselves from gunfire, Molotov cocktails, explosives and weapons of mass destruction,  said former law enforcement commander Jack McGowan.  High-powered firearms? The police use nothing that even resembles a  powerful  firearm. And camo clothing is clothing. No one gets hurt from a shirt s design pattern,  McGowan said.Besides cutting off the flow of equipment that would have gone to local law enforcement, the Obama government considering a recall of certain equipment that was already give to local police and sheriffs departments.  I ll highlight steps all cities can take to maintain trust between the brave law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line, and the communities they re sworn to serve and protect,  Obama said in his weekly address out Saturday.Obama believes law enforcement is a necessary evil, claim his opponents.  He s never showed local cops any respect. He also doesn t trust any agency he doesn t directly control. This is an American leader who wants to federalize the law enforcement function and he has a lot supporters who trust big government over states rights,  political strategist Michael Baker.Former New York City Mayor Rudy Guiliani s Police Commissioner Howard Safir said he believes a  war on police,  exists in America, the anti-cop attitudes are being stoked up by Obama and his minions.  After 20 years of incredible crime reduction accomplished by thousands of dedicated police officers, the public has become complacent now that they are safer,  said Safir.  They have let the anti-police pundits and talking heads convince everyone from the president to the attorney general that police are racist and brutal. Via: Examiner",0
15663,(VIDEO) WHAT THE HECK! MICHELLE OBAMA STARS IN AWKWARD KICKBOXING VIDEO,"Can she just go away? This is so bizarre no words for the pictures except UGH!Michelle Obama has posted a workout video online that shows her pumping iron, crunching her abs with a medicine ball, and smacking a punch-bag with a roundhouse kick. The two-minute clip shows Michelle in full workout gear in the gym with the family s personal trainer Cornell McClellan putting her through her paces.I THINK MOOCH HAS HIM BEAT-REMEMBER THE VIDEO OF BARACK WORKING OUT IN A WARSAW GYM?  The First Lady tweeted the video to husband Barack Obama after the President posted his own film showing him going running in a suit and drinking water with Joe Biden in the Oval Office.Read more: Daily Mail",0
15664,(VIDEO) JUDGE NAPOLITANO FILLS US IN ON ORDER FOR “ROLLING RELEASE” OF CLINTON E-MAILS, ,0
15665,WILL TAYLOR SWIFT “Bestie” AND LEFTIST WHO LIED ABOUT BEING RAPED BY A REPUBLICAN Ruin Her Wholesome Image?," Misogyny is ingrained in people from the time they are born   Taylor Swiftmi sog y ny m s j n /Submit noun dislike of, contempt for, or ingrained prejudice against women. Becoming friends with Lena   without her preaching to me, but just seeing why she believes what she believes, why she says what she says, why she stands for what she stands for   has made me realize that I ve been taking a feminist stance without actually saying so,  she said at the time.Taylor Swift has decided to use her platform as Maxim magazine s June cover girl to address feminism, and says her music is unfairly categorized as whiny because of society s systematic misogyny.The 25-year-old singer, who has won seven Grammy s and is worth an estimated $200 million, explained to the men s publication why she believes there is a double standard when it comes to how others analyze her music. A man writing about his feelings from a vulnerable place is brave; A woman writing about her feelings from a vulnerable place is oversharing or whining,  she said.  Misogyny is ingrained in people from the time they are born. So to me, feminism is probably the most important movement that you could embrace, because it s just basically another word for equality,  she added.The seemingly impressionable mega star, who hadn t previous identified as a feminist, told the Guardian last August how one of her closest friends, Lena Dunham, put it into perspective for her.Approximately two months after she spoke to the Guardian, Swift told David Letterman how  empowering  Dunham was, while explaining how the two became friends. She direct messaged me, and she said  We need to be best friends. I feel like you ve been my best friend in my head for months and almost years now. So, I need to see you in person; then I will lavish you with complements in person,  Swift recounted.Fortune Magazine named Swift as the world s most influential female leader in March, citing her savvy business nature.While Swift speaks of a double standard surrounding her music, it has yet to affect her album sales or stop her from selling out two or three stadium shows every week.Just this past Sunday, the  Shake it Off  singer nabbed eight recognitions at the Billboard Music Awards, including top female artist, top artist, top Billboard 200 artist, top Billboard 200 album, top streaming song, and top Hot 100 artist.Watch: Taylor Swift Likes Lena Dunham- David Lettermanhttps://youtu.be/jFZsQKdR20UWhat was supposed to be Her Year has in fact turned out to be five-alarm disaster for Lena Dunham, the creator of HBO s  Girls.  A year ago, closing out 2014 had to look pretty exciting to the 28 year-old. No matter how good or bad it was, her memoir would be released to guaranteed critical acclaim (she is Lena Dunham after all), there were two major Golden Globe nominations, and the publicity surrounding the 4th season premiere of  Girls  was going to be bigger than anything anyone could have ever imagined.2014 was going to be Dunham s breakthrough; the year she went mainstream. Along with the gushing reviews of her memoir and slavish coverage from The New York Times, there would be countless magazine covers, talk show appearances, and a thousand slathering articles obsessing over her every tweet and utterance. The entertainment media was on board. The mainstream media was on board. And at first it all went according to plan.Things went so well there was even talk of Lena Dunham starring in a  Ghostbusters  remake. You don t get any more mainstream than that. And you certainly don t get any more mainstream than having a best friend forever like Taylor Swift.Then, in three words, it all fell apart: Hypocrisy, lies, children. Hypocrisy: Dunham demanded people vote   then it was discovered she did not vote.Lies: Dunham claimed in her non-fiction memoir that she had been raped in college by a campus Republican named Barry. She lied. And in the process indicted an innocent family man as her alleged rapist. Worse, Dunham and her publisher Random House stood silent for two months even after they knew the memoir had placed a cloud of suspicion over an innocent man.While attempting to run to Dunham s defense, Gawker tripped over itself and was forced to report their belief that Dunham s alleged rapist is  wait for it, wait or it   a Democrat.No one is questioning whether or not Dunham was raped. Something no one else is questioning, though, is that her behavior in this matter was breathtakingly selfish and craven.Children: Dunham s unnatural sexual behavior towards her much younger sister creeped everyone in America out not named Jimmy Kimmel.Those are just the top 3. The Wrap dug up 3 more PR  disasters. The mainstream media desperately tried to save Dunham from herself, especially the cowardly and wildly dishonest Savannah Guthrie and Bill Simmons. But they just ended up sullying their own reputations.Via: Breitbart News",0
15666,(VIDEO) TREY GOWDY GETS REAL AT COMMUNITY POLICING HEARING: “ALL LIVES MATTER!”, ,0
15667,FOOT-SOLDIERS IN OBAMA’S WAR AGAINST COPS ARRESTED: Plan To Use Rocket Launcher Thwarted,"Michael Conger was arrested by Eustis police once on a violation of a probation warrant and Jeremy Robertson had never been arrested by the Marion County Sheriff s Dept., They only knew of Robertson s whereabouts after a tip came in to inform them that he was in the area and had a criminal history. Based on their past history with this particular Sheriff s Department, it s easy to see why they had a bone to pick with them or maybe they just caught the F*#k the police fever? Thanks for placing a bullseye on the backs of our law enforcement officers Barack   Marion County sheriff s deputies seized 22 firearms after receiving a tip that a rocket-propelled grenade launcher and missiles would be used against Eustis police, St. Mary of the Lakes Catholic Church and a local Elk s Club.The weapons, along with several containers of black powder, marijuana, powdered and crack cocaine, prescription pills, scales, other drug paraphernalia and two bulletproof vests were found in a Marion County shed, authorities said Monday.Deputies said they received information that the occupants of the shed intended to use the rocket launcher on the Eustis Police Department on Monday because of recent run-ins with officers.Eustis Police Chief Fred Cobb told Local 6, however, that he was blindsided by the threat because his department had little to no contact with two men arrested in the case.https://youtu.be/OjuOydtNJD4Cobb said Christopher Michael Conger was arrested by Eustis police on a violation of probation warrant. Cobb said that his department knows about Jeremy Robertson only because his staff received a tip notifying them that he was in the area and was known to carry drugs and weapons. It s a reminder for the public that we serve that this is a dangerous profession,  Cobb said.  Even in small-town U.S.A., Eustis, Florida. Via: Click Orlando ",0
15668,(Video)White House Says Obama’s Strategy Against ISIS A Success As Huge ISIS Parade Rolls Into Ramadi,Did someone not tell this goofball that Ramadi just fell to ISIS? Does this parade look like a success for America to you? ,0
15669,"LISTEN TO THIS MEMBER OF CONGRESS WHINE ABOUT NOT “BEING PAID PROPERLY”…AVG PAY $174,000","He wants more money? He should find a different occupation that pays more. Hey Florida, vote this guy out! Members deserve to be paid, staff deserves to be paid and the cost of living here is causing serious problems for people who are not wealthy to serve in this institution,  the Florida Democrat said at a Rules Committee meeting, referring to the average member s $174,000 annual salary.  We aren t being paid properly,    Dem.Rep.Alcee Hastings",0
15670,(VIDEO) MORE LIES: HILLARY USED MULTIPLE E-MAILS WHILE SERVING AS SECRETARY OF STATE,"Emails published by the New York Times Monday indicate that Hillary Clinton used more than one private email address during her time as secretary of state, contradicting previous claims from the Democratic presidential contender s office.Multiple emails show Clinton used account  hrod17@clintonemail.com  while serving in the Obama administration as secretary of state.Clinton s attorney, David Kendall, had previously told Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-S.C.) that that particular address had not  existed during Secretary Clinton s tenure as Secretary of State. Another statement from Clinton s office said she only used one address during her time as secretary of state. Secretary Clinton used one email account during her tenure at State (with the exception of her first weeks in office while transitioning from an email account she had previously used),  it said.  In March 2013, Gawker published the email address she used while Secretary, and so she had to change the address on her account. Clinton served as secretary of state from Jan. 2009 to Feb. 2013. The emails she sent with the  hrod17@clintonemail.com  were sent in 2011 and 2012, according to the documents released by the Times:According To Emails Released By The New York Times, Hillary Clinton Used The Account hrod17@clintonemail.com While Secretary Of State. ( Selected Libya-Related Messages From Hillary Clinton s Personal Email Account,  The New York Times , 5/18/15)NOTE: On April 8, 2011, Clinton Messaged Jake Sullivan Using The Account   hrod17@clintonemail.com.   ( Selected Libya-Related Messages From Hillary Clinton s Personal Email Account,  The New York Times , 5/18/15) NOTE: On January 5, 2012, Clinton Messaged Jake Sullivan Using The Account   hrod17@clintonemail.com.   ( Selected Libya-Related Messages From Hillary Clinton s Personal Email Account,  The New York Times , 5/18/15) NOTE: On August 28, 2012, Clinton Messaged Jake Sullivan Using The Account   hrod17@clintonemail.com.   ( Selected Libya-Related Messages From Hillary Clinton s Personal Email Account,  The New York Times , 5/18/15) NOTE: Hillary Clinton Served As Secretary Of State From January 21, 2009 To February 1, 2013. (U.S. Department Of State Website, Accessed 5/18/15)A representative for Clinton s office did not immediately respond to a request for comment from TheBlaze.Republican National Chairman Reince Priebus tweeted Monday evening that the news proved Clinton  misled public about the use of only one secret email address. Earlier this year, it was reported Clinton may have violated federal rules by exclusively using a personal email address to conduct all official government business while serving as secretary of state.",0
15671,OBAMA’S ORGANIZED RACE WAR EXPOSED AS PROTESTORS REVEAL PROOF OF PAYMENT," My success in the financial markets has given me a greater degree of independence than most other people,  Soros once wrote.  This allows me to take a stand on controversial issues: In fact, it obliges me to do so because others cannot.  -George SorosMORE and OBS, two groups funded by George Soros, advertised money available for people willing to travel to protest (@organizemo is the twitter account of MORE): Listen to radical socialist George Soros talk about his innocuous <sarcasm> and oh so  transparent  little organization here:George Soros gives billions to left-wing causes: Soros started the Open Society Institute in 1993 as a way to spread his wealth to progressive causes. Using Open Society as a conduit, Soros has given more than $7 billion to a who s who of left-wing groups. This partial list of recipients of Soros  money says it all:ACORN, Apollo Alliance, National Council of La Raza, Tides Foundation, Huffington Post, Southern Poverty Law Center, Soujourners, People for the American Way, Planned Parenthood, and the National Organization for Women.George Soros wants to curtail American sovereignty: Soros would like nothing better than for America to become subservient to international bodies. He wants more power for groups such as the World Bank and International Monetary Fund, even while saying the U.S. role in the IMF should be  downsized.  In 1998, he wrote:  Insofar as there are collective interests that transcend state boundaries, the sovereignty of states must be subordinated to international law and international institutions. After protesters protested not getting their checks from MORE on May 14th, MORE allegedly distributed the following list as to who was paid to protest in Ferguson and elsewhere, to show where the money had been going.Obviously, as we ve mentioned before, this is far from a  grass roots spontaneous  protest.You can see money paid out to Lisa Fithian, $1,127.75 for  visit expenses .For those who do not know, Lisa Fithian is an infamous leftist organizer. She organized at Occupy, but has been used as a training organizer for many years before that. She spent time in Ferguson in 2014 training people to  simulate chaos. Is it possible that George Soros has a love affair with Lisa Fithian because of their common hatred for Israel?Also of note, you can see that some people are being paid to travel to other places to protest, you can see the travel to Selma, and to D.C., as well as money paid out for  vans , including to a union for providing the vans. Elizabeth Vega got $2000 for  activist trip to Baltimore .There is money paid for protester supplies and protester catering, as well as for video recording of the protests. Some things were not so defined such as $2000 to Taylor Payne for  support .$52,815 is paid to MORE. Money clearly was to go through them to the protesters, according to the protesters during their #Cuthtechecks protest.There are big payouts to Jeff Ordower. Jeff Ordower is a bit like a male Lisa Fithian, he was an organizer for the SEIU and ACORN. He founded MORE and his stated goal is  welcoming co-conspirators in attempts to scale up numbers of radical organizers who can financially support themselves in the work . He is the white man protesters are complaining to in this clip, when they protested not getting paid. He would appear to be disburser of the checks.WCC hot seat pic.twitter.com/Uo65IC2Uuz  Search4Swag (@search4swag) May 14, 2015Brittany Ferrell and Ashley Yates receive thousands on behalf of MAU, Millenial Activists United, one of the protester groups. Ferrell, tries to justify her position in this Facebook post where she blames Ordower for screwing everything up. Via: Weasel Zippers",0
15672,UPDATE: JUDGE REJECTS STATE DEPARTMENT PUSH FOR JANUARY 2016 RELEASE OF CLINTON E-MAILS," A federal judge REJECTED the State Department s request of a JANUARY 2016 (right before the IOWA primary) release of Hillary Clinton s e-mails in one big batch.  U.S. District Court Judge Rudolph Contreras (Obama appointee) announced Tuesday his plans to order a  rolling production  of the emails just hours after the State Department proposed that it not be required to make the records public until January 2016, a lawyer involved said.ORIGINAL POST:In response to a Freedom of Information Act lawsuit filed this year, the State Department said that reviewing 55,000 pages of exchanges from Mrs. Clinton s private email account would be labor-intensive and time-consuming.Noting the considerable public interest in the emails, the department  is endeavoring to complete the review and production of them as expeditiously as possible,  said John F. Hackett, acting director of the Office of Information Programs and Services at the State Department.  The collection is, however, voluminous and, due to the breadth of topics, the nature of the communications, and the interests of several agencies, presents several challenges. The State Department is proposing a date of Jan. 15, 2016, for releasing the emails.The department is dividing the material into small batches, with plans to review about 1,000 emails a week. In addition to the State Department s Freedom of Information Act office, subject-matter experts within the department will review the emails before their release, as will other government agencies when relevant, including the Defense Department, the Central Intelligence Agency and the National Security Council. Currently, this project is staffed full time by a project manager and two case analysts, as well as nine FOIA reviewers who devote the entirety of their time at the State Department to this effort, plus other analysts and information technology specialists who provide collateral assistance to this review in addition to their regular duties,  the filing stated.  The team managing this project has met daily since early April to implement and oversee this large undertaking. Read more: PoliticoRead more: NYT",0
15673,MUST WATCH VIDEO: HILLARY SUPPORTERS ACTUALLY DON’T SUPPORT HILLARY, ,0
15674,MUST WATCH VIDEO: BUSH EERILY WARNS US ABOUT ISIS, ,0
15675,“DIFFICULT” CHELSEA CLINTON CAUSES HIGH TURNOVER AT CLINTON FOUNDATION,"Like mother like daughter? Chelsea is  very difficult  according to insiders. We know from former Clintonites that Hillary can cuss like a sailor and really hammer people so perhaps this is a case of  YOU ARE WHAT YOU KNOW CHELSEA KNOWS BEING DIFFICULT TO WORK WITH Chelsea Clinton is so unpleasant to colleagues, she s causing high turnover at the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation, sources say. Several top staffers have left the foundation since Chelsea came onBoard as vice chairman in 2011. A lot of people left because she was there. A lot of people left because she didn t want them there,  an insider told me.  She is very difficult. Onetime CEO Bruce Lindsey was pushed upstairs to the position of chairman of the board two years ago, so that Chelsea could bring in her McKinsey colleague Eric Braverman. He [Braverman] was her boy, but he tried to hire his own communications professional and actually tried to run the place. He didn t understand that that wasn t what he was supposed to be doing,  said my source.  He was pushed out. Matt McKenna was Chelsea s spokesman, and then he wasn t. Now he works for Uber. Ginny Ehrlich, the founding CEO of the Clinton Health Matters Initiative, now works for the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation.Via: NY Post",0
15676,BENGHAZI BOMBSHELL: “SECRET” DOCS TARGET WHAT AND WHEN OBAMA KNEW ABOUT PLANNED BENGHAZI ATTACK,"Bravo for Judicial Watch! What would we do without them-they have pushed for the truth on so many things about Benghazi but other things that have happened during the lawless Obama years. Thanks to Judicial Watch for finally getting to the bottom of this!Judicial Watch Docs Reveal Obama Admin KNEW Al Qaeda Terrorists Planned Benghazi 10 Days In Advance (Washington, DC)   Judicial Watch announced today that it obtained more than 100 pages of previously classified  Secret  documents from the Department of Defense (DOD)and the Department of State revealing that DOD almost immediately reported that the attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi was committed by the al Qaeda and Muslim Brotherhood-linked  Brigades of the Captive Omar Abdul Rahman  (BCOAR), and had been planned at least 10 days in advance. Rahman is known as the Blind Sheikh, and is serving life in prison for his involvement in the 1993 World Trade Center bombing and other terrorist acts. The new documents also provide the first official confirmation that shows the U.S. government was aware of arms shipments from Benghazi to Syria. The documents also include an August 2012 analysis warning of the rise of ISIS and the predicted failure of the Obama policy of regime change in Syria.The documents were released in response to a court order in accordance with a May 15, 2014, Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit filed against both the DOD and State Department seeking communications between the two agencies and congressional leaders  on matters related to the activities of any agency or department of the U.S. government at the Special Mission Compound and/or classified annex in Benghazi. Spelling and punctuation is duplicated in this release without corrections.A Defense Department document from the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA), dated September 12, 2012, the day after the Benghazi attack, details that the attack on the compound had been carefully planned by the BOCAR terrorist group  to kill as many Americans as possible.  The document was sent to then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, then-Defense Secretary Leon Panetta, the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Obama White House National Security Council. The heavily redacted Defense Department  information report  says that the attack on the Benghazi facility  was planned and executed by The Brigades of the Captive Omar Abdul Rahman (BCOAR).  The group subscribes to  AQ ideologies: Read more: Judicial Watch",0
15677,A BRUTALLY HONEST MESSAGE TO BLACK AMERICAN MEN FROM A CONSERVATIVE BLACK AMERICAN,"****STRONG LANGUAGE Warning****You have lit a fuse, and it s burning and when it explodes negro, you re nowhere near prepared to deal with it, with that destruction ",0
15678,"THIS STATE WILL INCLUDE TRANSGENDER CURRICULUM IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS: ‘You can be both genders, you can be no gender, you can be a gender that you make up for yourself’","Because there s nothing more compassionate than convincing young boys and girls that the gender that God assigned to them at birth means absolutely nothing. In fact, with a few government funded surgeries, they can try out any sex they think they might identify with You will want to contact the School Board if you live in Fairfax County, VA and let them know how you feel about using your tax dollars for the radical indoctrination of your children.One of the nation s largest public school systems is preparing to include gender identity to its classroom curriculum, including lessons on sexual fluidity and spectrum   the idea that there s no such thing as 100 percent boys or 100 percent girls.Fairfax County Public Schools released a report recommending changes to their family life curriculum for grades 7 through 12. The changes, which critics call radical gender ideology, will be formally introduced next week. The larger picture is this is really an attack on nature itself   the created order,  said Peter Sprigg of the Family Research Council. Human beings are created male and female. But the current transgender ideology goes way beyond that. They re telling us you can be both genders, you can be no gender, you can be a gender that you make up for yourself. And we re supposed to affirm all of it. The plan calls for teaching seventh graders about transgenderism and tenth graders about the concept that sexuality is a broader spectrum   but it sure smells like unadulterated sex indoctrination.Get a load of what the kids are going to be learning in middle school: Students will be provided definitions for sexual orientation terms heterosexuality, homosexuality and bisexuality; and the gender identity term transgender,  the district s recommendations state.  Emphasis will be placed on recognizing that everyone is experiencing changes and the role of respectful, inclusive language in promoting an environment free of bias and discrimination. Eighth graders will be taught that individual identity  occurs over a lifetime and includes the component of sexual orientation and gender identity. Individual identity will also be described as having four parts   biological gender, gender identity (includes transgender), gender role, and sexual orientation (includes heterosexual, bisexual, and homosexual). The district will also introduce young teenagers to the  concept that sexuality is a broader spectrum.  By tenth grade, they will be taught that one s sexuality  develops throughout a lifetime. Emphasis will be placed on an understanding that there is a broader, boundless, and fluid spectrum of sexuality that is developed throughout a lifetime,  the document states.  Sexual orientation and gender identity terms will be discussed with focus on appreciation for individual differences. As you might imagine   parents are freaking out. Parents need to protect their kids from this assault,  said Andrea Lafferty, president of Traditional Values Coalition.  Who could imagine that we are in this place today   but we are. Last week, the school board voted to include gender identity in the district s nondiscrimination policy   a decision that was strongly opposed by parents.Lafferty, who led the opposition to the nondiscrimination policy, warned that the district is moving towards the deconstruction of gender. At the end of this is the deconstruction of gender   absolutely,  she told me.  The majority of people pushing (this) are not saying that   but that clearly is the motivation. School Board spokesman John Torre told the Washington Times the proposed curriculum changes have nothing to do with last week s vote to allow boys who identity as girls to use the bathrooms and locker rooms of their choice.He would have us believe it was purely coincidental.To make matters worse, Lafferty contends parents will not be able to opt their children out of the classes because the lessons will be a part of the mandatory health curriculum.However, Torre told me that parents will indeed be able to opt out of those classes  including the sexual orientation and gender identity lessons. They are not being forthright with the information,  Lafferty said.  They are not telling people the truth. They are bullying parents. They are intimidating and they are threatening. I must confess that I m a bit old school on sex education. I believe that God created male and female. My reading of the Bible does not indicate there were dozens of other options.However, I m always open to learning new things   so I asked the school district to provide me with the textbooks and scientific data they will be using to instruct the children that there are dozens and dozens of possible genders.Here s the reply I received from Torre: Lessons have not been developed for the proposed lesson objectives,  he stated.  Because of the need to develop lessons, the proposed objectives would not be implemented until fall 2016. In other words   they don t have a clue.And the Family Research Council s Sprigg said there s a pretty good reason why they can t produce a textbook about fluidity. It s an ideological concept,  he told me.  It s not a scientific one. He warned that Fairfax County s planned curriculum could be harmful to students. It s only going to create more confusion in the minds of young people who don t need any further confusion about sexual identity,  he said.The board will introduce the changes on May 21. Lafferty said she hopes parents will turn out in force to voice their objections.Via: FOX News",0
15679,NYC MAYOR DEBLASIO SAYS ‘Something is changing in America” ANNOUNCES NEW “Communist Manifesto” AGENDA,"Why would anyone expect anything else from a mayor who criticized Barack Obama for being  too conservative  and  too afraid to take the bold kind of action that President Roosevelt took  during the Great Depression MISS ME YET?Last week, New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio unveiled a 13-point national  Progressive Agenda  that is being touted as the liberal  Contract with America. The aim is for the  Progressive Agenda  to become the basis for the Democratic Party s main economic policies, including those of its 2016 presidential candidate.De Blasio has compared his plan to the  Contract with America,  a document released by the Republican Party during the 1994 congressional election and drawn up by future House Speaker Newt Gingrich to serve as the GOP policy agenda.Now WND documents that most of the 13 points in de Blasio s  Progressive Agenda  can also be found in the manifestos and literature of the Communist Party USA and the Socialist Party USA.The full progressive plan, entitled,  The Progressive Agenda to Combat Income Inequality,  can be found on the agenda s new website.Here is a comparison of the Agenda s plan with literature from the manifestos and writings of the Community Party USA, or CPUSA, and the Socialist Party USA, or SPUSA.  Progressive Agenda:  Raise the federal minimum wage, so that it reaches $15/hour, while indexing it to inflation. SPUSA:  We call for a minimum wage of $15 per hour, indexed to the cost of living. CPUSA: Calls for  struggles for peace, equality for the racially and nationally oppressed, equality for women job creation programs, increased minimum wage.   Even with ultra-right control of the Federal government, peoples legislative victories, such as increasing the minimum wage, can be won on an issue-by-issue basis locally, statewide, and even nationally.  Progressive Agenda:  Pass comprehensive immigration reform to grow the economy and protect against exploitation of low-wage workers. SPUSA:  We defend the rights of all immigrants to education, health care, and full civil and legal rights and call for an unconditional amnesty program for all undocumented people. We oppose the imposition of any fees on those receiving amnesty. We call for full citizenship rights upon demonstrating residency for six months. CPUSA: Declares the  struggle for immigrant rights is a key component of the struggle for working class unity in our country today.  Progressive Agenda:  Make Pre-K, after-school programs and childcare universal. SPUSA:  We support public child care starting from infancy, and public education starting at age three, with caregivers and teachers of young children receiving training, wages, and benefits comparable to that of teachers at every other level of the educational system.  Progressive Agenda:  Earned Income Tax Credit.   Implement the  Buffett Rule  so millionaires pay their fair share. SPUSA:  We call for a steeply graduated income tax and a steeply graduated estate tax.  CPUSA:  No taxes for workers and low and middle income people; progressive taxation of the wealthy and private corporations.  Dems hail  beginning of revolution De Blasio criticized Obama as  too conservative  to assert a progressive economic vision and  too afraid to take the bold kind of action that President Roosevelt took  during the Great Depression, reported the liberal news network.Speaking at the  Progressive Agenda  launch event outside the Capitol building last Tuesday, de Blasio said  something is changing in America. It s time to take that energy and crystallize it into an agenda that will make a difference,  he said.  We ll be calling on leaders and candidates to address these issues, to stiffen their backbones, to be clear and to champion these progressive policies. Read more at WND ",0
15680,WATCH JUDGE ORDER PUNK WEARING “POLICE LIE” T-SHIRT TO LEAVE COURTROOM…Or Face Contempt Charges,"The hate for our law enforcement is at an all time high. The blame for the injuries suffered and murders of innocent law enforcement officers falls squarely on the shoulders of Eric Holder, Eric Sharpton and Barack Hussein Obama ",0
15681,IF YOU CROSS OUR BORDERS ILLEGALLY….YOU CAN NOW LAND A JOB TEACHING IN THIS STATE," We re going to have people who are bilingual teachers, and ultimately people who just want to do the right thing for the United States.  So in other words, soon it won t matter if these illegal alien teachers are able to speak english as long as they want to  do the right thing? Gov. Brian Sandoval signed a bill Wednesday that would make it easier for immigrants with temporary legal status to get a Nevada teaching license, saying it would help meet the needs of a  new Nevada. Among the people who flanked the Republican governor as he signed AB27 was Uriel Garcia, a 22-year-old Nevada State College student and recipient of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program who was previously denied a license. He said he plans to re-apply as soon as possible to get started on his student teaching and move toward his goal of teaching 2nd grade English language learners. I want to give back to the community that gave me so much,  Garcia said.The old law allowed the state superintendent to give a teaching license to someone who is not a citizen but has a work permit only if there s a teacher shortage for a subject the person can teach. The new law, which passed the Senate and Assembly unanimously, allows those immigrants to get a teaching license if a district has a teacher shortage of any kind.The measure affects immigrants in the deferred action program, also known as DACA recipients or DREAMers. State Superintendent Dale Erquiaga said it s not clear how many new teachers the change will yield, but said his office will track that number going forward.Proponents framed the bill as a way to deal with a major teacher shortage, as well as a way to diversify the teaching force in a state with a high population of English language learners. We re going to have people who are bilingual teachers, and ultimately people who just want to do the right thing for the United States,  Garcia said.Sylvia Lazos, vice chair of the Latino Leadership Council, said the bill better reflects a changing Nevada. These laws that prohibit non-citizens from getting licensed come from another era, another time, when many states were hostile to Germans, Catholics, Irish,  Lazos said.  Modern Nevada is not protectionist, not anti-immigrant, not anti-foreigner. It s a wonderful day for Nevada to affirm that. Via: Chron",0
15682,(VIDEO) FORMER DEFENSE SECRETARY EXPRESSES CONCERN OVER HILLARY E-MAILS AND FOREIGN DONATIONS, ,0
15683,GET OUT OF JAIL FREE: How Obama’s Race War Is Quietly Being Funded By Jay Z,"Keep buying Jay Z and Beyonce s music and keep telling us you like their music and see no connection between buying their music and using it to fund Obama s race war Rap mogul Jay Z has quietly used his wealth to post bail for people arrested in protests across the United States against police, an author close to him said Sunday.Dream Hampton, a writer and activist who worked with Jay Z on his 2010 memoir  Decoded,  made the revelations in a series of messages on Twitter that were deleted but were posted by the hip-hop magazine Complex. When we needed money for bail for Baltimore protesters, I  hit Jay up, as I had for Ferguson (and he) wired tens of thousands  of dollars within minutes, read one tweet.She also tweeted that Jay Z and his pop superstar wife Beyonce wrote a  huge check  to support the burgeoning  Black Lives Matter  movement aimed at stopping police brutality.Protests spread last year after a white police officer shot dead African American teenager Michael Brown in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson.Major demonstrations, some turning violent, erupted last month in Baltimore after another African American man, Freddie Gray, died from a spinal injury sustained in police custody. The tweets appeared aimed at defending Jay Z and Beyonce, who have faced accusations from some activists that they have only paid lip service to the cause without tapping into the couple s estimated $1 billion net worth.Hampton later wrote that she deleted the tweets because Jay Z  would be pi-issed to see I was offering evidence  that he is taking action.Jay Z on Saturday performed in New York as an exclusive for Tidal, the music streaming service he has launched with fellow stars.In a freestyle segment, Jay Z paid homage to Brown and Gray   and belittled Tidal s rivals Spotify and Apple.Jay Z and Beyonce met with Brown and Gray s families last week at a peace concert in Baltimore by Prince, leaving without making public appearances.The power couple are also strong supporters of President Barack Obama, throwing a multimillion-dollar fundraiser for him during his 2012 campaign.Via: Yahoo News",0
15684,"NOT GRASSROOTS: #Ferguson Protestors PAID Over $5K To Attack Police, Instigate Violence And Disrupt","The Ferguson #BlackLivesMatter protesters are spilling the beans on the so-called  grassroots  movement.Earlier this week black protesters staged a protest at at the office of MORE (Missourians Organizing for Reform and Empowerment) on Thursday to press their claim that groups led by whites have collected tens of thousands of dollars in donations off of the Black Lives Matter movement without paying the Black participants their fair share.Much more on that sit-in protest at MORE here.The black protesters threatened to  f*ck up  the white protest organizers.Now this  It s widely known thatFerguson activists were flown to New York City, Wisconsin, and even the West Bank to spread racial hatred.Now we know why they re so committed to the cause.They are being paid   quite a bit   to disrupt and initiate violence across the country.The protesters are talking online about how much they were getting paid to protest against the police and stir up racial hate in Ferguson and other communities since August.** Protesters were making MORE THAN $5,000 a month to disrupt cities and attack police!Listening to @search4swag live now on @JoePrich  they pointing out that @deray is getting paid by Soros  Independent CaT (@RealOrangeCat) May 16, 2015The far left billionaire George Soros pumped at least $33 million into the violent Ferguson protest movement, according The Washington Times.Many of the  grassroots  leaders were paid handsomely.And the protesters are wising up to Deray   who has been out every night tweeting and stirring up the race hate n numerous cities for several months. Black Lives Matter and Get Paid  Another group Resource Generation, a racist Socialist group, paid a million to the protesters.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15685,"MSNBC Tweets Terrifying Video Of Cop Being Dragged By Thug’s Car, Jokingly Asks If It Counts As A Police Chase?","MSNBC  the cable  news  station who hired tax cheat, FBI snitch and paid race baiter, Al Sharpton as a mouthpiece to spew hate for the sniveling leftists who run the pathetic low ratings network After being called out by The Gateway Pundit, MSNBC took down a video mocking a police officer being dragged from a car by a suspect fleeing the officer.MSNBC deleted their report but not before The Gateway Pundit saved a screengrab of it The video, which was posted Friday night, was removed Saturday afternoon from MSNBC s Facebook and Twitter accounts within an hour of publication of The Gateway Pundit report.The video was titled,  Does it count as a police chase if you take the cop along for the ride? MSNBC subsequently posted an apology to Twitter, but the statement did not state what precisely was being apologized for, nor was there an apology to the law enforcement community.A video tweeted from @msnbc Friday evening has been removed. The material was inappropriate. It should not have been posted and we're sorry.  MSNBC (@MSNBC) May 16, 2015 A video tweeted from @msnbc Friday evening has been removed. The material was inappropriate. It should not have been posted and we re sorry. The takedown of the videos and apology by MSNBC came within one hour and twenty minutes of the 2:57 p.m. CDT posting of the article at TGP.The MSNBC video was posted in conjunction with NowThisNews and was also deleted from the Twitter account of NowThisNews Saturday after The Gateway Pundit report.Commenters at the Facebook page slammed MSNBC:Erick Delumeau:  MSNBC you have shown your true colors again. Irresponsible reporting. A family member just had this happen to his partner and his partner suffered a head injury. So everyone who allowed this to air with circus music, deserves to be fired. Walter Daniel Bosak:  You re network is disgusting. This officer could have been killed all because this individual thinks it s ok to resist a lawful investigation partly because networks like yours have advocated violence against police. Tiffany Eve:  You should be ashamed of yourselves MSNBC!!! These men and women in uniform serve and protect us all, and this is how you treat them? An apology to all law enforcement officers and their families should be in order. Kyle Bodenhorn:  Way to go MSNBC. You once again proved why cops around the world have a great disdain for media. This officer is lucky to be alive and you made jokes about his being dragged. Surely you feel that adding fuel to the fire of the hatred for police is a better news story than the thousands of police who have spent the week in D.C. honoring slain police as it is Police memorial week. Estela Ramirez:  Msnbc how is this comical with this head line and music like this is a joke. The cop could have or was probably injured because of this. If it was a black man being dragged by a cop this head line would be different. This is tasteless and just shows how the media works to its own benefits. Via: Gateway PUndit",0
15686,HILLARY 2016 FAN JAMES TAYLOR: “Every day that Barack Obama and Michelle Obama are in the White House is a day that I am thankful for”,"Time to exhale James Barack Obama supporter James Taylor doesn t just think the U.S. president is great   he believes Obama is the greatest of all-time. I ve been watching politics since (Dwight) Eisenhower and Adlai Stevenson, when dinosaurs roamed the Earth, and Obama is my favorite, favorite president,  Taylor said in an interview Wednesday.  I am just thankful for every day that he s in office. I am so proud that he represents my country and I think he represents me   I think he represents the America that I know. Taylor, 67, is a recipient of the National Medal of Arts. The pop icon performed  America the Beautiful  at Obama s second inauguration in 2013. I had a really tough time during the Cheney-Bush years, I did, and I had a hard time accepting that that administration represented me because I don t think they did,  Taylor said.The Rock and Roll Hall of Famer also called Obama s family  precious  and said he appreciates the U.S. leader because he s  sane  and  balanced. He promised to give us a health care system, it s a work in progress, but he has put us on a road to that,  Taylor said.  I m so grateful for what he s done for gay rights and for the emancipation of gay people. Particularly from my point of view, I think that was so overdue and so important, and so important for America to be ahead of the curve on this. Taylor criticized Congress in Obama s defense. I ve never seen a Congress that has been so obstructive and so contrary and so committed to doing anything that will foul up this administration. I just think it s an absolute scandal that he has had so little cooperation,  he said.  So anyway, you hit a nerve and I ll go on forever. But I ll just say it a third time: Every day that Barack Obama and Michelle Obama are in the White House is a day that I am thankful for. Obama isn t the only politician Taylor is supporting: The singer said he s on the Hillary Rodham Clinton train, too. And aside from the fact that she s a woman running, she s the right person.   The whole point   black or white, male or female, gay or straight, Christian, Jewish, Muslim, atheist   it doesn t matter what these other connections are,  he said.  Our country needs to come together and the question is,  Is this public servant someone who will bring us together?  And I think she is. Taylor will release a new album,  Before This World,  on June 16, and will perform a concert for SiriusXM at The Apollo in New York City on the same day. He will also launch a U.S. tour in July.Via: AP News",0
15687,(VIDEO) LIBS EAT THEIR OWN: “HILLARY’S BEEN LIVING IN A BUBBLE FOR 33 YEARS”,Too funny! Chuck Todd states the obvious but it s huge that he s even saying it out loud.ANDREA MITCHELL AND LIB PUNDITS: HILLARY HASN T MINGLED WITH AVERAGE PEOPLE ,0
15688,"ISIS SUPPORTER RESPONDS TO KILLING OF TOP ISIS OPERATIVE: “If they took Abu Sayyaf, we will take Obama”","A  JV team  threat Shaken by a daring U.S. military strike deep in ISIS territory, supporters of the extremist organization were vowing revenge for the killing of senior leader Abu Sayyaf or claiming the special operations mission never took place, a Vocativ analysis reveals. If they took Abu Sayyaf, we will take Obama,  one ISIS supporter posted in the hours after the raid near the eastern Syrian city of al-Amr.Translation: If your goal is killing Abu Sayyaf then our goal is killing Obama and the worshipers of the cross. We have attacks coming against you.Elite American commandos carried out the rare, overnight military operation, killing Sayyaf, capturing his wife, and freeing a Yezidi woman believed to have been held as their slave, the Pentagon said Saturday. Defense Secretary Ash Carter heralded the mission as a  significant blow  to the Islamic State.Vocativ analyzed social media across Syria in the wake of the strike and discovered some ISIS supporters claimed the news was U.S. propaganda timed to counter ISIS momentum after taking most of the Iraqi city of Ramadi this week. Others tweeted from outside the Syrian city of Raqqa vowing revenge for the strike, saying they heard explosions and helicopters.Carter said Sayyaf was responsible for directing many of the group s military activities and funding, directing its  illicit oil, gas, and financial operation.  No U.S. forces were killed or injured during the operation, which represented  another significant blow  to the group, Carter said.  And it is a reminder that the United States will never waver in denying safe haven to terrorists who threaten our citizens, and those of our friends and allies,  he continued in the statement.The mission included the arrest of Sayyaf s wife, Umm Sayyaf, and the freeing of the Yezidi woman. The trading of Yezidi women has been a major inducement and reward for ISIS fighters in the past. The Yezidis follow a strand of Islam that is rejected by mainstream Muslims as heretical. ISIS last year surrounded the Yezidis  villages in northern Iraq, killing and capturing dozens, and taking many of the girls and women as slaves. U.S. forces captured Umm Sayyaf, who we suspect is a member of ISIS, played an important role in ISIS s terrorist activities, and may have been complicit in what appears to have been the enslavement of a young Yezidi woman rescued last night,  Carter said. The White House said in a statement that Umm Sayyaf had been moved to a U.S. military detention facility in Iraq. The Yezidi woman would be freed.  We intend to reunite her with her family as soon as feasible,  Bernadette Meehan, the National Security Council spokeswoman, said in a statement.The operation was coordinated with Iraqi officials, but  the U.S. government did not coordinate with the Syrian regime, nor did we advise them in advance of this operation,  Ms. Meehan said.According to reports, a team of the Army s Delta Force troops traveled in Black Hawk helicopters and Osprey aircraft into al-Amr in eastern Syria. The Washington Post quoted an unnamed defense official who said a firefight broke out after the troops touched down near a building where Abu Sayyaf was believed to be, and that ISIS fighters tried to use women and children as human shields. It was a real fight,  the official told the Post, saying there was hand-to-hand fighting and  about a dozen militants were killed.  He told the Post that troops collected items that might prove useful intelligence.Via: Vocativ.com",0
15689,RECKLESS DEM MAYOR BLAMES AMTRAK ENGINEER FOR CRASH…UPDATE: New Evidence Shows Train May Have Been Hit By Projectile,"Perhaps Democrat Mayor Michael Nutter is taking a cue from the reckless DA in Baltimore in presuming guilt of the engineer without the benefit of an investigation. The Mayor basically accused the engineer of criminal negligence without even knowing all of the details of the crash. From Democrat Mayor Michael Nutter:  Clearly it was reckless in terms of the driving by the engineer. There s no way in the world that he should have been going that fast into the curve. Clearly he was reckless and irresponsible in his actions. There s really no excuse that can be offered. Listen to the Mayor s unjustified, irresponsible inflammatory remarks here:https://youtu.be/CBZxmmdp2Kg The Amtrak train that derailed Tuesday, killing eight people and injuring more than 200, may have been struck by an object before it careened off the tracks, an assistant conductor on the train told investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board.At a news conference on Friday, Robert L. Sumwalt, the safety board official who is leading the investigation, said an assistant conductor had reported that she believed she heard a radio transmission in which an engineer on a regional line said his train had been struck by a projectile and the engineer on the Amtrak train replied that his had been struck, too.Mr. Sumwalt said that investigators had found a fist-size circular area of impact on the left side of the Amtrak train s windshield and that they had asked the Federal Bureau of Investigation to analyze it. He said that the F.B.I. had been called in because it has the forensics expertise needed for the investigation, but that it had not yet begun its analysis.He said that investigators had also interviewed the engineer and found him  extremely cooperative,  and that the engineer had said he was not fatigued or ill at the time of the accident. But he could not remember anything about the derailment.Investigators asked the engineer, Brandon Bostian, whether he recalled any projectiles, and he said he did not. He was specifically asked that question, and he did not recall anything of that sort,  Mr. Sumwalt said.  But then again, he reported that he does not have any recollection of anything past North Philadelphia. The assistant conductor, however, who was working in the cafe car, heard Mr. Bostian talking to an engineer on the Septa regional rail line who said his train had been  hit by a rock or shot at,  according to Mr. Sumwalt. She said she thought she heard Mr. Bostian reply that his train had also been struck. Right after she recalled hearing this conversation between her engineer and the Septa engineer, she said she felt a rumbling, and her train leaned over and her car went over on its side,  Mr. Sumwalt said.Jerri Williams, a spokeswoman at Septa, confirmed that the windshield of one of its trains had been shattered by a projectile near the North Philadelphia station about 9:10 p.m. on Tuesday, about 12 minutes before the Amtrak train derailed. We have reports of trains  being struck by objects in this area about two to three times a month,  Ms. Williams said. Mostly, she said, the objects are thrown by children and do no damage.The safety board has asked to interview the engineer of the Septa train that was hit by the projectile, and Septa is cooperating, Ms. Williams said.For days, speculation about the cause of the accident has centered on Mr. Bostian. Investigators reported earlier this week that the train accelerated suddenly a minute before the derailment and that Mr. Bostian applied the emergency brake seconds before the cars careened off the tracks, striking nearby utility poles.On Friday, Mr. Sumwalt said that the engineer, accompanied by his lawyer, had been open with investigators and had demonstrated a  very good working knowledge  of the proper procedures and speeds for the rail line, but that he did not remember the accident. He recalls ringing the train bell as he went through North Philadelphia Station, as required,  Mr. Sumwalt said.  He has no recollection of anything past that. Investigators said that Mr. Bostian had been  extremely  cooperative during his interview and that he had  reported no problems with his train handling. Two other conductors were on the train that night. A senior conductor is hospitalized, according to the safety board, and has not been interviewed.A junior conductor was in the back of the train and reported that his radio was not working, so he was unable to hear the engineer, Mr. Sumwalt said. He told investigators he felt shaking, then two large impacts that dislodged seats.Both conductors said they had confidence in the engineer, calling him  very professional. Via: NYT",0
15690,"(VIDEO) AS RAMADI FALLS TO ISIS, YOU’LL NEVER GUESS WHAT THE WHITE HOUSE HAS TO SAY ABOUT IT","Huh? Do these people live in a bubble or what? It s almost like they re sticking their fingers in their ears singing La, La, La WTH!",0
15691,BREAKING: DEATH FOR WELFARE LEECH AND BOSTON JIHADIST… Jury Gives Muslim Terrorist First Class Ticket To Hell…,"No mercy for welfare leech and America hater, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev This is nothing to celebrate. This is justice,  said first-responder Michael Ward.  He wanted to go to hell and he s going to get there early. A jury s ruling today to sentence marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev to death is  justice  and a warning Boston  will not tolerate terrorism,  survivors and police said after the verdict. This is nothing to celebrate. This is justice,  said first-responder Michael Ward.  He wanted to go to hell and he s going to get there early. The verdict against Tsarnaev, who ll turn 22 in July, was announced by U.S. District Court Judge George A. O Toole Jr. s courtroom clerk Paul Lyness. Tsarnaev showed no emotion as the verdict was read.Marathon bombing survivor Adrianne Haslet-Davis, who lost a third of her left leg in the bombing, told the Herald she s  happy with the verdict. My heart goes out to everyone in the survivor community and to the victims  families,  she added.  It s still a lot to process right now. Only three of the 12 jurors bought into the defense argument that Tsarnaev was influenced by his older brother Tamerlan. The jurors unanimously agreed that Tsarnaev showed no remorse for the marathon attack and its aftermath that killed four young people, maimed 17 and injured hundreds.The jurors unanimously voted to put him to death for the week of terror. You re not going to blow up our marathon. You re not going to blow up our city,  said Boston police Commissioner William Evans.  We will not tolerate terrorism. Tsarnaev will be formally sentenced by O Toole this summer after survivors and loved ones of the victims have the opportunity to present impact statements.Tsarnaev will also be afforded the chance to speak. He chose not to take the stand in his own defense during the trial   a factor jurors were not allowed to consider or even discuss amongst themselves, per O Toole s orders.Tsarnaev is expected to remain incarcerated locally until after the sentencing, when he will be delivered to the USP Terre Haute prison in Indiana, where he will be the youngest person on federal death row.U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch said today in a statement that  Tsarnaev coldly and callously perpetrated a terrorist attack  in Boston. We know all too well that no verdict can heal the souls of those who lost loved ones, nor the minds and bodies of those who suffered life-changing injuries from this cowardly attack,  Lynch said.  But the ultimate penalty is a fitting punishment for this horrific crime and we hope that the completion of this prosecution will bring some measure of closure to the victims and their families. We thank the jurors for their service, the people of Boston for their vigilance, resilience and support and the law enforcement community in Boston and throughout the country for their important work. The seven women and five men, who reached their verdict after 14 hours of deliberations, convicted the former University of Massachusetts Dartmouth sophomore on April 8 of a 30-count indictment that included the April 15, 2013, bombing murders of marathon spectators Martin Richard, 8, of Dorchester, Lingzi Lu, 23, a Boston University graduate statistics student from China, and restaurant manager Krystle Marie Campbell, 29, a Medford native.Tsarnaev was also held responsible for the shooting death of MIT Police Officer Sean Collier, 27, three days after the marathon massacre, when the FBI went public with photos of Tsarnaev and his late older brother Tamerlan, 26, as their terror suspects.Via: Bostonherald.com",0
15692,LET THE REPARATIONS BEGIN: Rahm Emanuel Uses $5.5 Million Taxpayer Dollars To Gain Favor With Chicago’s Black Voters," We do this not because it s legally required, because it s not,  Patton said at a hearing on the agreement.  We do this because we believe it s the right thing to do, both for the victims and their families and for the city. This is historic,  said Mr. Coverson.  The only city in America that has given reparations and passed a reparations ordinance, and given an official apology for the violence that the police have done to citizens. The city of Chicago on Tuesday sought to put to rest one of its most persistent scandals, proposing a $5.5 million reparations fund for dozens of torture victims connected to former Chicago police Cmdr. Jon Burge and his so-called midnight crew of rogue detectives.The proposal, negotiated with a key plaintiff s attorney and supported by Mayor Rahm Emanuel, would offer free city college tuition for victims and their families, free counseling for psychological issues and substance abuse as well as other assistance to more than 50 potential victims. The city would also issue a formal apology, create a permanent memorial recognizing the victims and ensure that eighth- and 10th-grade students attending Chicago Public Schools would be taught about the Burge case and its brutal legacy, cementing the scandal s role in city history.But as much as the proposal seeks to end a painful, controversial era   Emanuel said it would  close this book, the Burge book on the city s history    it is unlikely to stanch the flow of torture claims from victims. A Loyola University Chicago law school dean appointed by a Cook County judge has identified some 20 additional cases in which inmates may have been Burge victims. Other inmates who have made torture claims continue to fight to overturn convictions and win their freedom. And one lawsuit over the torture is pending.Already, this stubborn scandal has cost taxpayers about $100 million in lawsuit settlements, judgments and other legal costs, according to lawyers. It brings it much closer to closure, especially from the city s point of view,  said Flint Taylor, an attorney who has been pursuing the torture issue for decades and was one of the lawyers who negotiated the reparations package.  But it s not done and over. But as much as the proposal seeks to end a painful, controversial era   Emanuel said it would  close this book, the Burge book on the city s history    it is unlikely to stanch the flow of torture claims from victims. A Loyola University Chicago law school dean appointed by a Cook County judge has identified some 20 additional cases in which inmates may have been Burge victims. Other inmates who have made torture claims continue to fight to overturn convictions and win their freedom. And one lawsuit over the torture is pending.Already, this stubborn scandal has cost taxpayers about $100 million in lawsuit settlements, judgments and other legal costs, according to lawyers. It brings it much closer to closure, especially from the city s point of view,  said Flint Taylor, an attorney who has been pursuing the torture issue for decades and was one of the lawyers who negotiated the reparations package.  But it s not done and over. Burge was convicted in federal court of lying about the torture and sentenced to 41/2 years in prison. He was released in October but confined to his home until February. He still collects a police pension.Burge did not return calls Tuesday to his home in Florida.But John  Jack  Byrne, Burge s former right-hand man, on Tuesday called the reparations deal a  scam perpetuated on taxpayers. Via: Chicago Tribune ",0
15693,(VIDEO) DID HE JUST SAY THAT?! OBAMA DOWNPLAYS HORRIFIC CHLORINE GAS ATTACKS, ,0
15694,AMTRAK FACTS AND WHY AMERICANS SHOULDN’T TRUST THE CALL FOR MORE INFRASTRUCTURE SPENDING,"The Democrats didn t waste any time pushing for more funding for Amtrak after the Philly crash but anyone with half a brain knows you shouldn t trust this push for more and bigger government funding. Here are some facts, yes, real facts to spread around to your liberal friends so they ll zip it on demonizing the Republicans with lies and distortions The Tuesday night Amtrak derailment in Philadelphia that left eight dead and hundreds injured occurred when a train hit a curve at twice the 50 mile per hour speed limit. So, naturally, this tragedy has devolved into a political rumpus over infrastructure spending.This reflexive demand for more public  investment  could benefit from a fact or two. House Republicans are supposedly to blame (retroactively?) for the crash because the Appropriations Committee passed a transportation funding measure Wednesday that hands Amtrak $289 million for operations and $850 million in capital grants or about $260 million less than its normal annual take.Never mind that Amtrak has pumped $2.6 billion into the 456-mile track called the northeast corridor over the last decade. The eight states along this route that connects Boston to Washington through New York and Philadelphia supplied another $2.4 billion, plus a one-time $1 billion fillip from the 2009 stimulus. Liberals have also discovered a signaling technology called positive train control (PTC) that might have slowed down the train, and they claim Amtrak delayed installation for lack of funding. But Amtrak s inspector general reported as far back as 2012 that the rollout was dogged by poor internal planning, budget overruns and unreliable engineering, adding that  Amtrak has not included total funding for PTC in its financial plan or congressional funding requests. The House bill tries to control costs and reform Amtrak mismanagement, such as its above-market union salaries and benefits (49% of 2014 expenses) and its wasteful food and beverage service. But this modest effort doesn t reach the core problem, which is the political misallocation of  investment. Since Richard Nixon nationalized passenger rail in 1971, Amtrak has been hostage to Congress and has run deficits every year. The feds own all the preferred stock and pretend to require Amtrak to operate as a for-profit corporation. In reality, it must behave as a public utility and social charity.In a 2014 audit, the Amtrak IG observed that management thought  so many legislatively mandated tasks and responsibilities had accumulated over time that it was unclear what to focus on. That view was evident in the company s 2011 strategic plan, which had five strategic themes, seven strategies, numerous initiatives and dozens of performance measures. This hyper-politicization has intensified under President Obama, for whom Euro-style high-speed rail is a special fixation. Ryan Lizza reported in the New Yorker that Mr. Obama  was aggravated when he was told that none of the money from the stimulus would be spent on a signature project, a modern-day Hoover Dam or Interstate Highway System.  So we are getting the $68 billion California bullet train that few will ever ride when it opens in 2028.Despite $3.2 billion in revenue in 2014, a good year, Amtrak required $227 million from taxpayers or 7% of its operating budget. After depreciation and other expenses, it reported a net loss of $1.1 billion. But this disguises the one route where passenger rail is economically rational: the northeast corridor. Amtrak earned $496.7 million on that discrete service in 2014 on strong ridership, up from $390.1 million the prior year. But most of this surplus is used to cross-subsidize unprofitable regional and long-distance service everywhere else.The transfer supports overstaffed, unpopular routes that serve 523 stations in 46 states like the Zephyr, from Chicago to Emeryville, California, or the Empire Builder, from Milwaukee to Seattle. Refusing to stop these lines makes little sense, except for politics. In 2012, the latest year for which data are available, the Transportation Department reports that Amtrak fares averaged 34 cents per mile, versus 15 cents for domestic flights and about a quarter for cars.There are 987 residents for every square mile along the northeast corridor and only 98 on average in the rest of the country. The population density, high traffic and business centers of the northeast are uniquely suited for rail. To the extent northeast rail could gain from capital investment, the cities along the line which produce one of five dollars of U.S. GDP are rich enough to finance their own transportation on the user-pays principle, especially as ticket sales rise.*** The political class refuses to use the word infrastructure unless preceded by  crumbling,  but the truth is that current funding is poorly targeted and Congress won t set priorities. Spinning off the northeast corridor from Amtrak, for example, to build a dedicated high-speed track that bypasses freight and commuter rail might be a viable idea.Instead,  infrastructure  money too often flows to bike paths, nature trails and trolley cars. Every dollar spent connecting Merced to Bakersfield by rail is one that can t be used to replace the Baltimore & Potomac tunnel in Maryland, built in 1873.What any of this has to do with the Philadelphia disaster, who knows. Taxpayers intuitively understand that government has long contributed to public goods, from canals to the Internet. But they would be more willing to finance urgent highway, rail, bridge and airport projects if they had any reason to believe the money would be well spent.Via: WSJ",0
15695,CONSEQUENCES OF OPEN BORDERS: 15 Heavily Armed Men Break Into Texas Border Home With 9 Yr Old Boy And Open Fire,"Barack Obama s reckless desire to open our borders to international criminals will likely result in the most serious security threat our nation will ever face. A group of 15 heavily-armed masked gunmen kicked down the door of a Texas border home and opened fire without warning, in a home invasion that injured a 9-year-old boy and his 33-year-old mother.The assault took place in the morning hours, in a rural home near the border city of Harlingen. The gunmen kicked the door down and began shooting at random as soon as they arrived on the scene, Cameron County Sheriff Omar Lucio said in an interview with Breitbart Texas.The spray of bullets injured the woman and her child, but the woman s husband and other children were not harmed in the shooting, Lucio said. He classified the woman s injuries as minor, but the child remains at a local hospital, where he is listed in stable condition. During the robbery the gunmen yelled out  policia policia  which as we all know is the Spanish word for police,  Lucio said.Preliminary information suggests the robbers attacked the wrong house, as they did not take anything from the property. Sheriff s investigators are still working to identify the gunmen, who are believed to have arrived in at least three vehicles.According to Lucio, the family inside the home is not believed to have any relation to criminal activity, and were simply random victims.As previously reported by Breitbart Texas, home invasions along the Texas border are a different breed of crime, since they often involve gunmen with ties to Mexican drug cartels storming houses to steal drug loads, or abduct human trafficking victims from a rival crew.Via: Breitbart News",0
15696,COUNTRY MUSIC STAR DELIVERS AWESOME MESSAGE TO YOUNG PEOPLE,"Country music star Blake Shelton apparently had a lot on his mind earlier this week, as he took to Twitter and delivered a rather awesome message to young people about learning to think for yourself and watching out for media bias.With the entertainment industry stuffed to the gills with brain dead liberal wackos, it s super refreshing to hear this message coming from someone with this kind of cultural clout.To all you young people out there. Make up your own minds about this country and the rest of the world. Listen, read, watch and decide.  Blake Shelton (@blakeshelton) May 11, 201And remember that Hollywood celebrities opinions or mine for that matter are no better than yours.. In fact I d rather hear yours.. #truth  Blake Shelton (@blakeshelton) May 11, 2015  Microphones only make a voice louder  Not powerful. Remember that. https://t.co/k4ild1HLfI  Blake Shelton (@blakeshelton) May 11, 2015  Oh and lastly.. When you watch the news channels, try to watch ALL of them. Every single one of them has an affiliation/agenda. Every one.  Blake Shelton (@blakeshelton) May 11, 2015  Ok sorry about the lecture  Now back to my regularly scheduled drinking.  Blake Shelton (@blakeshelton) May 11, 2015  Nice.Shelton is absolutely right.Too many young people today are ready and willing to have their minds made up for them on important issues by going with popular opinion or being swayed by what celebrities think on a certain topic.Celebrities may have really cool jobs, tons of money, and large platforms with which to spread a message, but that doesn t mean their opinion is more important than anyone else s, nor does it mean their views are right.Young folks today aren t taught to engage the world with critical thinking anymore. They re taught to go along with the progressive program, and whenever a student dare think outside the box, teachers and cultural figures are there to shame them back into their proper place.The media today is absolutely biased, and paying attention to what all the networks are doing is a good way to stay on top of differing sides of an issue, although some outlets are so far to the left it s enough to turn off even the most objective, political centristLet s hope Shelton s message hit home and inspires some in the younger generation to start thinking more for themselves rather than just going with the flow of popular opinion.Read more: IJReview",0
15697,MOOCH FOR PRESIDENT? Surprising New Poll Shows How Michelle Stacks Up Against Hillary In 2016 Presidential Bid,"If nothing else, Mooch makes Hillary seem like she s not such a bad candidate after all .If Michelle Obama decided to run for president in 2016 she would represent the most significant threat, among likely contenders, to Hillary Clinton s chances of winning the Democratic nomination, according to a new Rasmussen poll.A telephone survey of 1,000 likely voters conducted by the polling company found that, in a hypothetical match-up between the current First Lady and the former secretary of State, Clinton would best Obama 56 percent to 22 percent.That may seem like a significant margin, but according to the most recent RealClearPolitics polling average, Elizabeth Warren   Clinton s other biggest hypothetical challenger   nets just 12.5 percent to Clinton s 64 percent.Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), the only other declared Democratic candidate for President, is even further behind with 7.4 percent. Former Maryland Gov. Martin O Malley, who is expected to announce his bid on May 30, fares the worst against Clinton with 1.2 percent of support from likely voters.The first lady is highly unlikely to mount a presidential campaign, however. In fact, of the people surveyed by Rasmussen, just 14 percent thought she should run.Still, 40 percent of black voters welcomed the idea of her running, and she bests Clinton among those voters, with 44 percent support among African-Americans compared with 36 percent for Clinton.Obama herself recently joked about a possible October surprise, hinting to  Late Show  host David Letterman that the thought had crossed her mind.Via: The Hill",0
15698,(VIDEO)KRAUTHAMMER AND GUTFELD ON OBAMA’S OBSESSION WITH FOX NEWS AND CLASS WAR, ,0
15699,"BUSTED: The Oh So Objective ABC News Chief Anchor, George Stephanopoulous Made Huge Donation To Clinton Foundation","Just like Hillary Stephanopoulos claims it was an  honest mistake  not to disclose his donations to the corrupt Clinton slush fund ABC News chief anchor George Stephanopoulos has given $50,000 to the Clinton Foundation in recent years, charitable contributions that he did not publicly disclose while reporting on the Clintons or their non-profit organization, the On Media blog has learned.In both 2013 and 2014, Stephanopoulos made a $25,000 donation to the 501 nonprofit founded by former president Bill Clinton, the Foundation s records show. Stephanopoulos never disclosed this information to viewers, even when interviewing author Peter Schweizer last month about his book  Clinton Cash,  which alleges that donations to the Foundation may have influenced some of Hillary Clinton s actions as Secretary of State.In a statement to the On Media blog on Thursday, Stephanopoulos apologized and said that he should have disclosed the donations to ABC News and its viewers.Watch George discuss the problem with donations to the Clinton Foundation on the Daily Show with John Stewart, and how it might make people question if donations to the Foundation could be seen as  pernicious : I made charitable donations to the Foundation in support of the work they re doing on global AIDS prevention and deforestation, causes I care about deeply,  he said.  I thought that my contributions were a matter of public record. However, in hindsight, I should have taken the extra step of personally disclosing my donations to my employer and to the viewers on air during the recent news stories about the Foundation. I apologize. Stephanopoulos is the chief anchor and chief political correspondent for ABC News, as well as the co-anchor of ABC s  Good Morning America  and host of  This Week,  its Sunday morning public affairs program. Prior to joining ABC News, he served as communications director and senior advisor for policy and strategy to President Clinton. He also served as communications director on Bill Clinton s 1992 presidential campaign.In its own statement on Thursday, ABC News said it was standing behind its star anchor. As George has said, he made charitable donations to the Foundation to support a cause he cares about deeply and believed his contributions were a matter of public record,  the network s statement read.  He should have taken the extra step to notify us and our viewers during the recent news reports about the Foundation. He s admitted to an honest mistake and apologized for that omission. We stand behind him. ABC News later told the On Media blog that it would not take any punitive action against Stephanopoulos:  We accept his apology,  a spokesperson said.  It was an honest mistake. Sources with knowledge of Stephanopoulos  charitable giving said he gives to dozens of charities Stephanopoulosevery year and that the total sum of these annual contributions is in the millions of dollars. Those sources said that the Clinton Foundation contributions represent a very small percentage of the total.On the April 26 edition of  This Week,  Stephanopoulos interviewed Schweizer and challenged the author s assertions that Hillary Clinton may have committed a crime because there was a  troubling pattern  between donations to the Foundation and Clinton s actions as Secretary of State. We ve done investigative work here at ABC News, found no proof of any kind of direct action,  the host told Schweizer.  An independent government ethics expert, Bill Allison, of the Sunlight Foundation, wrote this. He said,  There s no smoking gun, no evidence that she changed the policy based on donations to the foundation.  No smoking gun. Later in the interview, Stephanopoulos said,  I still haven t heard any direct evidence and you just said you had no evidence that she intervened here.  He also noted that other news organizations that used Schweizer s research  haven t confirmed any evidence of any crime. Among the more notable revelations to come out of Schweizer s research is the relationship between the Clinton Foundation and Uranium One, a former Canadian mining company that was taken over by Russia in 2013 with U.S. government approval. Between 2009 to 2013, Uranium One s chairman donated $2.35 million to the Clinton Foundation.Hillary Clinton has said that there is  not an inherent conflict of interest  between the Foundation donations and her decisions at the State Department. Her campaign has consistently dismissed the accusations as partisan attacks.Via: Politico",0
15700,MEGYN KELLY RIPS INTO OBAMA ON HIS SWIPE OF FOX NEWS: “BENEATH THE DIGNITY OF THE OFFICE”, ,0
15701,RESPECT: HOLLYWOOD ACTOR VOLUNTEERS TO FIGHT ISIS IN SYRIA,"Not every Hollywood actor is a liberal nut job with no understanding of the real world the rest of us are living in some of them, like actor Michael Enright are actually heros Michael Enright is one of the several hundred Westerners who have traveled to Iraq and Syria to join Kurdish combat units and fight the Islamic State.He s an unusual volunteer in several respects: he s 51 years old, the first time he handled a gun was at a shooting range right before he left for Syria, and he is almost certainly the only YPG fighter who has appeared in movies with Tom Cruise and Johnny Depp. Enright was in good spirits when he talked with the UK Daily Mail over the weekend about his decision to take up arms against ISIS and his experiences in Syria thus far. He does not seem to have received any special treatment from the Kurdish YPG militia due to his pre-war occupation and connections with celebrities, and he does not want any. He is not looking to hold down a desk at some Kurdish media office; he came to fight. Where I m going in the next two days, say a prayer for me, because I ll be going to a place which has a lot of action, a lot of fighting,  he told the Daily Mail. He has already done a month s worth of guard duty on the front lines, watching coalition fighter jets attack ISIS forces.He would like to see a bit more of that, he says. The Daily Mail describes Enright as  angry that Britain is not bombing Islamic State targets in Syria, concentrating instead on Iraq.  He thinks the Kurds could defeat ISIS in Syria with more air cover.  We re out gunned, and we re out manned. We need the air support,  he said.Enright s story is breathtaking in its simplicity: he beheld the horrors of ISIS and felt it was his duty to his native Britain, the America where he prospered, and the victims of Islamic State atrocities to do something about it. Fortunately, he had a friend in the British SAS who could put him in touch with the Kurdish YPG militia. He made his arrangements quietly, without telling family or friends, because he feared they would try to talk him out of it. He brought everyone in his life up to speed with a Facebook post after he arrived in Syria. For me, the biggest regret of my life was not going to Afghanistan when 9/11 happened,  he told the Daily Mail.  The beheading videos brought out the same kind of feelings in me, and a real sense that I had a duty to America. I really feel a debt to the country. You know, they welcomed me with open arms. And then what added to it all was that it was an Englishman, that he had an English accent,  Enright continued, referring to  Jihadi John,  the British-expatriate host of many beheading videos.  And I just, it just touched me personally, in a very deep way.  He said the last straw was ISIS burning captured Jordanian pilot Mu ath al-Kassasbeh alive in a cage. He watches that video on his smartphone whenever he needs a jolt of motivation for his military duties.It is not ironic or sarcastic to say that Enright s journey would make an amazing movie; his story of trying to hook up with YPG contacts in Iraqi Kurdistan is as harrowing as anything you ll find in an espionage thriller. His training alongside Kurdish fighters, as a gentleman of a certain age without any prior military experience, would make for a fine bit of action-comedy: imagine the Kurdish equivalent of R. Lee Ermey screaming,  You think you re special because you were in a Pirates of the Caribbean movie, maggot? Drop and gimme fifty! There is no sense whatsoever that he is thinking along those lines. (For the record, Enright describes his training as a combination of weapons drills, language classes, and  running up and down hills, basically.  To his surprise, he turned out to be a naturally gifted rifleman. He sleeps alongside his AK-47, which he has named  Olga. )Enright is very serious about what he is doing, well aware of the risks he s taking, and conscious of all that he left behind, including a sister who was recently diagnosed with cancer.  She s going through radiotherapy right now,  he said.  And so I m just hoping that we both get through it. To borrow a line from a previous generation of men who answered the call to battle, Enright won t be coming home until it s over, over there. He said he s not homesick after two months in the country.  I m very happy to be here, to be doing something that I think will outlast me,  he declared.Enright described ISIS as an  abomination  and said their atrocities were  a call to humanity, it s a call to everybody, to do whatever we can, in whatever way we can.  He said he wants to  absolutely annihilate them, and kill them on sight. Whether or not he winds up documenting his experiences in Hollywood film, he has no intention of appearing in any Islamic State beheading videos. He is well aware of the terror state s $100,000 bounty for Western hostages and says he keeps a bullet in reserve for himself, in case he s about to be captured. Here s hoping you don t need that one, warrior.Via: Breitbart News",0
15702,BREAKING: RUSSIA SMELLS OBAMA’S FOREIGN POLICY WEAKNESS AND MAKES A MOVE,"Leading from behind hasn t worked out so well for Obama and now Russia has taken full advantage of our perceived weakness when it comes to building ties with China and other superpowers. This is  a dangerous game with China and Russia cozying up for military exercises. 2016 can t come soon enough!!!SOCHI, Russia (Reuters)   Russian land forces will join troops from China, India, Mongolia and Belarus in a series of joint military training exercises during the second half of this year, President Vladimir Putin s office said on Wednesday.The announcement, issued as Putin met top Russian military brass in the Black Sea resort of Sochi, will stir unease in Western capitals, whose relations with Moscow have deteriorated sharply during the year-long Ukraine crisis.Moscow has become especially keen to build closer economic and other ties with the Asian giants China and India since the United States and European Union imposed sanctions on Russia last year over its annexation of Ukraine s Crimean region.The joint military training exercises will have a focus on peace-keeping and anti-terrorist activities, the statement said.Training exercises are also planned with troops from member countries of the Collective Security Treaty Organization (ODKB), which includes Russia and several former Soviet republics such as Kazakhstan, Armenia and Kyrgyzstan.Russia also plans a number of other training exercises for its armed forces this year, Wednesday s statement said, part of efforts to counter what Moscow portrays as an aggressive, anti-Russian stance by NATO.Chinese President Xi Jinping and India s President Pranab Mukherjee joined Putin in Moscow last Saturday for a military parade marking the 70th anniversary of the allied victory over Nazi Germany in World War Two in Europe.Western leaders skipped the event in protest over Russian policy in Ukraine.Last week, Xi and Putin signed a $25 billion deal to boost Chinese lending to Russian firms and a host of other economic accords. China has also invited Russian troops to march in a parade in Beijing in September.Read more: WFB",0
15703,"OINK, OINK! 2015 PIG BOOK SHOWS LAWMAKERS APPROPRIATING GLUTTONOUS SPENDING","WHAT MORATORIUM? These guys in Congress are getting around the moratorium and spending like drunken sailors er pigs Stop the madness!Congress has appropriated over $4 billion earmarks this year despite a ban on pork barrel spending, Citizens Against Government Waste (CAGW) announced on Wednesday.The group unveiled the 23rd edition of its Pig Book at the Phoenix Park Hotel near Capitol Hill, revealing millions in earmarks for  fish passage,   embryo adoption awareness,  and abstinence education. The 2015 Pig Book continues to prove that any earmark is a bad earmark,  CAGW president Tom Schatz said.  At a time when members of Congress from both sides of the aisle and both sides of the Capitol continue to call for a restoration of earmarks, taxpayers should deliver a loud and clear message that it is time for earmarks to be permanently banned. Congress has been operating under a self-imposed earmark moratorium since 2010. However, lawmakers have found ways to get around the moratorium.CAGW found the cost of earmarks increased from $2.7 billion to $4.2 billion between fiscal years 2014 and 2015.The report highlights $2.6 million earmarked for the Denali Commission, a 1998 program to build infrastructure in rural Alaska that President Obama wanted to eliminate in 2012. Since FY 2000, 26 projects worth $295.8 million have been earmarked for the Denali Commission, including requests by Senate Energy and Water Appropriations Subcommittee member Lisa Murkowski (R., Alaska), Sen. Mark Begich (D., Alaska), and the late Sen. Ted Stevens (R., Alaska),  according to the Pig Book.Read more: WFB",0
15704,STATE FUNDED PROGRESSIVE INDOCTRINATION: COLLEGE PROF DEMANDS Students Adopt His Atheist Beliefs And Leftist Views…Or Fail,"Emboldened by a radical leftist  President  who thumbs his nose at our Constitution and the core values our nation was founded on, our teachers and professors in colleges and universities across America are ramping it up. Our children and our nation will pay a heavy price unless we step and in and demand accountability for their actions A professor at Polk State College has allegedly failed a humanities student after she refused to concede that Jesus is a  myth  or that Christianity oppresses women during a series of mandatory assignments at the Florida college.According to a press release from the Liberty Counsel, a non-profit public interest law firm, Humanities Professor Lance  Lj  Russum gave a student a  zero  on four separate papers because the 16-year-old did not  conform to his personal worldviews of Marxism, Atheism, Feminism, and homosexuality.  The law firm has called for a full, private investigation of the professor and the course curriculum.The course description for the class,   Introduction to Humanities,  claims that students  are under no obligation to agree with classmates, authors, or the instructor, in fact, the instructor will often occupy the space of  Devil s Advocate  for the purpose of lively discussion. The point of this is not to  bash  any religion, we should NEVER favor one over another, they all come from the same source, HUMAN IMAGINATION and [sic] they demonstrate that humanity is one,  a copy of Russum s class outline, riddled with grammatical errors, says.Video via Breitbart News We have much to thank of [sic] humans like Michelangelo who took a sacred space, a temple to god, and made it a HUMAN space, a space where humanism can meet with god and discourse,  one course assignment read.  Finally humanity and the gods are on equal footing and that is what the myths of Hercules, Apollo and Jesus are all about the divine becoming human and human being divine. In her essay, the student, who Liberty Counsel identifies as  G.L.,  argued that  it is a logical fallacy to make the assumption that Christian humanism s goal was to  blend mythologies and make man the center  simply on account of Michelangelo s artwork or because Renaissance artists incorporate classicism. The student apparently received a zero on that assignment.Another assignment allegedly required students to discuss how  fortunate  Martin Luther was to be born in a historical moment that allowed him to  challenge the mythos of the power structure of the church.  The assignment required students to write only about the humanism of Luther and his reformation and students were instructed in bolded text to keep theology out of the paper: WHAT YOU MUST NOT WRITE ABOUT: 1. This is NOT about Luther s theology 2. Any quotes from his sermons or writings MUST be about humanism and how the reformation is in the right place and right time in history NOT some divine providence of the gods 3. You must stay focused on the history of the humanism of Luther and his reformation IF You turn this into a theological debate or divine providence I will NOT read it and you will be given a zero. She failed that assignment as well.Another description on the course outline criticized Christianity as one of the  most violent forms of religion the world has ever seen,  and bashed the religion for its  dominance by powerful men.  The description, supposedly for a class centered on the role of religion in the Middle Ages, claims that today s major religions  STILL attempt to regulate the bodies of women. One assignment supposedly required students to argue why  did Christianity, and its male gods, want to silence  a specific group of nuns. SECOND, and this is VERY important, I DO NOT want you to write about how wonderful you think Christianity is now because women can do A, B, or C. History is history and facts are facts and your opinion on if it is better now or not is irrelevant for this discussion,  the assignment, obtained by the Liberty Counsel, read.  This is a HISTORICAL discussion about the middle ages. If you really feel the need to express your opinion on how you think Christianity is now for women you may email me, you may call my office or I would love for you to stop by for a nice cup of hot tea where we can talk about it but it does not belong in this assignment. The pieces your are [sic] reading a [sic] from some of the greatest expressions of mythology by women ever, the question is to honor that voice in that moment of history. Christianity. According to the Liberty Counsel, Russum s Facebook page which appears to have been deleted or unlisted via the website s privacy settings included photos of Jesus making an obscene gesture, and his email signature supposedly includes a quote from a Marxist. These, along with the inapropriate course content, show that Professor Russum is seeking to impose his own values on students, in violation of the Constitution,  the press release states.In an email to G.L. s parents, obtained by Liberty Counsel, Dean of Academic Affairs Donald Painter said that he had reviewed the materials presented in Russum s Humanities 2020 course and  believe[d] them to be appropriate.  Painter apologized that the student and her family found the course materials to be  distasteful,  but said the materials would not be modified.Painter, who did not respond to an emailed request for comment from Campus Reform, reminded the student s parents in the email that they had signed an agreement with her dual-enrollment that acknowledged they were aware that some course material may be developed for  the adult student, age 18 or older. According to its website, the college s core values are service, integrity, knowledge, diversity, and leadership. No student should be subjected to such outrageous bias and outright hostility to their values by a professor. Being a professor is not open season to belittle and punish students merely because they do not subscribe to the professor s radical opinions,  Mat Staver, founder and chairman of Liberty Counsel, said in the press release.The Liberty Counsel is asking for not only a full and independent investigation of Russum and the humanities course materials, but also a written apology, re-grading of the student s assignments, and assurance that Russum s future courses will be free from discrimination. In this age of grade inflation it is difficult to earn a grade of zero much less four consecutive zeros. Professors who do so are likely to be sending a message,  Dr. Mike Adams, a professor at the University of North Carolina Wilmington and no stranger to religious bias in academia, told Campus Reform.  A cursory examination of this professor s test questions leaves little doubt about what that message is. The school would be foolish to ignore reasonable requests for an independent investigation. Otherwise they may be on the receiving end of another kind of message in the form of a civil complaint. According to the website Rate My Professor, Russum has an overall quality rating of 4.3 and the average grade of an  A.  His page is also adorned with a chili pepper to indicate his physical attractiveness. One student labeled him a Marxist and feminist in 2011.Russum did not respond to an emailed request for comment from Campus Reform.Polk State College officials said the school s legal counsel is reviewing the issue but declined to comment further to Campus Reform.Richard Mast, a lawyer with the Liberty Counsel who is assigned to the case, told Campus Reform that the school has yet to respond to the Liberty Counsel s letter but have until Friday to do so. The Liberty Counsel is prepared to  take further action,  if needed, Mast said. In terms of egregious behavior by professors, this is certainly one of those cases that will forge new ground on what not to do,  Mast told Campus Reform in an interview. This is the most wildly inappropriate behavior I ve seen that reflects a growing hostility towards religion Christianity in particular,  Mast said.According to Mast, the Liberty Counsel does have more documents in a file on Russum s classroom behavior that the firm has not yet released.The public state school, located in Lakeland, Fla., has more than 10,000 students enrolled.",0
15705,(VIDEO) THE GREAT DIVIDER: OBAMA PULLS OUT THE STRAW MAN ARGUMENT AT THE POVERTY SUMMIT, ,0
15706,WHY WAS THIS YOUNG MAN SPONSORED BY CAIR INVITED TO THE WHITE HOUSE,"It s Hard To Know Who Obama Hates More America, Israel Or Our Police Officers Barry doesn t have time to attend the funerals of any of the cops who ve been murdered in his race war, but he s got time to meet with a CAIR sponsored victim of alleged police brutality following a violent protest, supposedly at the hands of Israel police officers. He s always got time for the  victim,  especially if the radical muslim organization, CAIR has anything to do with using the victim s status to promote their radical cause. A White House official confirmed that the Obama administration s national security team recently met with a teenager who garnered international headlines after a video of him being beaten by Israeli police during a protest in East Jerusalem emerged on the Internet.Tariq Khdeir, a fifteen-year-old Tampa resident of Palestinian decent, was hosted at the White House for continuing meetings with the Obama administration, which says that it is continuing to monitor the case.Khdeir was filmed being beaten and arrested by Israeli police last summer during a riot in a Palestinian neighborhood over the death of Muhammad Abu Khdeir, Tariq s cousin.A White House official confirmed late Monday to the Washington Free Beacon that Khdeir and his family were hosted at the White House for meetings. The confirmation came following initial reports of the April 15 meeting by CNN. The U.S. government has remained closely engaged with Tariq and his family since his return from Jerusalem,  a White House official told the Free Beacon.  As part of the follow-up on pending issues related to his case, National Security Council staff met with the Abu Khdeir family recently. While Tariq Khdeir was originally accused of participating in the riot which came amid a series of similar riots in Jerusalem last summer he was cleared of all charges in January.Khdeir s cousin Muhammad was the victim of an apparent revenge killing in the wake of the abduction and slaughter of three Israeli teens by Palestinian terrorists.Anti-Israel activists touted the video of Khdeir s beating as proof of widespread Israeli aggression and malfeasance in East Jerusalem. Organizations such as the Council of America-Islamic Relations (CAIR) have featured Khdeir as a speaker at various anti-Israel conferences.The family is reportedly seeking assurances that Khdeir will not be subjected to retaliation by Israel should he return to Jerusalem.The Obama administration is reportedly miffed with Israel over the incident and believes the government has not taken such incidents seriously, according to CNN. Based on numerous conversations with administration officials on background, there is a widespread belief within the Obama administration that the Israeli government does not take these incidents against American citizens with the seriousness U.S. officials believe they merit,  CNN reported. Unless there is video evidence that excessive force was used, as in the case of Tariq Khdeir, Israeli government officials inevitably conclude that the action taken was justified and in keeping with national security needs, officials say,  according to the report.Via: Washington Free Beacon",0
15707,[Video] US VETERAN FINDS FLAG HE CARRIRED ON TOUR DESECRATED IN FRONT YARD,"The war on the American flag continues.Retired mounted an American flag in front of his house, the same flag that he carried with him on duty across five continents.One morning last week, the vet woke up to find his car smashed with the flag pole and the flag desecrated with a marker. The message that I would like to say is America is still the greatest country in the world,  Hernandez Garcia said on  Fox and Friends Weekend.   It s not something that we are just brainwashed with. We are still the greatest country. We got problems. Everybody does. The flag represents freedom. When you step on the flag, you really are stepping on those veterans that have really fought for you. And everybody else, including your own parents, grandparents and great-grandparents and so forth,  Hernandez Garcia said. So, if you are watching this, I would like to tell you, come and talk to me. Let s talk about things. Let s not destroy things. Our country needs dialogue more than violence. He said that social media has a major influence on people, so maybe someone saw the recent  stomp the flag challenge  and was inspired.Tucker Carlson and Ainsley Earhardt revealed that America s Mighty Warriors, a group that helps support military families, will be paying for the damages to Hernandez Garcia s car and flagpole, plus paying for a weekend vacation for two. In addition to that, a flag will be flown over the U.S. Capitol in honor of his service.Via: Fox and Friends",0
15708,"[VIDEO] DENZEL WASHINGTON GIVES GOD-CENTERED COMMENCEMENT SPEECH On Same Day As Michelle Obama’s Hateful, Racist Rant To Grads","Two high profile black people giving commencement speeches at predominately black universities with two very different messages. One speaker delivered a message of hope, humility and encouragement. The other speaker delivered a message of racism, hate, resentment and a call to stand up and fight against the oppressive white man who spends his time looking for a reason to discriminate against them.Dillard University s 218 members of the Class of 2015 received a special treat in addition to their diplomas   Academy and Tony Award-winning actor Denzel Washington to deliver the keynote commencement address. And in contrast to the whiney, racial and excuse-driven address delivered by first lady Michelle Obama at another historically black university, Washington s was filled of hope, humor, inspiration and love of his creator.  No. 1,  he resolutely told the graduates of the New Orleans university,  Put. God. First! Washington told the class that God has kept him centered throughout his life, I ve been protected, I ve been directed, I ve been corrected. I ve kept God in my life and it s kept me humble,  he said.  I didn t always stick with him, but he s always stuck with me. Stick with him in everything you do.  Toward the end of his brief address, he gave some sage advice.  I pray that you put your slippers way under your bed tonight, so that when you wake up in the morning you have to get on your knees to reach them,  Washington said.  And while you re down there, say,  thank you. Thank you for grace, thank you for mercy, thank you for understanding, thank you for wisdom, thank you for parents, thank you for love, thank you for kindness, thank you for humility, thank you for peace, thank you for prosperity. Say  thank you  in advance for what s already yours. True desire in the heart for anything good is God s proof to you, sent beforehand, to indicate that it s yours already,  Washington said.  Don t just aspire to make a living,  he concluded,  aspire to make a difference. On Saturday   the same day as Washington s address   the first lady delivered her own commencement speech at Tuskegee University.https://youtu.be/4w3eFiVUHQQ But instead of inspiration-driven, hers was racially motivated.  The road ahead is not going to be easy. It never is, especially for folks like you and me,  she said.  Because while we ve come so far, the truth is those age-old problems are stubborn, and they haven t fully gone away.  Her resentment was as palpable as Washington s gratitude was evident. One graduating class got rewarded for its time, anyway.Via: BizPacReview",0
15709,(VIDEO) LIBERAL PUNDIT: OBAMA WORST POTUS EVER, ,0
15710,(VIDEO) KRAUTHAMMER: FORMER CIA DEPUTY DIRECTOR GIVES TELLING STATEMENTS THAT WILL BE USED AGAINST HILLARY, ,0
15711,"LAWS ARE FOR THE COMMON MAN…NOT FOR BARRY SOETORO: Obama Gives Work Permits To 2,000 After Judge Ordered Him To Stop","It was all an  accident.  It s good to King The Obama administration continues to ignore the law and do pretty much whatever the hell it wants.From The Hill:The government  erroneously  doled out about 2,000 expanded immigrant work permit authorizations under President Obama s controversial executive actions, even after a federal judge blocked the move, the Justice Department says. The Government sincerely regrets these circumstances and is taking immediate steps to remedy these erroneous three-year terms,  the Department of Justice wrote in a court advisory filed late Thursday in the Southern District of Texas.The advisory comes after District Court Judge Andrew Hanen halted the implementation of the executive actions, which defer deportations for immigrants living in the U.S. illegally and provide them with expanded access to work permits, until the courts could decide whether the policies are constitutional.While the old policies authorize a two-year renewal of work permits under the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, the new program would allow for a three-year renewal.The DOJ added in the advisory that the Department of Homeland Security is  converting  the three-year renewals into two-year terms and that DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson has asked the agency s inspector general to investigate.Oh good they re investigating, I m sure they ll be fair and honest, right? If we can t trust them to follow a judge s ruling then why should we trust them about any immigration policy they might seek in the future? This is just pathetic. And of course it s released on Friday afternoon, knowing that the complicit moron media will barely report it.Via: The Right Scoop ",0
15712,U.S. APOLOGIZES FOR HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS AT U.N. REVIEW TO COUNTRIES WITH WORSE HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATIONS,"Obama s apology tour for the greatest country in the world continues The United States heard widespread concern Monday over excessive use of force by law-enforcement officials against minorities as it faced the U.N. s main human rights body for a review of its record.Washington also faced calls to work toward abolishing the death penalty, push ahead with closing the Guantanamo Bay detention center and ensure effective safeguards against abuses of Internet surveillance. Its appearance before the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva is the second review of the U.S. rights record, following the first in 2010.A string of countries ranging from Malaysia to Mexico pressed the U.S. to redouble efforts to prevent police using excessive force against minorities. Welcome to Mexico. It to likely you ll find any human rights violations here. Oh and here s a prison in Malaysia. Nothing to see here The U.N.Human Rights Council has more pressing issues to deal with like hmmm .maybe their concerned about whether or not the terrorists we re keeping in our Guantanamo Bay Prison have soccer balls that are properly inflated We must rededicate ourselves to ensuring that our civil-rights laws live up to their promise,  Justice Department official James Cadogan told delegates, adding that that is particularly important in the area of police practices and pointing to recent high-profile cases of officers killing unarmed black residents. These events challenge us to do better and to work harder for progress through both dialogue and action,  he said at the session s opening. He added that the government has the authority to prosecute officials who  wilfully use excessive force,  and that criminal charges have been brought against more than 400 law-enforcement officials in the past six years.Several countries, including Brazil and Kenya, voiced concern over the extent of U.S. surveillance in the light of reports about the National Security Agency s activities.David Bitkower, a deputy assistant attorney general, responded that  U.S. intelligence collection programs and activities are subject to stringent and multilayered oversight mechanisms.  He added that the country doesn t collect intelligence to suppress dissent or to give U.S. businesses a competitive advantage, and that there is  extensive and effective oversight to prevent abuse. Faced with widespread calls for a moratorium on executions and a move to scrap the death penalty, Bitkower noted that it is an issue of  extensive debate and controversy  within the U.S. He pointed to  heightened procedural safeguards  for defendants prosecuted for capital offenses.Brig. Gen. Richard Gross, the legal counsel to the chairman of the U.S. joint chiefs of staff, told the council that President Barack Obama has said closing Guantanamo   in which he has been thwarted by Congress   is  a national imperative.  The remaining detainees are detained lawfully, he said.Via: AP News",0
15713,ISIS THREATENS CYBER- ATTACK AGAINST A NUMBER OF TARGETS TODAY: “A Message To America”,A group of hackers affiliated with ISIS are threatening to carry out a cyber attack dubbed  Message to America against a number of targets 2 p.m. EST today. The targets were not identified on ISIS forums and social channels but the hackers are promising something  surprising  that  will frighten America .ISIS supporters calling themselves the Cyber Caliphate hacked into the Twitter account of the United States Central Command in January.Twitter suspended the account detailing the planned attack about 9 a.m. EST.,0
15714,HAPPY MOTHER’S DAY…Your First Grader Just Rated Your Mommy Skills For Her Public School Teacher,"Rate your mom for Mother s Day sounds like the perfect project that only an intrusive, progressive public school teacher would assign. A first grade class at Ridgecrest Elementary in Cottonwood Heights, Utah, (and scads of other schools around the country, too, if the 1,994 downloads are any indication) made a Mother s Day  gift  to take home. Was it a sentimental card? A loving poem? Perhaps the impression of the child s hand forever memorialized in plaster of paris? No.Some teacher (or in this case it may have been Principal Teri Mattson) thought it was a grand idea to have six-year-olds rate their moms on personal behaviors. The  report card  reveals how well  the mom  lives up to expectations! Kids get to rate (with smiling, neutral, or frowning faces) their moms on these items:The mom cares for her children. The mom cooks healthy meals for her children. The mom has an organized bedroom. The mom takes time to enjoy her hobbies, such as reading. The mom works hard to make money for her family. The mom is funny and makes her children laugh. The mom takes care of herself by getting her hair done and taking bubble baths. The mom is a safe driver and does not get distracted when driving. Inspire Me, ASAP! the username of a woman who offers items on Teachers Pay Teachers created this worksheet. It is apparently receiving lots of positive feedback (and smiling faces!) with comments like:The moms will love these! How fun is this?! Can t wait to have my kiddos make this! Super adorable! Adorable idea. I can t wait to see their answers.Now the questions are:How many parents are going to speak up about this? How could teachers/administrators be this clueless? Whenever things like this happen, I see a ton of private griping and moaning and negative social media commentary. Few parents, however, are willing to push back.In a nutshell, parents are afraid of school employees. These taxpayer funded teachers and administrators hold so much power (grades, influence, activities, resources) that parents vehemently object in private while smiling and nodding in public.They work for us, people. They must be held accountable.Giving such a worksheet is not just invasive and stupid. In Utah, it s illegal.Title 53A Chapter 13 Part 3 Section 302Except as provided in Subsection (7), Section 53A-11a-203, and Section 53A-15-1301, policies adopted by a school district or charter school under Section 53A-13-301 shall include prohibitions on the administration to a student of any psychological or psychiatric examination, test, or treatment, or any survey, analysis, or evaluation without the prior written consent of the student s parent or legal guardian, in which the purpose or evident intended effect is to cause the student to reveal information, whether the information is personally identifiable or not, concerning the student s or any family member s: (e) critical appraisals of individuals with whom the student or family member has close family relationshipsVia: Mormonmomma",0
15715,WATCH HILARIOUS SNL “Draw Muhammed” Contest Skit…,"We d like to offer a special word of  thanks  to Pamela Gellar for shining the light on the truth about Americans who are being bullied into submission by muslim terrorists.https://youtu.be/D2mcRb_WXhYThis skit points out the ridiculousness of the argument by the left that we need to draw the free speech line at criticizing Islam. It s okay to criticize Christianity or Judaism. There s no need to fear criticizing other faiths, but criticize Islam and threats made against your life are apparently  justified. Funny we don t remember seeing anything in the First Amendment that exempts American citizens from criticizing Muhammed or the Islam faith ",0
15716,MOTHER OUTRAGED OVER DAUGHTER BEING ASKED TO ARRIVE NUDE TO EXAM BY RADICAL COLLEGE PROF Whose Past Includes Aiding Illegals To Cross Border Into US,"Not that anyone should be surprised by this insanity after all, it s California where rules, laws and morals don t really apply to liberals Arriving naked at a final exam is one of the most common nightmares for students, according to Psychology Today. At the University of California San Diego, however, the naked final exam is a requirement for a class in the visual arts department.Students are required to perform  a gesture that traces, outlines or speaks about your  erotic self(s),  according to the course syllabus. In the performance, all of the students are naked, along with the professor, Ricardo Dominguez, who has taught the class for 11 years. It s the standard canvas for performance art and body art,  Dominguez told local ABC News affiliate KGTV.  It is all very controlled If they are uncomfortable with this gesture, they should not take the class.  He was defending the class after one mother spoke out, claiming the requirement was not clear and was a  perversion. According to the UCSD Visual Arts department website, the course is a prerequisite for a verbal performance art class. Fully 95% of students in the class receive a grade of  A,  according to the college course ratings website koofers.com.Domniguez s biography on the department website lists a series of political efforts, including a government-funded project called the  Transborder Immigrant Tool,  in which he handed out cell phones to prospective illegal immigrants with instructions about how to cross the U.S.-Mexico border.The goal of the project, which was funded by U.S. government grants and UCSD, and which was subsequently investigated by Congress, was to use poetry to  dissolve  the border.Via: Breitbart News",0
15717,INSANE VIDEO: IT’S GRADUATION TIME…AND THAT MEANS IT’S TIME FOR OUR RACIST FIRST LADY To Spew Hateful Lies And Rhetoric About Racist White America And The Mistreatment Of Blacks,"GET OVER YOURSELF! MOOCH PLAYS THE RACE CARD AGAIN This woman loves to stir it up and fabricate things because it does exactly what she wants. It further divides us as a nation. Why else would she (a lawyer) not know that in both highly charged police abuse cases in Ferguson and Baltimore, racism was not the cause of death for either of the criminals who died.https://youtu.be/4w3eFiVUHQQSooo .instead of standing up to Mooch s claims that all Whites are racists and that clearly we, as a nation have made no progress in race relations since the 1950 s, the CBS hosts choose to applaud her courage and ability to speak the  truth. Perhaps they missed the memo, but our so-called  First Black President  (who could have just as easily called himself white) and his racist wife have spent the last 6 years living in our White House and occupying the most important job in our nation.But you know, it s not about reality for these people, it s about stirring the pot and dividing the nation, and the mainstream media is more than happy to help them accomplish that goal. They don t even have the common sense to know they re being called racists right along with the rest of the majority of Americans who seem to be okay with Barack and Mooch s ignorant labels.CBS host Norah O Donnell closes her segment by saying: That is a speech worth reading from beginning to end. Everyone should take a look at that. ",0
15718,(VIDEO) CLINTON FOUNDATION HOSTS FUNDRAISERS ‘WITH GREAT SECRECY’ IN HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATING COUNTRIES, ,0
15719,A MUST SEE! THE BALTIMORE RIOT STORY IN ONE BIG PICTURE, ,0
15720,(VIDEO) NYPD’S SLAIN OFFICER BRIAN MOORE MOURNED AS THOUSANDS GATHER TO HONOR HIM,"Nearly 30,000 police officers gathered in tribute to NYPD police officer Brian Moore. This should send a message to our newly sworn in DOJ director who was just too busy to attend this very important funeral. What was she doing? She was announcing a civil rights investigation into the Baltimore case of Freddie Gray. Could this not wait until next week? Couldn t she put the politics aside for just one day? Shameful!Their agony was seared on their faces   and into a city s heart.The father, mother and sister of NYPD Officer Brian Moore sobbed throughout his funeral Mass on Friday, bereft of all but his heroic memory and a shiny new detective s shield posthumously awarded.  With great honor   and great sadness   I posthumously promote Police Officer Brian Moore, Shield 469, to detective first grade,  a choked-up Police Commissioner Bill Bratton told the 27,000 mourners, who crowded St. James Roman Catholic Church in Seaford, LI, or listened to a live feed on the streets outside. Holding the 25-year-old cop s new gold shield aloft at the altar, Bratton noted the grim significance of its number.  His family will receive this, Shield 9002,  Bratton said as Moore s father, Raymond, a retired NYPD sergeant, watched tearfully in the front pew.  That number follows shields 9000 and 9001, bestowed upon Detective Rafael Ramos and Detective Wenjian Liu,  he said, recalling the posthumous honors for the two Brooklyn cops killed in December when a gunman ambushed their patrol car in Bedford-Stuyvesant.  I hope the 9000 series never sees another,  Bratton added, his voice breaking with emotion.    But that is an idle hope. We are the police. Detective Brian Moore knew it, and so do we all. Read more: NYP",0
15721,SURGE IN MUSLIM IMMIGRATION INTO WESTERN WORLD COMES INTO FOCUS AS INCREASED THREATS OF 9/11 STYLE TERROR ATTACK ARE ANNOUNCED,"Thanks to the United Nations and our State Department for their push to bring mostly muslim refugees to small towns across America we are seeing the  fundamental transformation  that Obama promised. Just like the Somali Muslims forever changed the communities in Minneapolis, the seedlings of muslim communities are being planted as I write this. Please be aware of the fact that this will suck the local tax coffers dry since these refugees get all the freebies they can possibly find. This is the very reason that America has become a global magnet for refugees FREEBIES compliments of YOU!Want more information on how places like Athens, GA and Spartanburg, SC are targets for the refugee agencies? Refugee Resettlement Watch is the go-to blog for any and all information on refugees. ANN CORCORAN is in the video provided here and is a wealth of information because she saw this influx firsthand. The Muslim immigration warnings offered by Dutch politician Geert Wilders who was in the facility in Garland, Texas, that was attacked by terrorists last weekend seem to be coming true.Wilders, who has asked his own parliament to hold an exhibition on the Muhammed cartoons from the Garland, Texas event, has warned frequently that high levels of Muslim immigration without assimilation to the Western world Europe and the United States of America are dangerous to the culture and values of the West.Read more: Breitbart FBI WARNS LOCAL COPS OF 9/11 STYLE ATTACK FROM ISISThough much Islamic State rhetoric may be bluster, analysts say the terrorist group is sufficiently wealthy and has enough social media savvy that, if unchecked, it likely could execute a 9/11-scale attack in the U.S. a few years from now.In the latest indication of U.S. counterintelligence difficulties with  lone wolf  attacks, the FBI director said Thursday that the agency warned local police and sent them an intelligence bulletin several hours before a Muhammad cartoon-drawing contest that a man with Islamist terrorist ties might show up there.Read more: WT",0
15722,"[VIDEO] IN ONE OF THE DARKEST CORNERS OF THE WORLD, An Iraqi Archbishop Makes A Beautiful Music Video To Give Christian Refugees Hope","Refugee camps are overflowing with Christians and Yazidis who ve been persecuted and chased from their homes by ISIS. This beautiful video reminds the residents of these refugee camps to keep the faith and not to lose hope in God and their faith community A British electronica band has teamed up with the archbishop of Iraq to release a song sending a message of hope to persecuted Christians, Yazidis, and other minorities in the crosshairs of the Islamic State and raising awareness about their suffering and need for support.Ooberfuse, a duo based in Woolwich, London, recently released the video, titled  We Are One.  The video was shot in various refugee camps in Erbil and features children of all backgrounds who are living in squalor after the Islamic State forced them to flee their homelands. They are the fortunate who managed to survive the assault.As The Christian Post reports, the video  features very strong Christian overtones and reiterates the fact that although many of these refugees have lost their homes and lives they once knew in Iraq, they will never be without the love and hope of God.  It also features quotes from a number of officials explaining the suffering of not being able to return home.Archbishop Bashar Warda of Erbil begins the video by reciting the Lord s Prayer in Aramaic, the language in which Jesus is believed to have first recited it. Archbishop Warda expressed enthusiasm for the project in speaking with the Catholic Herald.  Sometimes you take hard measures, unfortunate measures to deal with and treat this cancer,  he added, referring to the Islamic State as the  cancer. Archbishop Warda has previously used the term for the terrorist group, though noting in remarks in April that sectarian violence based on religion is  not new,  though the Islamic State has taken it to a new scale of horror. He has called for Christians to try to remain in their native lands in Iraq and preserve the religion there, as he has seen the numbers of his diocese diminish rapidly.  We know that life in Iraq is not easy, especially when they live crammed into a room in a house or in a caravan and we have been left with nothing,  he stated, but hoped some would reconsider. I think this is the first time in history a leading Middle Eastern religious leader has embraced the forms of popular culture to advance the Christian message of love and hope,  said Ooberfuse singer and guitarist Hal St John, thanking the archbishop for joining their efforts.Via: Breitbart News",0
15723,FAMILY LIVING ‘TRADITIONAL LIFESTYLE’ TORN APART: POLICE SEIZE 10 Homeschooled “Off Grid” Children From Their Family,"Conform or pay the ultimate price Police seized ten children from an  off grid  homeschool family in Kentucky on Wednesday after receiving an anonymous tip about the family s traditional lifestyle.The nightmare story began when sheriff s officers set up a blockade around Joe and Nicole Naugler s rural property before entering the premises. Eight of the kids were out with their father but Nicole and two of her oldest children were at home. Nicole attempted to drive away but was subsequently stopped and arrested for resisting (attempting to prevent officers from taking her two boys away).The sheriff then demanded Joe Naugler turn over the other eight children by 10am the next day or face felony charges, an order with which he complied. They are an extremely happy family,  said family friend Pace Ellsworth, who asserts that the Nauglers were targeted because of their  back to basics life  and their decision to homeschool their children.Friends reported no concerns about how the children were being treated by the parents, who follow an educational model called  unschooling  where the children decide their own curriculum based on the subjects that interest them and what their strengths are. This is the natural way to live,  said Ellsworth.  It s actually a growing movement. They want to have a personal education and not a factory education. They are completely open about their life. Everyone is learning by living. They are all extremely intelligent. The family s Facebook page   entitled  My Blessed Little Homestead,  is a charming testament to their way of life. The Naugler children are obviously living a blissful  free range  lifestyle amongst 26 acres of land in Breckinridge County. They frequently post pictures and videos of their children, animals and their off-grid life,  reports Off the Grid News.  A May 5 post showed a video of a toddler, Mosiah, learning to walk. An April 24 post showed a happy family, gathering around a campfire, roasting marshmallows. The family have set up a GoFundMe page to try and raise money for legal expenses.A website for the family spells out their plight with the heart-wrenching words;  This Kentucky family of 12 people, 6 dogs, 2 farm cats and a few random farm animals was just torn apart. Their crime: Living a simple, back to basics life. This shocking story once again illustrates how families attempting to simply get on with their lives in a traditional manner are being treated as extremists by other Americans, snitched on, and targeted by authorities.Here is a Facebook link to the Nagger family business: Blessed Little Grooming Company, LLCVia: InfoWars",0
15724,OBAMA REGIME’S SECRET ASIAN TRADE DEAL Would Let International Tribunal Overrule State and Fed Laws To Benefit Foreign Companies,"Nothing to see here just Obama evening the playing field by giving an ad hoc international tribunal the ability to overrule US laws and allow them to levy fines against the US the American taxpayer would be responsible for paying. It is really worrisome,  said top House Ways and Means Committee Democrat Rep. Sandy Levin.  Countries do not want to give away their jurisdiction away to some arbitrary panel,  he added.At issue is the pending Trans-Pacific Partnership treaty and a provision called  Investor-State Dispute Settlement,  or ISDS, that would let foreign firms challenge U.S. laws, potentially overruling those laws and resulting in fines to be paid by taxpayers. The provisions are becoming common in some trade deals between other nations.Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren has warned that it would undermine U.S. sovereignty.Alabama Republican Sen. Jeff Sessions has also raised a concern about another phase in the legislation,  living agreement.  He and other experts say that phrase means that the treaty can be changed after Congress approves it.The Asia trade deal would be up first if Congress OK s the pending Trade Promotion Authority, which fast-tracks trade agreements. Levin said it is in trouble over concerns about the secret TPP.Is anyone else feeling exhausted by watching Josh  the liar  Earnest explain the corrupt Obama administration?At a media breakfast hosted by the Christian Science Monitor, Levin appeared with Jeffrey Sachs, prominent international economist at Columbia University, who panned the provision as a bid by foreign companies to make an  end run  around tough U.S. laws and regulations. Essentially, ISDS allows companies to sue states in a special ad hoc tribunal that is outside the court systems and outside of the legal systems of the host countries,  he warned.  U.S. law, U.S. court findings, could be set aside by this ad hoc process really designed and pushed by the corporate sector which sees this as an end run around national law,  he added.Levin also joined in Sessions  demand that the Asia trade pact be opened to the public. Currently, it is being kept in secret and only those cleared to see it are allowed to. Levin said, for example, that he was barred from discussing some TPP provision with Sachs.The White House has dismissed the secrecy claims, but Sachs said,  It is secret. I haven t seen it. I can t see it. Levin also said that the treaty would include communist Vietnam which has far different worker rights laws than the U.S. He recalled recently meeting with a Vietnamese woman who was thrown in jail for trying to form a union.  There has to be changes,  he demanded.Via: Washington Examiner",0
15725,REFUGEE BUSINESS IS CASH COW FOR LUTHERAN CHARITY IN MI AND OTHER STATES,"How very  charitable  of the Lutheran and Catholic churches to bring tens of thousands of refugees to America, dump them off, and expect the American taxpayer to fund their existence Michigan Congresswoman Brenda Lawrence cheers the news that more money is coming to her district for illegal aliens magically transformed into refugees.What she won t understand until it is too late, is that the arrival of thousands of refugees in Michigan will squeeze Americans, especially the African Americans, at the bottom rung of the pay scale. Michigan is in the top five states receiving refugees and yet they are adding alien children into the mix.But, what the heck, even as states increase poverty, these  church  groups have to make a living!From the Detroit Free Press:WASHINGTON   The Obama administration has awarded a Michigan social services group $2.2 million to house unaccompanied immigrant children, U.S. Rep. Brenda Lawrence announced today. US Rep Brenda Lawrence is happy that the Lutherans are flooding Michigan with refugees and alien children. It was not immediately known how many children would receive or had received residential services under the grant to Lutheran Social Services of Michigan or whether any other groups were receiving grants in the state as well.No surprise! No one will return calls!Calls and emails to Lutheran Social Services of Michigan and the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR), part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, from the Free Press seeking more information were not immediately returned.According to data on the ORR s website, only 235 unaccompanied immigrant children had been placed in Michigan in the last two years, far less than the number placed in neighboring states including Ohio. [I wonder if the new grant is in anticipation of Michigan getting more of the UACs ed]Some 63,000 undocumented children have been placed throughout the U.S. in the last two years, the ORR s website said.In announcing the grant, Lawrence, D-Southfield, said the grant assists unaccompanied minors who  seek relief from the violence and poverty that threatens their very existence in their home countries. They can hardly be described as being faith-based while living off of taxpayer boodle! Doesn t sound like Christian charity to me! Lutheran Social Services truly lives up to their faith-based mission statement to serve the people most in need of help and I am proud to see them receive this substantial federal grant,  she said, adding that she believes it also time for Congress to address comprehensive immigration reform.Lutheran Social Services of Michigan is the largest refugee resettlement agency in the state, Lawrence said, providing thousands of families from dozens of countries.So, it is the Lutherans resettling most of the Muslim refugees to Michigan?Other of the nine major contractors are also busy overloading Michigan, go here to see the handy list of subcontractors/contractors working in Michigan and your state too!For new readers, for years we have covered the  unaccompanied minors  (one of the government s original names for the youths illegally crossing the border). Click here for all of our previous posts.The US Conference of Catholic Bishops and Lutheran Immigration and Refugee Service were the two  big dogs  doing the  resettlement  of the children (Obama s new refugees) until two other federal contractors eclipsed them. Grant recipients Baptist Child and Family Services and Southwest Key Programs are now on the scene devouring federal cash as well.",0
15726,"DESPERATE TO STOP THE FLOW OF MUSLIM REFUGEES INTO SWEDEN, Swedish Citizens Devise A Controversial Scheme","The liberals find this plan to be disgusting until their neighborhoods become the next victim of violent muslim immigrant gangs of course Anti-immigration campaigners in Gullberg in southern Sweden are plotting to build a pig farm next to an asylum centre in a last-ditch effort to deter would-be Muslim immigrants, who might find the animals offensive.More illegal immigrants on the run in Sweden (03 May 15) Swedish Syrian warms hearts over phone return (08 Apr 15)  It was a long journey and some of my friends died  (30 Mar 15)Plans for a new immigration centre in Gullberg have already been strongly opposed by local residents and on Wednesday it was reported that a group of campaigners had sent a letter to the Swedish Migration Board (Migrationsverket) pledging to breed pigs nearby in order to deter Muslims from seeking asylum in the town.The note, signed by what described itself as the  interest group for Gullberg s survival  said that it was trying to create a  probably impossible situation for some religious people, especially Muslims , according to Sveriges Radio.Local politician Henry Sandahl from Sweden s Countryside Party (Markbygdspartiet) told the broadcaster that he agreed with the sentiment of the letter. You know that Muslims are not friends with pigs,  he said.But Swedish religious experts have been quick to criticize the campaigners. This is nonsense and shows just how very little they know about Islam,  said  ke Sander, Professor of Psychology at the University of Gothenburg. It is one thing when Muslims try to stay away from pork, alcohol or gambling but there is nothing [in the Koran] that says you cannot be near pigs. This is a last-ditch effort when they [the campaigners] have no arguments left,  he told the TT news agency.Others turned to social media to voice their disgust at the campaign.Carl G ransson, a lawyer and former Moderate party politician suggested on Twitter that building  a gigantic rubbish dump  next to the asylum centre instead, designed to blow smelly winds in the direction of the angry residents. Monstrous  and a  total fail , wrote Johan Arenius, a political press secretary for the Christian Democrat party based in  rebro in central Sweden.Sweden became the first European country in 2013 to grant automatic residency to Syrian refugees and has since seen asylum requests rise to record levels, which are still expected to reach about 90,000 in 2015.To cope with an increasing flow of refugees, the Swedish Migration Board announced in March that it was more than tripling the maximum number of residents allowed at asylum centres from 200 to 650.Via: The Local seh/t Refugee Resettlement Watch",0
15727,READY FOR FINANCIAL CRISIS ROUND TWO? HOW CRONY CAPITALISM AND CENTRAL PLANNING HAVE DRAINED US,"This is the definition of insanity-doing the same thing over and over. We just need a Congress strong enough to stop the madness.For over 30 years, sovereign nations, particularly in the West have been buying votes by offering social payments in the form of welfare.The ridiculousness of this should not be lost on anyone. Politicians, in order to be elected, promise to allocate taxpayer funds on social programs that will benefit said taxpayers down the road (we re simply talking about social spending, not infrastructure or other costs).The concept that taxpayers might simply just keep the money to begin with never enters the equation. And because everyone believes that they are somehow spending someone else s money, they play along.When you believe that you are spending someone else s money, it s very easy to write a blank check, which is precisely what Western nations have been doing for years, promising everyone a safe and secure retirement without ever bothering to see where the money would come from.When actual bills came due to fund this stuff, Governments quickly discovered that current tax revenues couldn t cover it  so they issued sovereign debt to make up the difference.And so the bond bubble was created.The large banks, that have a monopoly on managing sovereign debt auctions, were only too happy to play along with this. The reasons are as follows:1) They can use these alleged  risk-free  assets as collateral to backstop tens of trillions worth of derivatives trades. A $1 million investment in your typical US Treasury can backstop over $15 million worth of derivatives if not more. The profits from the derivatives markets remains a primary source of revenue for the banks.2) Sovereign Governments are only too happy to bail out the big banks if the stuff ever hits the fan on the trades that are backstopped by the sovereign debt (see 2006 onwards). Since the banks are the ones holding the sovereign debt, they can always threaten to dump bonds, which would render the whole social welfare Ponzi bankrupt (see what happened in Europe when sovereign bonds collapsed in 2011-2012).3) In a debt-based financial system such as the current one, sovereign bonds are the senior most assets in the system. Those who own these in bulk are at the top of the financial food chain in terms of financial, economic, and political clout.Since it was rarely if ever a problem to issue sovereign debt, Governments kept promising future payments that they didn t have until we reach today: the point at which most Western nations are sporting Debt to GDP ratios well north of 300% when you consider unfunded liabilities (the social spending programs mentioned earlier).Now, cutting social spending is usually considered political suicide (after all, the voters put you in office in the first place based on you promising to pay them welfare payments down the road). So rather than default on the social contract made with voters, the political class will simply push to issue MORE debt to finance old debt that is coming due.The US did precisely this in the fourth quarter of 2014, issuing over $1 trillion in new debt simply to pay back old debt that was coming due.Read more: Zero Hedge",0
15728,(VIDEO) GELLER ON HER OWN: AFTER DEATH THREATS FROM JIHADIS IT’S CRICKETS FROM FBI AND DHS, ,0
15729,HAS FACE BOOK SIDED WITH MUSLIM JIHADISTS AGAINST FREE SPEECH? Muhammed Cartoon Contest Winner Is Removed From Social Media Site,"Bosch Faustian, a former muslim and winner of the  Draw Muhammed  contest hosted by Pamela Gellar claims he has been removed from Facebook:I have been removed from Facebook.  Bosch Fawstin (@BoschFawstin) May 7, 2015We currently in a dark place in America. The parameters of free speech are now being determined by those on the left, and we are allowing them to do so. Here is the winning cartoon drawn by Bosch Fawstin:",0
15730,WATCH HER SKI! AMERICAN TAXPAYERS ON THE HOOK FOR ASPEN TRIP BY FIRST LADY,"WOULDN T YOU LIKE TO KNOW THE GRAND TOTAL AND NOT JUST THE TRANSPORTATION EXPENSES ALONE?First Lady s round-trip flight to Aspen, Colorado, with her daughters cost taxpayers $7,712 an hour(Washington, DC)   Judicial Watch announced today that it has obtained records from the U.S. Department of the Air Force revealing that Michelle Obama s weekend trip to Aspen, Colorado, in February cost American taxpayers $57,068.80 in travel expenses alone for the 7.4-hour round-trip flight. While President Obama flew to California to play golf, speak at a cyber-security summit, and headline a fundraiser for the Democratic National Committee, the First Lady and her daughters spent Valentine s Day weekend skiing in Aspen, returning to the White House on February 16.Judicial Watch obtained the Air Force records in response to a February 18, 2015, Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request seeking the following:According to the newly released records, the transportation costs for the four-day trip to Aspen were based on a flight cost of $7,712 an hour for the First Lady, her daughters, and support personnel in the Gulfstream aircraft. Not included were the attendant costs for U.S. Secret Service personnel, accommodations, meals, rental cars, lift tickets for skiing at Buttermilk, and related expenses. The $57,068.80 tab Mrs. Obama her daughters ran up in travel expenses alone for their weekend trip is more than 14 times what the average American of four spends for an entire week-long vacation.The ski trip was apparently intended to be low-key, and it may have stayed under the radar had it not been for the Obama s motorcade having been forced to stop for a two-car collision ahead of them, which closed the road for 40 minutes. Though the Obamas had been allowed to  sneak through while they waited on tow trucks,  according to Aspen Police Chief Brian Olsen, the presence of the First Lady was noticed. The Obama family reportedly stayed at the home of Jim and Paula Crown, a Chicago couple who have been major campaign contributors to President Obama throughout his political career.Barack and Michelle Obama and other members of their family have traveled more during his presidency than any other first couple, including extensive and costly trips to Spain, Africa, South America, and China, accompanied by staff and often by friends.Including the Aspen trip, government records indicate that the beyond-first-class travel of the Obamas and Vice President Joe Biden have cost the American people well over $56 million.Read more: Judicial Watch",0
15731,LYING WHITE HOUSE PRESS SECRETARY: “OBAMA HAS SCRATCHED AND CLAWED FOR THE MIDDLE CLASS”,"It s interesting that Josh Earnest still carries around the line of bs that all middle class Americans know is a lie. He is, after all,  the chief propagandist for Obama so lying is what he does professionally. The truth is, Obama s presidency has been horrific for the middle class but great for the uber wealthy. Once again, they re counting on the American people to buy the line of bs and propaganda instead of looking at facts One moment of unintended   and unnoticed   levity occurred near the end of the White House briefing Tuesday, when White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest claimed that President Obama has been  a president of the United States that for the last six and a half years has scratched and clawed to protect the interests of middle-class families all across the country. Not sure about who or what he has scratched and clawed. Because the markings are difficult to discern.The White House is careful to dress up its policies as  middle class economics.  Because the middle class is where the votes are. But the Obama presidency is not about the middle class.You can agree or disagree with Obama s methods and policies. But his chief enthusiasm has been helping the lower classes by expanding the welfare state and regulating businesses. The middle class stuff is camouflage for the real agenda.The proof is in the pudding. Here s the pudding.According to Reuters:Barack Obama enters the final two years of his presidency with a blemish on his legacy that looks impossible to erase: the decline of the middle class he has promised to rescue.Federal Reserve survey data show families in the middle fifth of the income scale now earn less and their net worth is lower than when Obama took office. In the six years through 2013, over the recession and recovery that have spanned Obama s tenure, jobs have been added at the top and bottom of the wage scale, a Reuters analysis of labor statistics shows. In the middle, the economy has shed positions   whether in traditional trades like machining or electrical work, white-collar jobs in human resources, or technical ones like computer operators.Between 2010 and 2013, as recovery took hold and stock markets soared, the average net worth of families in the top 40 percent of income earners grew. For all others average net worth shrank, declining 19 percent for the middle fifth.These results stem from specific policies. Obama s chief domestic initiative, Obamacare, is not a middle class program. It s an effort to get health insurance to the lower class, including a massive expansion of Medicaid. Expanding health insurance is a good goal, but the way he has done it involves turning insurers effectively into wards of the state and raising the price and lowering the quality of healthcare for everyone else.Among his other battle cries are raising the minimum wage and legalizing illegal immigrants. He pushed and signed legislation containing massive new regulations on the banks, wants to regulate carbon emissions by fiat, and has enlarged the government s share of the economy while running up trillions in debt.Meantime the WEALTHY have benefited during Obama s tenure for the zero-interest rate Fed policies needed to keep the economy afloat in the absence of any serious presidential leadership on expanding the economy. The low rates have grandly goosed everyone s stock portfolios and made the rich richer.These things he scratches and claws for. Not private sector expansion and business-friendly policies that would promote middle class expansion.And the results speak for themselves.Via: White House Dossier",0
15732,BREAKING: FEDERAL COURT RULES ON NSA’S WARRANTLESS COLLECTION OF DATA…,"Another positive step towards restoring our freedoms A federal court has decided that the National Security Agency s (NSA) bulk, warrantless collection of millions of Americans  phone records is illegal.The decision from the Second Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday represents the second major court victory for opponents of the NSA, after a lower court decision called the program nearly unconstitutional six months ago.The phone records program  exceeds the scope of what Congress has authorized,  Judge Gerard Lynch wrote on behalf of the three-judge panel. The court did not examine the constitutionality of the surveillance program.Via: The Hill",0
15733,BREAKING: Michael Brown Friend Who Started #HandsUpDontShoot Lie Arrested,"What comes around, goes around. It was only a matter of time Dorian Johnson lied repeatedly that Michael Brown had his hands up and was shot in the back by Officer Darren Wilson in Ferguson.No charges listed on casenet yet.The Ferguson mob alleged it was a setup since Johnson filed charges against the Ferguson yesterday. In reality, his arrest on drug charges should surprise no one. He had pot references in his social media.The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reported:Dorian Johnson, the man who was with Michael Brown Jr. when Brown was fatally shot by a Ferguson police officer last summer, has been arrested on suspicion of drug charges and resisting arrest, St. Louis police said.Johnson was arrested on Wednesday and police are pursuing charges. The specifics of where and when he was arrested have not yet been released.Johnson was walking with Michael Brown Jr. on Aug. 9 when the two were approached by Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson. The encounter ended with Brown fatally shot and led to months of protests and unrest in Ferguson.Johnson recently filed a lawsuit against the city, Wilson and former police chief Thomas Jackson.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15734,HILLARY CLINTON STREET ART APPEARS IN LOS ANGELES BEFORE FUNDRAISERS,"You know those really tacky air fresheners you see in cabs? Yea, well, street artists put those all around with Hillary Clinton s photo on them with the caption  Stench of Corruption . Too funny and too true Several pieces of artwork critical of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton have appeared around Los Angeles and Beverly Hills ahead of a trio of pricey fundraisers the candidate will attend.Fake, tree-shaped car fresheners with an image of Clinton in the middle have been placed at the corners of Sunset and Amalfi, Sunset and Capri and Sunset and Allenby in the Tony Riviera section of Pacific Palisades, home to Hollywood luminaries like Ben Affleck, J.J. Abrams, Steven Spielberg, and Tom Hanks.The air freshener s caption?  Stench of Corruption. Clinton is set to attend three high-priced fundraisers on Thursday, May 7. In the morning, Clinton will appear at the Westwood home of Women s Political Committee member Catherine Unger for a $2,700 per plate women s breakfast fundraiser, according to the Hollywood Reporter.Read more: Breitbart",0
15735,IS JADE HELM 15 REALLY ABOUT MARTIAL LAW? Texas Ranger Relays What He Saw Inside Military Trains,"Chuck Norris wrote about Jade Helm 15 in a commentary for the conservative website WND last weekend, pointing to the decision of Texas Gov. Greg Abbott to have the Texas State Guard monitor the Pentagon s Jade Helm 15 military ops as evidence that the operations as a potential threat to the state s sovereignty.  Governor Abbott wrote:  During the training operation, it is important that Texans know their safety, constitutional rights, private property rights and civil liberties will not be infringed.  And Abbott is demanding  regular updates on the progress and safety of the Operation. Norris fanned the conspiracy flames by writing:  Concerned Texans and Americans are in no way calling into question our brave and courageous men and women in uniform. They are merely following orders. What s under question are those who are pulling the strings at the top of Jade Helm 15 back in Washington. The US government says,  It s just a training exercise.  But I m not sure the term  just  has any reference to reality when the government uses it. A covert training operation by U.S. military special operations personnel, Jade Helm 15, is taking place in a several states this summer, spreading panic and conspiracy theories as to the true purpose of the mission.The two-month simulation spans much of the Southwest, requiring special forces from four branches of the military to carry out covert operations amid  hostile  territory in Texas, Utah and part of California.In at least one of those states, hostility toward the operation has begun a few months early. Online and at in-person meetings, many Texans have expressed suspicion and outright opposition to the project. Some are understandably worried about how it ll affect their daily lives, while conspiracy theorists claim it s an attempt to institute martial law.The military says that they are merely preforming training exercises to help hone soldiers  skills in the event they face a foreign threat, but some citizens are worried that planners have something more domestic in mind.Events for the exercise are outlined in a map among unclassified documents posted online last month. Army sources have verified to The Washington Post that the map is legitimate.Many have speculated that the American government isn t far from declaring martial law, an idea only bolstered by these training exercises.In an anonymous email sent to Dave Hodges at The Common Sense Show, a self-described Texas Ranger said that train cars outfitted with prison-type shackles have been moving about Texas. While he added that the Department of Homeland Security claimed the train cars were for transporting captured terrorists, he was apparently reluctant to believe them. He wrote: We have been told by Homeland that these trains are slated for transporting captured terrorists, non-domestic. We are not sure we can trust this explanation because Homeland is keeping a lot from us and we are growing increasingly uncomfortable with their presence in Texas.  The paranoia about Jade Helm, which started on websites like Alex Jones s InfoWars, had started with familiar fulmination about a mass seizure of firearms or a cover-up for American  death squads. This week, Texas Governor Greg Abbott asked the Texas state guard to monitor the exercise for any violations of freedom.  It is important that Texans know their safety, constitutional rights, private property rights and civil liberties will not be infringed,  said the governor.Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz said Saturday that he d been hearing concerns about Jade Helm 15, and reached out to the Pentagon for answers. My office has reached out to the Pentagon to inquire about this exercise. We are assured it is a military training exercise. I have no reason to doubt those assurances, but I understand the reason for concern and uncertainty, because when the federal government has not demonstrated itself to be trustworthy in this administration, the natural consequence is that many citizens don t trust what it is saying.  The Texas Senator, speaking at the South Carolina Republican Convention went on to say: I understand a lot of the concerns raised by a lot of citizens about Jade Helm. And I think part of the reason is we have seen, for six years, a federal government disrespecting the liberty of the citizens. That produces fear, when you see a government that is attacking our free speech rights, or Second Amendment rights, or religious liberty rights. That produces distrust.   Just because you re paranoid,  said Cruz,  doesn t mean they re not out to get you. Via: TPNN",0
15736,"THE ROBBING OF INNOCENCE: 12 Yr Old Students Given CDC Survey About Transgender, Gay And Oral Sex","The left believes these are all perfectly acceptable topics to discuss with our young children. Whatever you do, just don t mention God!A public hearing is taking place Wednesday morning in the Massachusetts State House to look into a controversial sex survey given to middle school and high school students.Developed by the Centers for Disease Control and called the  Youth Risk Behavior Survey,  the survey asks students as young as 12 a series of very personal and highly ideological questions.The survey asks students if they are homosexual and if they are transgender. It also asks if they have had oral or anal sex and if they have performed such acts with up to six people.Whether or not they have carried a gun, smoked cigarettes, consumed alcohol and how much also appear on the questionnaire, as well as whether they have taken drugs, such as OxyContin, Percocet, and Vicodin. It asks how often their guardian uses a seat belt, if the youngster has a sexually transmitted disease, and where they sleep.The group MassResistance says the survey is  psychologically distorting  and will lead the child to think he is  abnormal if he is not doing it all.  The group stated that  having children reveal personal issues about themselves and their family can have emotional consequences.  They also complain that  the survey results are used by radical groups from Planned Parenthood to LGBT groups to persuade politicians to give more taxpayer money [to] these groups. Though students fill out the survey anonymously, MassResistance warns that  they are administered by the teacher in the classroom and there is often pressure for all kids to participate. The test is given nationally and not without controversy. The Chicago Tribune reported two years ago that a Chicago teacher was reprimanded for telling students they had a  constitutional right  not to fill out the survey.Via: Breitbart News",0
15737,[VIDEO] BALTIMORE MAYOR TO POLICE: “Let them loot…it’s only property” Police Demoralized After Being Unable To Respond To 9-11 Calls From Terrorized Business Owners,"The radical Baltimore mayor who ordered the Baltimore Police Department to stand down is now calling for a federal investigation into the Baltimore Police Department. What about a federal investigation into her reckless actions that were clearly motivated by her desire to side with the rioters?? Are we living in some alternate universe where all ability to reason and to use common sense has been removed from our society?Baltimore s streets will likely take years   if not decades   to recover after April s riots that left scores of business owners devastated and local police disheartened. Many cops feel  demoralized, hung out to dry and abandoned,  Fox News  Leland Vittert reported on  Hannity  Monday. There s a sentiment here of  why bother showing up?  Vittert added. Vittert was on the scene at what used to be  ground zero  for the rioting and said he had not seen a single police car during the time he was there. The area is known for drug dealings and gang activity, according to Vittert. Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan said more than 200 businesses were destroyed in the riots, Fox reported.  So this was your life savings you put into this?  Vittert asked a business owner whose property was destroyed. Exactly, exactly,  the business owner said. He added that his life s work was demolished in 30 minutes by looters and vandals resulting in more than $30,000 worth of damage. Vitter talked to a pharmacy owner who said 99 percent of his store s shelves were ransacked and fears the prescription drugs are now out on the streets.  There were dozens of businesses that were looted, and what was stunning to the business owners themselves is as the looting was going on, they were calling 911,  Vittert said. And, as we have reported, the police did nothing because they had an order from the mayor to  let them loot. It s only property.  Business owners are now faced with the difficult decision of whether to rebuild as they worry they will not be protected from future crime and violence.Via: BizPacReview",0
15738,HOW A SINGLE FEDERAL BUREAUCRAT OPENED THE DOOR TO LET FOREIGNERS VOTE,"Meet Alice Miller who single-handedly scr*wed the legal voters of America by letting non-citizens vote. I guess voter integrity only applies to some .The Supreme Court has been asked to allow Kansas and Arizona to verify that only United States citizens are registering to vote in those states. Unfortunately, a single federal bureaucrat refused to allow the two states to weed out non-citizens trying to register to vote.Meet Alice Miller, the acting executive director of the Election Assistance Commission. Miller alone, from her inside-the-Beltway office, refused to amend the Kansas and Arizona version of a federal voter registration form to include state laws requiring proof of citizenship. Backed by a swarm of left-wing groups, Miller, by herself, made it easier for foreigners to vote in Kansas and Arizona.You might wonder how a single federal bureaucrat could have so much power over how elections are run in Kansas and Arizona. Federal law, commonly known as Motor Voter, requires states to accept a form drawn up by the Election Assistance Commission to register voters in their state. But states can ask the Election Assistance Commission (EAC) to revise the version for their state to include state qualification laws. In Kansas and Arizona, registrants must establish that they are citizens to be qualified to register. When Kansas and Arizona asked the EAC to print new forms with those state law requirements, Miller refused.Kansas and Arizona sued, and a federal court ordered the EAC to reprint the forms. However, the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed and held that Miller had the power to deny Kansas and Arizona new forms.The Supreme Court has been asked to take the case, a case which implicates both the integrity of American elections as well as the reach of federal bureaucrats.Normally, the commissioners at the EAC decide what versions of a form the states can use, but the EAC lacked a quorum. Into this vacuum swept Miller.The Public Interest Legal Foundation has filed an amicus brief for the American Civil Rights Union with the Supreme Court. The brief asks the Court to take the case and to restore the constitutional balance which Miller has disrupted.Read more: pj media",0
15739,NY METS HONOR MURDERED COP BRIAN MOORE Who Planned To Take Girlfriend And Dad To Game Tonight,"The flags at Citi Field were also at half-mast in honor of Brian Moore. #Respect #NYPD pride. #Mets pic.twitter.com/GeFiknRwYx  New York Mets (@Mets) May 5, 2015The Mets honored slain New York City Police Officer Brian Moore before Tuesday s game against Baltimore, a game the Orioles fan had tickets to attend.#NYPD officers joined the team for a moment of silence before tonight's game to honor #OfficerMoore. #Mets pic.twitter.com/nmOvBZJMpX  New York Mets (@Mets) May 5, 2015Moore s cousins, who did not wish to be identified, sat in seats several rows behind the Orioles dugout Tuesday night. They sat quietly, saying they came to  honor  their cousin, who was tragically shot in the face on Saturday and died on Monday.Before the game, Moore s picture, bordered by a badge with a black ribbon, lingered on the video screens inside Citi Field and outside the park, too.There was a moment of silence and an NYPD color guard.Moore had bought three tickets for this game. He and his dad and his girlfriend were supposed to go.But instead, Moore was remembered in a somber ceremony   the second such salute the Mets have had for fallen officers this season.On Opening Day at Citi Field, officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu   who were killed in December   were remembered.Flags at Citi Field fly at half-mast in honor of Brian Moore.Flags at Citi Field fly at half-mast in honor of Brian Moore. The Mets players wore NYPD hats during batting practice to honor Moore, 25. Someplace along the line, hopefully we don t have to keep wearing these hats,  Terry Collins said.  We are honoring the true heroes, the soldiers, the police, the fire department that keep us all safe and secure. What they have to face each and every day is beyond any of our imaginations.Ruben Tejada and @Dilson_H proud to wear the #NYPD caps during BP. #Mets pic.twitter.com/Tgfw6vlzSw  New York Mets (@Mets) May 5, 2015 It s sad to think we ve got to wear them,  continued Collins, who took part in a dinner with the families of Ramos and Liu this spring.  It s part of what we think is important and certainly honoring Officer Moore is important today, and so we ll wear them and wear them with pride and hopefully his family understands that although it s hard to understand what they re going through, we re there for them. ""Honoring Officer Moore is important today. We will wear these hats with pride.""   Collins. #NYPD pic.twitter.com/n6SU4teYjD  New York Mets (@Mets) May 5, 2015Orioles slugger Chris Davis, Moore s favorite player, signed a ball for the family. Also, the Orioles are having one of their home jerseys shipped here so the whole team can sign it to give to the family, according to a team spokesman. It s unfortunate we are wearing it for the events that happened,  said Michael Cuddyer, who signed with the Mets this winter.  But I think it is a good gesture by the team, shows we care and are thinking of them. Via: NY Daily News",0
15740,CLINTON GRIFTERS UNDER SCRUTINY: CLINTON GLOBAL INITIATIVE DUMPED BY EXXON MOBIL,"Anyone with half a brain can figure out what these shady grifters are doing keeping 85 cents on the dollar made the Clintons millions and millions. Yes, they only gave 15 cents for every dollar raised   do you really want to vote for a shady grifter as our next President? Really?MARRAKESH, Morocco   Bill and Chelsea Clinton are convening foreign leaders here at a lush golf resort set in a palm grove this week to showcase their foundation s charitable work. But the conference also highlights new controversies engulfing the Clinton family s vast philanthropic enterprises as Hillary Rodham Clinton begins her presidential campaign.A liberal human rights organization and several Republican lawmakers, for instance, are criticizing the Bill, Hillary and Chelsea Clinton Foundation for accepting donations from a Moroccan government-owned mining company, whose seven-figure sponsorship of this week s gathering came amid growing scrutiny of foreign-government donations.Meanwhile, some blue-chip companies that have long provided large donations to the Clinton Foundation are pulling back or reassessing their support.An Exxon Mobil spokesman said this week that the company has decided not to be involved in the Clinton Global Initiative this year. The oil company said its decision was unrelated to recent scrutiny of the foundation, but this is the first year it has not been a sponsor since 2009. Other sponsors, including Monsanto, are reevaluating their partnerships.Via: WaPo",0
15741,RADICAL LEFTIST WHO DISMISSED CHARGES AGAINST MUSLIM TERRORIST SHOOTER IS POTENTIAL SUPREME COURT NOMINEE,"We re not sure which of Judge Mary Murguia s qualifications for becoming a U.S. Supreme Court Justice would be more attractive to Obama. Could it be the fact that she, like Barack Obama can claim she is responsible for dismissing charges against a terrorist?  Perhaps her it s her sister s connection as a leader of La Raza, a government funded, radical activist group fighting to defend amnesty in America. Knowing Barry, it s likely both.The U.S. 9th Circuit Court of Appeals judge who previously dismissed terror charges against one of the Garland, Texas shooters has a connection to the controversial activist group, National Council of La Raza.Judge Mary Murguia, appointed by President Clinton and considered a potential nominee to the Supreme Court by President Obama, was the judge who dismissed government charges against Elton Simpson for suspected terrorism in 2011. On Sunday, Simpson attacked a free speech event in Garland, Texas depicting the Prophet Muhammad in cartoons.Daniel Greenfield cites evidence from the 2011 case:The FBI knew that Elton Simpson, one of the Garland Jihadists, was a threat and had attempted to lock him up after amassing evidence that he intended to go to Somalia as a terrorist. They had him on tape stating  that Allah loves an individual who is  out there fighting [non-Muslims]  and  If you get shot, or you get killed, it s [heaven] straight away.  Mr. Simpson then said  [Heaven] that s what we here for so why not take that route? Judge Murguia held then that the government was unable to prove Simpson mentioned violent jihad in his reasoning for traveling to Somalia.  That phrase is one made up by the Government, likely because it is aware that jihad in the Muslim religion does not necessarily imply violence,  she said, noted Greenfield.However, the LA Times previously noted that Judge Murguria s twin sister Janet Murguia leads a controversial group known as National Council of La Raza, which has been criticized as a racist hate group. It is the nation s largest Latino civil rights activist organization. La Raza is closely linked to the Obama Administration s amnesty efforts.Human Events, a conservative blog, previously reported that the mainstream media views La Raza  no more than a Hispanic Rotary Club.  But La Raza collected roughly $15.2 million in federal grants in 2005. Human Events also reported that undisclosed amounts of that money were used in  get-out-the-vote efforts supporting La Raza political positions. La Raza has been added to congressional hearings and  an anonymous senator even gave the Council of La Raza an extra $4 million in earmarked taxpayer money, supposedly for  housing reform,  according to Human Events. Moreover, Judge Murguria s brother, Carlos Murguria, helped coordinate the Immigration Amnesty Program prior to Clinton nominating him also for a judgeship, according to Front Page Magazine.Via: Bretibart News",0
15742,(VIDEO) OBAMA ON LETTERMAN: “WE IGNORE POCKETS OF POVERTY” BUT OBAMA’S STIMULUS GAVE $1.8 BILLION TO BALTIMORE,"The stats don t lie on this one Obama s hoping to reach the low information voter who watches Letterman and will buy this bs. The stimulus under Obama gave BILLIONS for work programs and education but we still need to give more??? As a taxpaying American I am 100% FED Up! and ready for the black community to take responsibility for their towns and their youth. We DO NOT ignore pockets of poverty but I would say that we ignore the truth of what s going on in the black community and what s the real problem here. It s just like when the main stream media ignores and covers up the bad behavior of groups of black teens. We ve reported on numerous cases of this bad behavior that caused damage and physical harm to others. The latest case was ironically in Baltimore and the local press called the offenders  kids  when you can see clearly that these are teens. Downplaying and not punishing the bad behavior by these teens only makes it worse. No consequences breeds chaos President Obama said that  too often we ignore   pockets of poverty, lack of opportunity, lack of education  on Monday s  Late Show  on CBS.Obama said,  it s important that now that charges have been brought in Baltimore, that we let due process play itself out. Those officers who have been charged, they deserve, to be represented, and to let the legal system work its way through. We don t have all the facts yet, and that that s going to be presented in a court of law. I think it s also really important to remember that the overwhelming number of police officers are doing an outstanding job, we re in New York, today,   we re in New York today, where a young officer lost his life doing his job, and families of officers all across the country every day, they re wondering  is my loved one going to come home?  And so they ve got a really tough job. He continued,  what we also know, though, is that for far too long, for decades, you have a situation in which too many communities don t have a relationship of trust with the police, and if you just have a handful of police who are not doing the right thing, that makes the job tougher for all the other police officers out there. It creates an environment in the community where they feel as if, rather than being protected and served, they re the targets of arbitrary arrests or stops, and so our job has to be to rebuild trust, and we put forward a task force made up of police officers, but also young activists who have been protesting in Ferguson, or here in New York. They came up with some terrific recommendations about collecting data on what happens when there s a shooting involving police, what are we doing in terms of things like body cameras, and so there s some very practical, concrete things we can do to make the system work better. Read more: Breitbart",0
15743,MOOCH SAYS BLACK KIDS AREN’T AS WELCOME IN MUSEUMS AS WHITE KIDS,"Our First Lady has taken time out from her self-appointed role as America s Food Nazi to fulfill her new role as  First Propagandist  in Obama s coordinated Race War on America First lady Michelle Obama used a speech Monday that was supposed to be celebrating the opening of a new museum to instead dig deeper the racial divide that s been growing ever wider during her husband s presidency.  Museums and concert halls,  she said, just don t welcome non-white visitors   especially children   the way they welcome whites. Speaking at the new Whitney museum in New York City s meat packing district last week, Obama said she grew up thinking that museums were not places  for someone who looks like me.   You see, there are so many kids in this country who look at places like museums and concert halls and other cultural centers and they think to themselves, well, that s not a place for me, for someone who looks like me, for someone who comes from my neighborhood. In fact, I guarantee you that right now, there are kids living less than a mile from here who would never in a million years dream that they would be welcome in this museum.  And growing up on the South Side of Chicago, I was one of those kids myself. So I know that feeling of not belonging in a place like this. And today, as first lady, I know how that feeling limits the horizons of far too many of our young people. According to Twitchy, Obama s remarks went largely unnoticed outside of the event, until a local radio host reported on  Museums as White Spaces. The first lady likely won t be answering that question any time soon. The tone of her speech was eerily similar to her husband s remarks during the launch of My Brother s Keeper Alliance in New York City on Monday. In the wake of racial tension and turmoil that has prompted riots throughout the country, President Obama unleashed some of his most overt commentary on race yet, as documented by Twitchy. Via: BizPacReview",0
15744,Je Suis HYPOCRITES: FREE SPEECH IS EMBRACED WHEN INNOCENT PEOPLE ARE MURDERED IN FRANCE…Free Speech Is Condemned (BY EVERY MEDIA OUTLET INCLUDING FOX NEWS) When Muslim Terrorists Are Killed In America [VIDEO],"Sooo when terrorists attack Je Suis Charlie, a French newspaper (who makes a living mocking religion) and kills innocent people working for the publication, the world stands tall in support of free speech. When an American hosts a  Draw Muhammed  contest in Texas and two terrorists (who were plotting to kill innocent Americans) are killed just before their plot to kill innocent Americans exercising their free speech rights, the organizer and attendants are criticized for inciting and even inviting violence. Can someone explain how this is not hypocrisy?In truth perhaps I was not  Charlie . After all, I wasn t a religion-attacking atheist. Truth to tell, in the story of Charlie Hebdo, many left out that the cartoon magazine was something that we might call a  liberal rag . It was often offensive and frequently unfunny with attacks on religion, and it didn t limit its criticism to Islam, actually attacking Christianity more. Some even believed it anti-Semitic. Deliberately, purposely provocative.And yet, even though I was none of those things, I was  Charlie . Not because I agreed with any of it. But precisely because I didn t. Because even the provocative offensive speech by assholes, to paraphrase Jeffrey Goldberg of the Atlantic, is protected. Especially the provocative speech, the minority speech, that which offends, that which many may not like. Because the government doesn t have the right to shut down offensive speech for being offensive and neither do terrorists with AK-47s. You do not have the right to kill over a cartoon.Much of the world seemed to agree, leaders linking arms in Paris, being Charlie. Media in the U.S was also generally sympathetic, many pieces running  Je Suis Charlie  in headers.Yet here we are today, a few months later. A similar situation, where Americans exercise their First Amendment right to draw  offensive  cartoons of Muhammad. Yet where are the crowds of media saying  Je Suis Garland ? Where are the crowds of media condemning the attack on free speech? Where are the crowds of media, highlighting even just the fact that this was immediately apparent ISIS-endorsed attack on the United States?WATCH FOX NEWS  MARTHA MacCallum ATTACK EVENT ORGANIZER PAMELA GELLAR FOR ORGANIZING AN EVENT THAT MAY HAVE BEEN CONTROVERSIAL:https://youtu.be/mnMRFSg8i2sInstead, what we have is some, like NY Times reporter Rukmini Callamachi and even McClatchy News, in scary fashion, asking when is  provocative speech   too much  and attacking the people who held the event in Garland, more than calling out the terrorists.McClatchy even discusses whether  charges  should be brought against the organizers of the Garland event.So why the difference here for media? Because the group was one they didn t like in a state for which they didn t care with a better result than Paris because of, well, guns?And where has the Federal government s response been to an ISIS-claimed attack on American soil? President Obama hasn t even mentioned it. The press secretary made a fairly perfunctory comment about  violence  not being the proper response to expression even if offensive. One might have thought he was speaking of a video, rather than an Islamist terror attack on the United States. Again, no mention of ISIS, Islamists or terrorism. Meanwhile the President has managed to go on Letterman, to golf and to attend Democratic fundraisers.In the words of Mr. Goldberg, who gets to define what is provocative?I don t know if I would agree with everything Mr. Goldberg writes, but I would defend his right to say it, even if he were provocative. Vox calls the Garland event  hate speech . I think much of what Vox says is hate speech. Who gets to decide? I have multiple options to object to the content by protest and by pen, that is the benefit of being an American. As Mr. Goldberg notes, Iran has a Holocaust cartoon contest every year, basically catering to Holocaust deniers. Are they attacked? No, they are laughed at, they are belittled.Either we are all in or we are not. Either we believe in what we say we do, or we do not. But if we do not, if we allow  offense  or political difference to limit that protected speech, if we start to suggest as some of these writers do, what speech should or should not be  allowed , we move down the slippery slope to the rule of the mob, to the rule of the despot. In an ever-growing media state, where already, even the slightest offense is often seized on and may result in the prevailing view hounding a person from his/her job for differing, this is a frightening thought.Via: Weasel Zippers",0
15745,"TAKE A NUMBER, YOU’RE GONNA BE HERE A WHILE…Remember When Barack Promised Number Of Emergency Room Visits Would Decrease With Obamacare?","Add another lie to an exhaustive list of Obama lies Emergency-room visits continue to rise in the second year of Obamacare, the Wall Street Journal reports.The visits are up despite claims by President Obama that the law would reduce emergency-room visits because Obamacare would increase access to other kinds of care. There was a grand theory the law would reduce ER visits,  Dr. Howard Mell, a spokesman for the American College of Emergency Physicians, told the Journal.  Well, guess what, it hasn t happened. Visits are going up despite the ACA, and in a lot of cases because of it. Emergency-room visits continued to climb in the second year of the Affordable Care Act, contradicting the law s supporters who had predicted a decline in traffic as more people gained access to doctors and other health-care providers.A survey of 2,098 emergency-room doctors conducted in March showed about three-quarters said visits had risen since January 2014. That was a significant uptick from a year earlier, when less than half of doctors surveyed reported an increase. The survey by the American College of Emergency Physicians is scheduled to be published Monday.Medicaid recipients newly insured under the health law are struggling to get appointments or find doctors who will accept their coverage, and consequently wind up in the ER, ACEP said. Volume might also be increasing due to hospital and emergency-department closures a long-standing trend.Via: Washington Free Beacon",0
15746,LEFTIST ALAN COLMES THINKS WE SHOULD STOP “USING” THE NATIONAL ANTHEM AT SPORTING EVENTS,"Remember when the left would have been ashamed to say singing  The Star Spangled Banner  was considered a  false display of patriotism? Jamie Foxx is being heavily criticized for his performance of  The Star-Spangled Banner  at Saturday night s fight. How about stopping this false display of patriotism altogether? What does two people beating the bejesus out of each other have to do with  the rockets red glare  and  bombs bursting in air ?Here s racist Jamie Foxx s version of  The Star Spangled Banner In fact, what does this song have to do with today s America in the first place? The melody is based on an old English drinking song, has images of war, and is impossible to sing. And, contrary to what one might think based on exposure to it, the last two words are not  play ball! In the case of the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight, the anthem and the whole event celebrated and rewarded an abuser of women. At least seven assaults against five women have resulted in citations, not to mention other times police were called but no charges were filed. We re glorifying a violent sport and using our national anthem to sanctify it.Let s once and for all confine this song to military exercises and classrooms. Better yet, let s choose a better national anthem, like  America the Beautiful  or  This Land Is Your Land.  Here s an even better idea: Since we re a nation of immigrants, how about  America  from West Side Story, which would also celebrate a great American composer, Leonard Bernstein? And let s hope Mr. Mayweather takes some of his millions and donates it to women s shelters.Via: Huffington Post",0
15747,BLACK REPUBLICAN AND BRILLIANT NEUROSURGEON ANNOUNCES RUN FOR PREZ: Huffington Post Places Story Next To Story About Dog Living In Tree Trunk, ,0
15748,FROM THE RELIGION OF PEACE: ISIS Babies…A Whole New Generation Of Hate And Oppression,"The future of jihad appears to be alive and well Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered reported:The image appears to have originally been posted on the Twitter account of an ISIS sympathizer whose other posts include.The image comes days after another RIBSS activist posted a picture of a baby sleeping next to a grenade, a handgun and what appears to be a birth certificate.It was uploaded by Abu Ward Al-Raqqawi, a self-proclaimed  founder of the Syrian revolution , with the warning:  This child will be risk to you not just to us .The images bear strong similarities to earlier ISIS propaganda which attempt to radicalise the next generation of jihadis.Via: Gateway Pundit ",0
15749,(VIDEO) BALTIMORE MAYOR REOPENS LOOTED MALL: TELLS VENDORS THEY’RE MAKING A “GREAT INVESTMENT” BY STAYING, ,0
15750,[VIDEO] OBAMA ANGERS BALTIMORE FIREFIGHTERS WITH LIE ABOUT “One Fire” DURING RIOTS: Actual Number of Riot Fires Is Shocking,"He just can t help himself  This is what happens when you elect a racist community organizer as your  President.  Barry knows exactly what he s doing right now. Every word and every action is calculated and carefully orchestrated with other racists in his regime. Americans need to share stories like these to stop the bleed before it gets even more out of control How does he do it? How does Barack Obama manage to insult and pi$$ off one group after another of working Americans?President Obama took time Tuesday during his press conference with the Japanese Prime Minister to discuss the situation in Baltimore after the rioting and looting on Monday.Obama accused the media of looping one burning building for sensationalism.Point number four, the violence that happened yesterday distracted from the fact that you had seen multiple days of peaceful protests that were focused on entirely legitimate concerns of these communities in Baltimore. Led by clergy and community leaders, and they were constructive and they were thoughtful, and frankly, didn t get that much attention.And one burning building will be looped on television over and over and over again, and the thousands of demonstrators who did it the right way, I think, have been lost in the discussion.It s not clear which burning building he was talking about  There were 159 fires set on Monday night by  peaceful  protesters in Baltimore.The International Association of Fire Fighters asked President Obama on Friday,  Which one? Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15751,BREAKING: BALTIMORE GOT BUCKET LOADS OF MONEY FROM OBAMA’S STIMULUS…YOU REALLY WON’T BELIEVE HOW MUCH!,"Holy smokes! That s billion with a B! Where did all the money go?! Hummmm The city of Baltimore received over $1.8 billion from President Barack Obama s stimulus law, including $467.1 million to invest in education and $26.5 million for crime prevention.President Obama claimed last Tuesday that if the Republican-controlled Congress would implement his policies to make  massive investments in urban communities,  they could  make a difference right now  in the city, currently in upheaval following the death of Freddie Gray.However, a Washington Free Beacon analysis found that the Obama administration and Democratically-controlled Congress did make a  massive  investment into Baltimore, appropriating $1,831,768,487 though the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act (ARRA), commonly known as the stimulus.According to Recovery.gov, one of Baltimore s central ZIP codes, 21201, received the most stimulus funding in the city, a total of $837,955,866. The amount included funding for 276 awards, and the website reports that the spending had created 290 jobs in the fourth quarter in 2013.Of this amount, $467.1 million went to education; $206.1 million to the environment; $24 million to  family ; $16.1 million to infrastructure; $15.2 million to transportation; $11.9 million to housing; and $3.1 million to job training.ZIP code 21202 received $425,170,937, including a $136 million grant to  improve teaching and learning for students most at risk of failing to meet State academic achievement standards. Twenty-nine other ZIP codes listed in Baltimore city received a total of $568,641,684.The Free Beacon calculated the total amount of stimulus funds disbursed to all ZIP codes in Baltimore City, as reported on the stimulus website Recovery.gov. The analysis includes the totals of awards to prime recipients in Baltimore, plus sub-recipient awards to Baltimore organizations and companies that conducted stimulus projects located outside the city.The projects included $26.5 million from the Justice Department (DOJ) to combat gang activity and provide community support for at-risk juveniles. The State of MD Governor s Office of Crime Control & Prevention (GOCCP) goals and objectives of this project are to create and retain jobs to bolster Maryland s faltering economy, and make resources available to law enforcement and other public safety agencies to help protect Maryland citizens,  the project s description states.Read more: WFB",0
15752,(VIDEO) ALAN DERSHOWITZ – SAD DAY FOR JUSTICE – BALTIMORE PROSECUTOR OVERCHARGED AND IDENTIFIED WITH PROTESTERS," You re At Forefront Of This Cause And As Young People, Our Time Is Now    PROSECUTER MALTBY",0
15753,CLINTON CHARITIES RAKED IN TAXPAYER DOLLARS IN THE MILLIONS,"This is like one big slush fund for Hillary 2016. The Clintons not only collected millions from foreign donors, they also rake in $7 million in taxpayer dollars. Really outrageous! The Clinton Foundation and its major health charity have raked in more than $7 million from the U.S. government in recent years, according to an analysis of public records conducted by the Washington Free Beacon.The Clinton Health Access Initiative (CHAI), chaired by Bill Clinton and run by the former president s long-time associate Ira Magaziner, has received $6,010,898 from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) since 2010. CHAI, the biggest arm of the Clinton family s charitable efforts, accounting for 60 percent of all spending, received $3,193,500 in fiscal years 2010, 2011, and 2012, according to federal contracts, during Hillary Clinton s tenure as secretary of state. The organization received an additional $2,817,398 from the CDC in FYs 2013, 2014, and 2015.The grants, including $200,000 awarded as recently as January, have gone to CHAI s Global AIDS program, and are filed under  Global Health and Child Survival.  The CDC is listed as a $1 to $10 million contributor to CHAI, according to its donor list released earlier this month.The Boston-based health arm of the Clinton Foundation has come under scrutiny for failing to disclose donations from foreign governments in violation of a pledge Clinton made to the Obama administration before she assumed office as secretary of state.A Reuters report found that the health initiative stopped making its annual disclosure in 2010 and that  no complete list of donors to the Clintons  charities has been published  since. The group only recently published a partial donor list, which its spokesperson Maura Daley told Reuters  made up for  CHAI s  oversight  of failing to meet the disclosure agreement.When asked whether the CDC has any concern regarding its funding of CHAI or plans to provide grants to the organization in the future, an agency spokesperson told the Washington Free Beacon that it  can t predict who will apply for and be awarded grants. CDC and potential grantees must follow federal guidelines when applying for or awarding and monitoring grants,  said Shelly Diaz.  CHAI, like any other organization meeting federal requirements, may apply for CDC grants. They would also be expected to meet the same ongoing requirements for grantees (e.g. reports, audits, performance standards). CHAI received hundreds of millions from foreign nations between 2009 and 2014, including: the United Kingdom ($79.7 million), Australia ($58.6 million), Norway ($38.1 million), Canada ($12.1 million), Ireland ($11.7 million), Sweden ($7.2 million), and New Zealand ($1.2 million).The Boston Globe found that foreign donations  sharply accelerated  to CHAI when Hillary Clinton became secretary of state.Read more: WFB",0
15754,STATE’S ATTORNEY LIED: BALTIMORE POLICE HAD PROBABLE CAUSE DUE TO A WARRANT FOR GRAY’S ARREST,Marilyn Mosby held a press conference today in which she said police officers had no probable cause to arrest Freddie Gray. That s a lie  Freddie Gray had an active warrant out for his arrest so Baltimore police had every reason to bring him in.,0
15755,BALTIMORE POLICE UNION WANTS AN INDEPENDANT PROSECUTOR: MOSBY HAS CONNECTIONS TO FREDDIE GRAY FAMILY,"The Police Union came out almost immediately after the Mosby press conference today with a response against her assessment of the Freddie Gray Case. They are fighting back against the claim that the 6 officers did anything wrong during the arrest and transport of Mr. Gray.Fraternal Order of Police lodge is asking Baltimore State s Attorney Marilyn Mosby to appoint a special prosecutor to the Freddie Gray investigation because of her personal connection to the Gray family s attorney, William H.  Billy  Murphy Jr., and her marriage to a city councilman. Not one of the officers involved in this tragic situation left home in the morning with the anticipation that someone with whom they interacted would not go home that night,  the letter states.  As tragic as this situation is, none of the officers involved are responsible for the death of Mr. Gray. Ryan requests that Mosby appoint a  Special Independent Prosecutor. I have very deep concerns about the many conflicts of interest presented by your office conducting an investigation in this case,  the letter states. These conflicts include your personal and professional relations with Gray family attorney, William Murphy, and the lead prosecutor s connections with members of the local media,  the letter states.  Based on several nationally televised interviews, these reporters are likely to be witnesses in any potential litigation regarding this incident. Via: Baltimore Sun",0
15756,(VIDEO) MADNESS IN THE STREETS: OVER 100 COPS HURT IN BALTIMORE AS OBAMA’S PLAN FOR CHAOS SPREADS,"Bill O Reilly isn t my favorite and can be belligerently wrong sometimes but this rant is spot on:  The truth is   we don t know what happened to Mr. Gray. The same way we did not know what happened in Ferguson, MO,  O Reilly said, going on to make the point that it is irresponsible for people to make judgments about what happened before all the facts are known. The litany of excuse-making is excruciating. The rioters are angry because America s a country of mass incarceration. People who burn down buildings and loot are just misdirected folks who feel hopeless. And if you feel hopeless, it s okay to riot. You see   it s really not the fault of those who commit crimes. It s the fault of America because we don t provide jobs for everyone. Instead of pinpointing the real problem, and trying to solve it, you get crazy theories that attempt to provide justification for Americans hurting other Americans. If you can t make big money   go ahead and sell heroin. No problem!Here s the truth. How could anyone provide a job that pays adecent salary to someone who can t read or write? To someone who can t speak basic English? To someone who has tattoos all over their body   who s defiant, disrespectful   doesn t even want to work because they have a sense of entitlement that says they re victims and YOU owe me. Does that sound like a good job-seeking resume to you? And don t tell me those folks don t exist. They re legion.So these politicians   out on the street trying to justify rioting by saying that we don t provide jobs   are dishonest in the extreme. If you get educated and are willing to work hard   you can get a job. It may not be the best paying job at first, but you work your way up! OFFICERS HURT SINCE VIOLENCE BROKE OUT IN BALTIMORE:Nearly 100 officers have been hurt since violence broke out in the city on Monday, Baltimore Police said. Capt. Eric Kowalczyk said Thursday afternoon that more than 40 officers required some sort of treatment at the hospital. Protesters have been throwing bricks, bottles and other items at officers trying to contain demonstrations after the death of Freddie Gray, a black man who suffered critical injuries while he was in police custody.  I m Just a Regular Guy From Baltimore : Amateur Photographer Shot Time s Poignant Protest Cover Kowalczyk also said that more than half of the people detained during Monday s riots have been released without charges. He said 201 people were arrested during the riots and 106 of them were subsequently released after 48 hours because specific charges couldn t be filed. He said police are reviewing surveillance footage and expect to charge many of those people once their identities have been confirmed.MARC THIESSEN:  You ve got a mayor who is constantly backing off in the face of rioters and looters [ ] all of the sudden they re  young people who need support.  The rioters don t need support. The people of Baltimore need support. The people with their businesses destroyed need support. A 51-year-old man was found dead in the cab of a tractor trailer, about a block away from where a crowd of police, protesters and reporters gathered just before the citywide curfew went into effect Thursday night, police said.The man was not identified, and police labeled his death  suspicious.  Officers found the body, which showed no obvious signs of trauma or foul play, in the 2500 block of Pennsylvania Ave. at about 9:30 p.m., police said.Meanwhile  Five people were shot in Baltimore Thursday night as the violence in west Baltimore surges.Police also identified two men who were fatally shot Wednesday in Baltimore: Andre Hunt, 28, of the 600 block of Woodgreen Circle was fatally shot in the 3800 block of Liberty Heights Ave.  Davon William Johnson, 26, was killed in the 500 block of Edgewood St. He lived in the block, police said.Don t expect any protests for these two. Only very few black lives seem to matter.Read more: GATEWAY PUNDIT",0
15757,CHANGING HIS TUNE: THE MAN WHO WAS IN THE POLICE VAN WITH FREDDIE GRAY BREAKS HIS SILENCE,"So now that this guy fears for his life he s backtracking on the story he told or is he?This is such a mess and so convoluted that I doubt we ll ever get answers. This entire thing really is a sideshow to the bigger agenda of the Obama administration. Federalizing the police force is next From the beginning, the investigation into what killed Freddie Gray has centered on what happened inside the police transport van. We knew there was another prisoner inside the van and tonight we hear from him. WJZ s Mike Schuh is the first to speak with Donta Allen about what he heard. I am Donta Allen. I am the one who was in the van with Freddie Gray,  Allen said. The one who the police commissioner calls the second prisoner in the van.  The second prisoner who was picked up said that he didn t see any harm done to Freddie at all,  Commissioner Anthony Batts said.  What he has said is that he heard Freddie thrashing about.  But Allen wants to set something straight.  All I did was go straight to the station, but I heard a little banging like he was banging his head,  he said. He tells WJZ he s angry about an internal police report published in The Washington Post.  And they trying to make it seem like I told them that, I made it like Freddie Gray did that to hisself (sic),  Allen said.  Why the [expletive] would he do that to hisself (sic)?  Allen was in the van because he allegedly stole a cigarette from a store on North Avenue. He was never charged. Instead he was brought straight to the station.  I talked to homicide. I told homicide the same story.  Allen said. A story he says is being distorted and now he fears being killed.  I had two options today right, either come and talk to y all and get my credibility straight with ya ll and not get killed by these [expletive] or not tell a true story,  Allen added.  The only reason I m doing this is because they put my name in a bad state.  His statements are included in a police report that was today turned over to the city state s attorney Marilyn Mosby. Via: Baltimore CBS Local",0
15758,GUESS WHERE THE BALTIMORE SCHOOL SYSTEM RANKS AMONG THE NATION’S 100 LARGEST SCHOOL DISTRICTS?,"Holy smokes! Could someone tell Obama he doesn t need to dump more money into the Baltimore school system. I think they need to point the finger somewhere else The Baltimore school system ranked second among the nation s 100 largest school districts in how much it spent per pupil in fiscal year 2011, according to data released Tuesday by the U.S. Census Bureau.The city s $15,483 per-pupil expenditure was second to New York City s $19,770. Rounding out the top five were Montgomery County, which spent $15,421; Milwaukee public schools at $14,244; and Prince George s County public schools, which spent $13,775.The Census Bureau also noted the first decrease in per-pupil spending nationally since 1977, the year the figures were first tracked.The per-pupil expenditures were calculated based on taking the districts  current spending on day-to-day operations and deducting payments to charter schools and capital funding. The remaining money was divided by the number of students enrolled in traditional schools. The amounts were not adjusted for inflation.Baltimore schools CEO Andr s Alonso said the city s total could have reflected large infusions of cash to the district, including millions in federal stimulus dollars and federal Race to the Top funds.He also credited state lawmakers for maintaining funding. As many states pulled back on spending, with many districts losing funding, Maryland held the line on education, which is why you see three districts at or near the top,  he said.On Monday, the school board passed a $1.2 billion budget that includes per-pupil funding of $5,190. That amount is different from what the Census Bureau reported because the school system takes out other expenses, such as transportation costs and special-education services, before allocating money to individual schools. In addition, the school system provides extra funding for certain groups of students, such as those in special education and dropout-prevention programs.Via: Baltimore Sun",0
15759,BREAKING: FREDDIE GRAY HEAD INJURY MATCHES BOLT ON DOOR OF TRANSPORT VAN,"This answers questions but also raises many more questions in this case. Why did the van stop four times? The police van driver hasn t given testimony yet so perhaps he can shed some light on what happened to Freddie Gray An investigation into the death of Baltimore resident Freddie Gray has found no evidence that his fatal injuries were caused during the videotaped arrest and interaction with police officers, according to multiple law enforcement sources.The sources spoke to ABC7 News after being briefed on the findings of a police report turned over to prosecutors on Thursday.  Sources said the medical examiner found Gray s catastrophic injury was caused when he slammed into the back of the police transport van, apparently breaking his neck; a head injury he sustained matches a bolt in the back of the van.Details surrounding exactly what caused Gray to slam into the back of the van was unclear. The officer driving the van has yet to give a statement to authorities. It s also unclear whether Gray s head injury was voluntary or was a result of some other action.The medical examiner s office declined to comment on this open investigation and said it does not release preliminary findings. Via: WJLA",0
15760,"BREAKING VIDEO: “RELAX, RELAX!” AL SHARPTON GETS PHYSICAL WITH REPORTER JUST TRYING TO ASK QUESTIONS", ,0
15761,BREAKING: TEXAS COP STABBED 14 TIMES By Man Who “had a desire to kill a police officer”,"Who knew that in our  First Black President s  second term killing cops would be all the rage in the black community? A Houston Community College police officer has survived an assassination attempt after being stabbed by her assailant 14 times. The officer was saved by civilians who stepped in and stopped the attacker. The attacker told investigators he did this to get back at police for their brutality. A spokesman from the family said it might be related to the Baltimore riots.Officer April Pikes remains in critical condition at Houston s Ben Taub Hospital, a public relations official at the Houston Police Department said to Breitbart Texas. Her alleged attacker, Jeremiah M. Matthews, 23, was pulled off of her by a group of men while he was stabbing her and attempting to grab her pistol, according to a statement from HPD obtained by Breitbart Texas.Harris County prosecutors said that Matthews told them  he had the intent to attack a police officer and his desire to kill a police officer,  according to a Click2Houston.com report. One of the witnesses, Abe Baker, who helped stop the attack said,  I saw him on her, just stabbing her. I wasn t really thinking,  Baker said.  His arm was just up getting ready to stab her and I just grabbed his arm and took him down, and that s when everybody else came over and we all just took him down. The HPD statement revealed that Matthews stabbed her several times before he was tackled and disarmed. The statement says he was attempting to gain control of her duty weapon. After taking down the suspect, the good Samaritans used the officer s handcuffs to detain Matthews until other police officers arrived and arrested him.The Click2Houston report states that Pike may lose her right arm. She was stabbed repeatedly in her right arm and torso.The scene of the attack was a Walmart located in Meyerland (Southwest Houston), where Pikes was working an approved off-duty security job. Pikes was in uniform when she was attacked. He was in an upbeat mood, whistling and he had a fast pace, walking fast,  Baker said of the assailant, who was smiling and cheerful right up until the moment he began his surprise attack. He does have a diagnostic history of mental illness in the past. To what degree that played into what happened, we don t know,  local community activist Deric Muhammad said, speaking on behalf of the Matthews family. He said it is possible that Matthews was inspired by the riots in Baltimore Monday night.The weapon was described as a hunting knife in a report by Fox26Houston s Kristine Galvan. That was an innocent woman. She had family, loved ones,  Abe Baker told Galvan.  That s someone s life and everyone s life counts and matters. Baker said he stopped by the Walmart on a late-night errand to pick up some laundry soap, and came to the rescue when he heard Pikes  screams. His quick action, and the response of the other men, probably saved her life. I want to offer my condolences to the victim,  said Vanessa Johnson, Matthews  mother, in the Fox26 video.  As a mother this is painful. I wish her a speedy recovery. My heart and prayers are going out to her and their entire family. The HPD statement from Wednesday morning states that Matthews has been charged with Attempted Capital Murder. His case has been assigned to the 182nd State District Court, which is presided over by Judge Jeannine Barr.Via: Breitbart News",0
15762,THIS IS RICH! COMMIE NYC MAYOR UNLEASHES CLASS WAR ON SCOTT WALKER FROM SWANKY PRIVATE CLUB,"New York Mayor Bill de Blasio traveled to Milwaukee to attend a fundraiser where he delivered a blistering speech attacking Scott Walker and the wealthy. Governor Walker is part of a dangerous breed of Republicans, a group actively working to dismantle the foundation for middle-class life. Now listen,  he told attendees, according to the transcript,  I m not saying Scott Walker set out to destroy Wisconsin s middle class. But if that were his mission, I can t think of a (darn) thing he d had done differently! It s no wonder why the latest polls show Governor Walker s approval sinking to new lows. The people of Wisconsin can see beyond his pleasant smile and reassuring words. He tries to play the everyman   then he stabs the everyman in the back. Mayor de Blasio s event was held at the exclusive and private Milwaukee Athletic Club (pictured above). According to Orbitz:The Milwaukee Athletic Club is a private city club located in the heart of downtown Milwaukee .Built in 1917, the historic club sits on the corner of Broadway and Mason streets. The 12 floors house 17 meeting rooms including the stunning Grand Ballroom, restaurants, bars, 60 hotel rooms, separate athletic facilities for men and women, co-ed fitness studio, pilates studio, yoga studio and babysitting room Swanky!Read more: GATEWAY PUNDIT",0
15763,BREAKING: LEFTIST DEMOCRAT MAYOR ORDERED BALTIMORE POLICE TO STAND DOWN [Video],"A source involved in the enforcement efforts confirmed there was a direct order from the mayor to her police chief, as riots broke out on Monday night to stand down.Despite a firm denial by Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake, a senior law enforcement source charges that she gave an order for police to stand down as riots broke out Monday night, raising more questions about whether some of the violence and looting could have been prevented.The source, who is involved in the enforcement efforts, confirmed to Fox News there was a direct order from the mayor to her police chief Monday night, effectively tying the hands of officers as they were pelted with rocks and bottles.Asked directly if the mayor was the one who gave that order, the source said:  You are God damn right it was. The claim follows criticism of the mayor for, over the weekend, saying they were giving space to those who  wished to destroy. By Tuesday night, despite the chaos a day earlier, Baltimore police along with the National Guard and other law enforcement contingents seemed to be restoring order in the city, which was under a curfew overnight.Rawlings-Blake has defended her handling of the unrest, which grew out of protests over the death of Freddie Gray while in police custody.The mayor, in an interview with Fox News  Bill Hemmer on Tuesday, denied any order was issued to hold back on Monday. You have to understand, it is not holding back. It is responding appropriately,  she said, saying there was no stand-down directive.She said her critics have a right to their opinion.Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan on Monday suggested the mayor also waited too long to request a state of emergency.That followed criticism over her remarks over the weekend, when she said it s important to give protesters the opportunity to exercise their right to free speech.She seemed to take that notion a step further:  It s a very delicate balancing act, because, while we tried to make sure that they were protected from the cars and the other things that were going on, we also gave those who wished to destroy space to do that as well. As her  destroy  remarks faced a buzzsaw of criticism amid the riots Monday, the mayor initially tried to deny she said them. I never said nor would I ever say that we are giving people space to destroy our city, so my words should not be twisted,  the mayor said Monday.In a press conference, she accused critics of a  blatant mischaracterization. But her office eventually released a written statement acknowledging she said those words   while attempting to explain them.Via: FOX News",0
15764,BREAKING: VIOLENCE ERUPTS (AGAIN) IN FERGUSON…TWO PEOPLE SHOT [Video],"FERGUSON PART II:  Police are having a difficult time investigating because of the rocks being thrown at them. Baltimore and Ferguson are one in the same. They re organized by radical leftist groups, funded by radical leftist organizations andAt least two people were shot in separate incidents in Ferguson, Missouri, on late Tuesday and early Wednesday as hundreds of demonstrators gathered in support of protests in Baltimore.More gunshots. pic.twitter.com/qpqmVatFM5  Antonio French (@AntonioFrench) April 29, 2015 Police are having a difficult time investigating because of the rocks being thrown at them,  said Jeff Small, a spokesman for the city of Ferguson.  At this point police are not sure if the (shootings are) linked to the protest or not.  St. Louis Alderman Antonio French posted video on his Twitter account. Multiple gunshots can be heard as people flee in panic. Via: CNN Happening now in #Ferguson pic.twitter.com/GXHUXyyY2L   Antonio French (@AntonioFrench) April 29, 2015 ",0
15765,"BREAKING: CHARITY FAILED TO REVEAL 1,100 DONORS TO THE CLINTON FOUNDATION","More and more dirt on these two grifters who re shockingly still denying the truth or saying nothing to defend themselves. They have pocketed most of the donations with only 15 cents of every dollar donated going to charity. And now this  A charity affiliated with the Clinton Foundation failed to reveal the identities of its 1,100 donors, creating a broad exception to the foundation s promise to disclose funding sources as part of an ethics agreement with the Obama administration.The number of undisclosed contributors to the charity, the Canada-based Clinton Giustra Enterprise Partnership, signals a larger zone of secrecy around foundation donors than was previously known.Details of the organization s fundraising were disclosed this week by a spokeswoman for the Canadian group s founder, mining magnate Frank Giustra.The Canadian group has received attention in recent days as a potential avenue for anonymous Clinton Foundation donations from foreign business executives, including some who had interests before the U.S. government while Hillary Rodham Clinton was secretary of state.The partnership, named in part for Bill Clinton, sends much of its money to the New York-based Clinton Foundation. Two of the partnership s known donors   Giustra and another mining executive, Ian Telfer   are featured in the soon-to-be-released book  Clinton Cash  for their roles in a series of deals that resulted in Russia controlling many uranium deposits around the world and in the United States.With the foundation s finances emerging as an issue for Hillary Clinton s presidential campaign, a foundation official this week defended the arrangement with the Giustra group, noting in a blog post that Canadian law prevents charities in that country from disclosing their donors without the donors  permission.The Canadian partnership has in recent days begun to reach out to its 28 largest donors, each of whom gave donations equivalent to at least $250,000 in U.S. dollars, to seek permission to release their names, said a person familiar with the foundation, who was not authorized to speak publicly about the matter.The large number of undisclosed supporters of a Clinton-affiliated charity raises new questions about the foundation s adherence to the 2008 ethics agreement it struck with the Obama administration, which was designed to avoid conflicts of interest during Hillary Clinton s tenure at the State Department.Read more: WaPo",0
15766,"GANGSTA GOV ATTEMPTS SHAKEDOWN OF GIANT MORTGAGE COMPANY, Quicken Loans…Owner Stands His Ground","Quicken Loans owner, Dan Gilbert is one of the most beloved business owners in the state of MI. Their headquarters are located in the city of Detroit (where people in the suburbs don t typically travel unless they have to). Owner, Dan Gilbert gives back to the city of Detroit and to its residents in a huge way, not the least of which is employing over 7,000 people in their Detroit offices. In 2014, Fortune Magazine named Quicken Loans a  Top 5 Place To Work  for the 11th straight year. When asked what made Quicken Loans such a great place to work, Fortune gave this answer: America s largest online-lending company offers cash incentives to its staff to move to downtown Detroit. According to Salary.com, mortgage bankers in Southeast Michigan average $50,000 a year, but those at Quicken earn $113,000. None of that matters to a corrupt government however, who has a history of shaking down banks. This time however, the goons in our Justice Department may have targeted the wrong business owner.Detroit s own Quicken Loans is the latest target of the Justice Department s shakedown of the nation s lenders.Justice s goons have been systematically extorting protection money from big banks and mortgage lenders, under the threat of federal fraud lawsuits and prison time for their executives.The department s modus operandi would be worthy of racketeering charges if carried out by civilian mobsters.First, the Obama administration whips up a blame-the-banks fervor after the financial collapse. Then, armed with federal fraud statutes adopted after the savings and loan meltdown in the 1980s, it scours the transactions of lenders to find hints of irregularities. It extrapolates from the skimpiest evidence a pattern of widespread abuse, and if needed, frightens insiders into coughing up creative accusations against their employers.With its  proof  in hand, Justice presents institutions with a choice   pay a large and painful fine to make the investigation go away, or try their luck at a jury trial in an environment in which the words  bankers  and  baby killers  register about the same revulsion.The nation s six largest banks have all crumbled, choosing to pay $136 billion in fines and admit their  wrongdoing  rather than get their legs broken.Quicken, owned by Dan Gilbert, has decided not to cower, at least for the moment. Instead of paying protection money, it filed a lawsuit to stop a three-year investigation. Thursday, the government responded by filing charges against Quicken, accusing it of submitting ineligible mortgages for FHA insurance.In its complaint, Quicken says Justice demanded a multi-billion dollar settlement based on a sampling of just 55 of the 246,000 loans issued. Defects, according to the lawsuit, include miscalculating a borrower s income by $17 and lending another $26 too much. In those meager mistakes, Justice sees systemic fraud.Trace evidence is all the Obama administration requires to put banks on the rack. To cinch a settlement, Justice adds the threat of criminal charges against individual executives.Quicken s lawsuit accuses the government of  investigating and pressuring large, high-profile lenders into paying nine- and 10-figure sums and publicly admitting wrongdoing, including conceding that the lenders had made false claims.  That s an exellent summary of Justice s racket.Requiring a public admission of wrongdoing, instead of allowing institutions to settle without acknowledging guilt, as is common practice, leaves open the possibility of future criminal action against executives, assuring that they don t squawk publicly.Gilbert is a different cat than Justice has crossed on Wall Street. Detroit street tough, he doesn t take to being bullied. Of course, the government has a lot of pressure points it can mash. Gilbert is in the gaming business, a highly regulated industry, and the administration is not above targeting his casinos.But I hope he hangs in there. This government has gone gangster, and unless someone takes a stand, it won t be just the big bankers who get pinched.Via: Nolan Finley, Detroit News",0
15767,[VIDEO] LEFTIST CNN ANCHOR TELLS RACIST US REP THE #BaltimoreRiots Are Vets Fault “They come back from war…and they’re ready to do battle”,"Whiskey, Tango, Hotel   Don t worry, Brooke clarified her ludicrous statement by saying:  These veterans are coming back from war and they just don t know their communities.  Yeah okay thanks for clarifying Brooke Radical leftist and open racist, Democrat Rep. Elijah Cummings appears to have the answer however, he s got the DOJ involved in an investigation from  top to bottom  of the Baltimore Police Department. Once their shake-down is complete, the racist crackers will be outed, they ll be fired  and everyone can go back to business. As usual, where s there s a Democrat, there s a taxpayer funded government solution As if it s not hard enough to have to watch racist Democrat, US Rep. Elijah Cummings offer his  expert opinion  on the Baltimore riots/race war he s just giddy about we now have to listen to leftist CNN  reporter  Brooke Baldwin tell us these riots are the fault of our returning US Veterans How much more idiocy can America take? Here s a great example of a courageous US Veteran who stood tall last night in the face of a large group of thugs who were threatening the Baltimore Police with rocks and other projectiles.  Is this who you were referring to Brooke?Here s the original interview with US Rep. Elijah Cummins:After more than a year of CNN pouring gasoline all over America with hysterical, and oftentimes phony, stories of American racism, the left-wing network s afternoon anchor Brooke Baldwin finally took it to the next level by blaming American veterans for the Baltimore riots.In a pathetic suck-up interview with Democrat Congressman Elijah Cummins, Baldwin never once had the moral courage to ask the failed Baltimore City congressman if the left-wing policies ushered in by a half-century of a Democrat monopoly in Baltimore might have something to do with the city s ills. Instead, she said of young military veterans who become police officers,  I love our nation s veterans, but some of them are coming back from war, they don t know the communities, and they are ready to do battle. The context was a discussion about increased training and retraining for the Baltimore police.There s no question Baldwin is hoping to launch a narrative with that smear.This is pure CNN; throwing out anti-science smears towards the best people this country has to offer while it is in reality the rioters who are  doing battle.  It is savages who are looting and burning and causing anarchy, not the police. But it is the Baltimore police who have 15 wounded among their ranks. It is the Baltimore police who calmly did not do much battle during Monday night s riots.Baldwin and CNN just can t help themselves. This is a cable news network that relentlessly launches Hate Campaigns to smear decent people, like Christians, as a way to deflect from the evils done by the Gaystapo and the thugs who are tearing down predominantly black, working class cities like Ferguson and Baltimore.Essentially, what Baldwin said to the world was,  Don t hire veterans! They re too damaged to be trusted with authority.  We re back to the Vietnam-era where leftists smear our heroes to cover up the real problems. CNN wants us to believe unstable veterans are the problem in Baltimore, not unstable families.But she loves veterans.Here s a great follow up interview with Mr. Valentine, the fearless veteran the residents in the city of Baltimore are fortunate enough to have living amongst them:Wine and live television tend to reveal just how ugly some people really are.Via: Breitbart News",0
15768,BREAKING ENERGY DEPARTMENT AUDIT REVEALS SHOCKING PRICE TAG AND LIABILITY FOR OBAMA’S GREEN ENERGY FAILURES,"The American taxpayers are on the hook for less than predicted but this is still huge! It was Obama s green energy scam with companies like Solyndra that was like flushing millions and billions down the toilet Taxpayers are on the hook for more than $2.2 billion in expected costs from the federal government s energy loan guarantee programs, according to a new audit Monday that suggests the controversial projects may not pay for themselves, as officials had promised.Nearly $1 billion in loans have already defaulted under the Energy Department program, which included the infamous Solyndra stimulus project and dozens of other green technology programs the Obama administration has approved, totaling nearly about $30 billion in taxpayer backing, the Government Accountability Office reported in its audit.The hefty $2.2 billion price tag is actually an improvement over initial estimates, which found the government was poised to face $4 billion in losses from the loan guarantees. But as the projects have come to fruition, they ve performed better, leaving taxpayers with a shrinking   though still sizable   liability. As of November 2014, DOE estimates the credit subsidy cost of the loans and loan guarantees in its portfolio   that is, the total expected net cost over the life of the loans   to be $2.21 billion, including $807 million for loans that have defaulted,  the GAO said in its report to Congress.The green program loan guarantees were created in a 2005 law and boosted by the 2009 stimulus. The first applications were approved in 2009, and through 2014 the Obama administration had issued some 38 loans and guarantees, covering 34 projects ranging from nuclear power plants to fuel-efficient vehicles to solar panels and wind-generation technology.Read more: Washington Times",0
15769,URBAN TERRORISTS: HORRIFIC NEW VIDEO EMERGES OF HUGE MOB DRAGGING AND BEATING WHITE MAN From Inside Baltimore Liquor Store To Street,"The identity of the victim has not yet been confirmed, but he is believed to be the owner of the liquor store where this horrific event took place. It appears that he is already unconscious by the time he is dragged out onto the sidewalk in front of the store where is repeatedly kicked by the violent mob. .@justin_fenton @baltimoresun I just watched a guy dragged from his store and sucker punched and stomped pic.twitter.com/R8zYI7bpWt  Joe Talaiver (@jtalaiver) April 27, 2015",0
15770,[VIDEO] FLASHBACK…MARTIN LUTHER KING JR. ON RIOTS: “We Can’t Win A Violent Revolution”,"Wouldn t it be great if our first  Black  President would make an effort to quell the angry and violent crowds in Baltimore by and asking for calm? Is it too much to ask that he take this opportunity to address our nation and behave like a leader for the entire country and not like a Community Organizer with an agenda? As long as the negro finds himself living every day in a major depression, then every city will sit on a powder keg and will explode over the slightest incident. This is why I have constantly said that riots are socially destructive and self-defeating. After all, the negro ends up on the losing end. We can t win a violent revolution. The persons who end up not being able to get milk for their children are the negros, because things where they have to live are destroyed. Dr. King: Nonviolence is the Most Powerful Weapon  Violence creates more social problems than it solves. ",0
15771,(VIDEO) RIOTERS TAKE SELFIES WITH TORCHED POLICE CAR, ,0
15772,BALTIMORE BURNS: MARYLAND GOVERNOR BRINGS IN NATIONAL GUARD AND DECLARES A STATE OF EMERGENCY, ,0
15773,"BREAKING #BALTIMORE RIOT VIDEOS: REPORT Black Guerrilla Family, Bloods And Crips Contracted To attack Baltimore Police","Pray for these police officers, the innocent citizens, residents and business owners in Baltimore Here is a recruitment flyer that was posted by the Black Panthers leading up to the start of the riots in Baltimore on Saturday: WFLA News Channel 8Looting a CVS pharmacy, because nothing says  Justice  for Freddie Grey like looting a drug store:This video is from last night. It gives America a view of what an unarmed society looks like when they are threatened by criminal behavior.https://youtu.be/fR1gCfh7J1IThis recently released video shows an attack by three men who knock a man on his back and then descend on him, kicking him and hurling objects at him as he appears to be knocked unconscious.https://youtu.be/HqJ5izcZrBgBefore protests over Freddie Gray s death turned chaotic, an unlikely alliance was born in Baltimore on Saturday: Rivals from the Bloods and the Crips agreed to march side by side against police brutality.The alleged gang members are pictured on social media crowding together with Nation of Islam activists, who told The Daily Beast they brokered the truce in honor of Gray, who died last week after sustaining spinal injuries while in police custody.In one photo, a gang activist in a red sweatshirt crouches to fit into a group photo with rivals decked out in blue bandanas. I can say with honesty those brothers demonstrated they can be united for a common good,  said Carlos Muhammad, a minister at Nation of Islam s Mosque No. 6.  At the rally, they made the call that they must be united on that day. It should be commended. The detente was only a small part of the demonstration drawing 1,200 people to Baltimore s City Hall, but it raised eyebrows among activists. Are things so bad that even Baltimore s gang adversaries are joining forces to combat law enforcement? We can unite and stop killing one another,  Muhammad told The Daily Beast,  and the Bloods and the Crips can help rebuild their community. DeRay McKesson, an organizer known for his work in Ferguson, also confirmed the street-crime ceasefire. He live-tweeted Saturday s mostly peaceful demonstration, which later descended into clashes with police and smashed storefronts and cop cars, and alerted followers of a possible respite in gangland. The fight against police brutality has united people in many ways that we have not seen regularly, and that s really powerful,  McKesson told The Daily Beast.  The reality is, police have been terrorizing black people as far back as we can remember. It will take all of us coming together to change a corrupt system. Still, it s not the first time gangsters called a truce to focus on another foe. In August, the MadameNoire web publication reported on two former Bloods and Crips rivals in St. Louis now protesting against police in Ferguson, Missouri who held a sign in red and blue letters:  NO MORE CRIPS. NO MORE BLOODS. ONE PEOPLE. NO GANG ZONE. Young black men are dying from the police and they are dying from the gangs too,  one activist said.  But this is a bigger problem, so we took it upon ourselves to focus our energy on making a better solution for the community we live in. On Sunday, Baltimore police announced that 35 people were arrested and six police officers were injured in demonstrations.The unrest prompted a mayoral press conference on Saturday evening, when Gray s twin sister Fredericka made her first public statements.  My family wants to say, can you all please, please stop the violence?  she pleaded.  Freddie Gray would not want this. But before Fredericka spoke, Baltimore Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake thanked those who were discouraging violence and even singled out Nation of Islam s peacekeeping efforts. I want to also thank the Nation of Islam, who have been very present in our efforts to keep calm and peace in our city,  she said.Seriously? Thanking the Nation of Islam for promoting peace and calm? What planet has she been living on? Via: The Daily Beast ",0
15774,BREAKING VIDEO: BRICKS AND ROCKS HURLED AT POLICE BY TEENS (7 injured) IN BALTIMORE AS THEY PREPARE FOR A NIGHT OF MORE VIOLENCE,"High school kids out of control? Noooo! We ve been reporting of the huge groups of high school kids getting violent at malls and other places in towns across America. Basically they re organized riots There were reports of an organized riot, called  a purge,  to be carried out by students from three Baltimore high schools in the name of Freddie Gray and unrest over police brutality.// <![CDATA[ var p = new anv_pl_def(); p.config = {}; p.config.width = 640; p.config.height = 360; p.loadVideoExpressV3('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|1000011|SPS'); // ]]>At least seven police officers were injured. At least one police officer suffered a broken bone. Another officer was knocked unconscious.Read more: abc2news",0
15775,BUSTED: [Video] AARP Caught Using SUBLIMINAL MESSAGE To Promote ‘MARTIAL LAW’ In Recent Ad,"Could someone please explain this? I honestly don t think it s any accident.I stumbled onto this video via BadBlue, which linked to a site called Hyscience. At first I thought it was a joke. But the video is posted on the official AARP YouTube channel.In order for me to hear the not-so subliminal message on the radio playing in the background, I had to turn the volume all the way up and use headphones. But this is what I hear:  Riots nationwide have prompted local governments to declare martial law. The president is asking that citizens find safety and remain calm. Authorities are working their hardest to contain the outbreak. It really does make one ask, what the hell? Of all the messages that could be playing on a radio in an AARP ad, why this one?Via: The Right Planet",0
15776,UNREAL! FORMER GITMO DETAINEES PROTEST AT U.S. EMBASSY FOR FREEBIES FROM THE U.S.,"We should do NOTHING for these terrorists! They got money and a house from the government of Uruguay but want even more from the U.S. and Uruguay. Unreal!Four former Guantanamo Bay prisoners protested for a second day Saturday demanding more help from both the Uruguayan and the U.S. governments for adapting to life in their new home in this South American country.The men began their protest in front of the U.S. Embassy in Montevideo on Friday and said they slept there through the night. They insisted would stay until they met with the U.S. ambassador. We ll be here until Monday. We are not leaving until with speak with the ambassador,  former detainee Adel bin Muhammad El Ouerghi said.The men began their protest after the embassy closed for the weekend, and U.S. officials had not responded to messages requesting comment.As a humanitarian gesture, Uruguay s government took in the four and two other men in December after U.S. authorities freed them from Guantanamo. They had spent 12 years at the U.S. military prison for suspected al-Qaida ties, but U.S. officials decided they were no longer a threat and let them go.The four Syrians, one Tunisian and one Palestinian have repeatedly said the United States should help them financially so they can afford to bring their families to Uruguay.The men get $600 (15,000 pesos) a month from Uruguay s government, which they must use to pay for food, clothes, cellphones and other personal items. Officials have also provided a house for the six men to share. Via: Stars and Stripes",0
15777,(VIDEO)REP ELIJAH CUMMINGS AND OTHERS DOWNPLAY AND LIE ABOUT THE VIOLENCE AT THE BALTIMORE PROTESTS: “I’ve gotta give it to the citizens of Baltimore…”,"OOPS! The narrative isn t fitting the truth and the truth is: Despite police Commissioner Anthony W. Batts  insistence that a minority of out-of-town instigators caused the violence, online court records Sunday showed that only three of those arrested during Saturday s protests were from outside Maryland. Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.) alleged Sunday that many rioters in Baltimore the previous night were from  out of town,  noting that he was amid crowds in the area.A protest over the death of Freddie Gray, a black 25-year-old, in police custody turned violent as some went on a rampage as darkness fell, seen smashing windows and throwing objects at police. I ve gotta give it to the citizens of Baltimore. I was there all day, and it was very peaceful all day,  Cummings said on CBS s  Face the Nation. At the end, there were a few people that said,  We re gonna turn this city down, we re gonna close it down.  And the next thing you know we had a few people   mainly from out of town   to come and to start beating up on police cars and throwing all kinds of projectiles,  Cummings alleged.At least a dozen people were arrested, according to The Associated Press. Police also kept Baltimore Orioles fans inside the ballpark as they cleared an area outside, which Cummings called a  smart idea. This whole police community relations situation, Bob, is the civil rights cause for this generation, no doubt about it,  Cummings told host Bob Schieffer on Sunday.Cummings noted that the Maryland delegation in Congress had asked for the Department of Justice to conduct a civil rights investigation into the death of Gray. We ve got to take this department apart and try to figure out what is wrong and what is right,  he said, referring to local police. Via: The Hill",0
15778,GEORGE W. BUSH BREAKS SILENCE: No More “Mr. Nice Guy”…Hammers Obama,"Long overdue In a closed-door meeting with Jewish Donors Saturday night, former President George W. Bush delivered his harshest public criticisms to date against his successor on foreign policy, saying that President Barack Obama is being na ve about Iran and the pending nuclear deal and losing the war against the Islamic State.One attendee at the Republican Jewish Coalition session, held at the Venetian Hotel in Las Vegas with owner Sheldon Adelson in attendance, transcribed large portions of Bush s remarks. The former president, who rarely ever criticizes Obama in public, at first remarked that the idea of re-entering the political arena was something he didn t want to do. He then proceeded to explain why Obama, in his view, was placing the U.S. in  retreat  around the world. He also said Obama was misreading Iran s intentions while relaxing sanctions on Tehran too easily.According to the attendee s transcription, Bush noted that Iran has a new president, Hassan Rouhani.  He s smooth,  Bush said.  And you ve got to ask yourself, is there a new policy or did they just change the spokesman? Bush said that Obama s plan to lift sanctions on Iran with a promise that they could snap back in place at any time was not plausible. He also said the deal would be bad for American national security in the long term:  You think the Middle East is chaotic now? Imagine what it looks like for our grandchildren. That s how Americans should view the deal. Bush then went into a detailed criticism of Obama s policies in fighting the Islamic State and dealing with the chaos in Iraq. On Obama s decision to withdraw all U.S. troops in Iraq at the end of 2011, he quoted Senator Lindsey Graham calling it a  strategic blunder.  Bush signed an agreement with the Iraqi government to withdraw those troops, but the idea had been to negotiate a new status of forces agreement to keep U.S. forces there past 2011. The Obama administration tried and failed to negotiate such an agreement.Bush said he views the rise of the Islamic State as al-Qaeda s  second act  and that they may have changed the name but that murdering innocents is still the favored tactic. He defended his own administration s handling of terrorism, noting that the terrorist Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, who confessed to killing Wall Street Journal reporter Daniel Pearl, was captured on his watch:  Just remember the guy who slit Danny Pearl s throat is in Gitmo, and now they re doing it on TV. Obama promised to degrade and destroy Islamic State s forces but then didn t develop a strategy to complete the mission, Bush said. He said that if you have a military goal and you mean it,  you call in your military and say  What s your plan?    He indirectly touted his own decision to surge troops to Iraq in 2007, by saying,  When the plan wasn t working in Iraq, we changed. In order to be an effective president   when you say something you have to mean it,  he said.  You gotta kill em. Bush told several anecdotes about his old friend and rival Russian President Vladimir Putin. Bush recalled that Putin met his dog Barney at the White House and then later, when Bush went to Moscow, Putin showed him his dog and remarked that he was  bigger stronger and faster than Barney.  For Bush, that behavior showed him that Putin didn t think in  win-win  terms.Bush also remarked that Putin was rich, divorced his wife and loves power. Putin s domestic popularity comes from his control of Russian media, according to Bush.  Hell, I d be popular, too, if I owned NBC news,  he said.Regarding his brother Jeb s potential run for the presidency, Bush acknowledged that he was a political liability for Jeb, that the Bush name can be used against him, and that American s don t like dynasties. He also said that foreign policy is going to be especially important in the presidential campaign and that the test for Republicans running will be who has got the  courage  to resist isolationist tendencies.Regarding Hillary Clinton, Bush said it will be crucial how she plays her relationship with the president. She will eventually have to choose between running on the Obama administration s policies or running against them. If she defends them, she s admitting failure, he said, but if she doesn t she s blaming the president.For George W. Bush, the remarks in Vegas showed he has little respect for how the current president is running the world. He also revealed that he takes little responsibility for the policies that he put in place that contributed to the current state of affairs.Via: Bloomberg View",0
15779,CRAZY VIDEO! MAYOR OF BALTIMORE: WE GAVE RIOTERS “SPACE TO DESTROY”,"Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake: While we tried to make sure that they were protected from the cars and the other things that were going on. We also gave those who wished to destroy space to do that as well. And we work very hard to keep that balance and to put ourselves in the best position to deescalate, and that s what you saw. THE MAYOR S ENTIRE PRESS CONFERENCE:",0
15780,WATCH YOUNG TEENAGE THUGS AS THEY ROB FEMALE REPORTER Filming #BaltimoreRiots,"Because nothing says  justice  for Freddie Gray like a large group of teenage thugs descending on a defenseless woman and stealing her purse A producer for Ruptly, a video news service run by RT (formerly Russia Today), was robbed on camera while filming the violent protests in Baltimore overnight.The dramatic video shows the female victim first surrounded and harassed by a group of youths, who rapidly grow bolder reaching out at her, all the while hurling a stream of vulgarity and ranting about the police. She is then clearly physically attacked by the group. As the video stabilizes you see that the producer is chasing the thieves down the street trying to retrieve her stolen bag before the intervention of the Baltimore police.The protests in Baltimore over the death of Freddie Gray while in custody turned into violent riots overnight Saturday into Sunday morning. So much so that 30,000 people were locked down in Camden Yards.As Twitchy notes, at the time of the lockdown President Obama was delivering jokes to the mainstream media and assorted celebrities about a half hour away.Toward the end of the video, the woman who was robbed can be heard sobbing as she continues to film.Via: RT Ruptly",0
15781,"SHOCKING VIDEOTAPED INTERVIEW WITH BARACK HUSSEIN OBAMA’S “BROTHER”MALIK: ‘I’d like to see him (Barack) be for real, not so deceptive’","In a shocking interview with Joel Gilbert, producer of  Dreams From My Real Father,  Malik talks about having to come through the back door at the White House or being asked to come at night so no one sees him. He talks about everything that Barack s Aunt Zetouni did for him when he needed her, and how he wouldn t contribute a penny for her funeral. He left it up to the poor villagers in Kenya to figure out how to get her body back to her home country.  He also reveals how Barack has never contributed a dime to help a family member in Kenya.  Ever since President Barack Obama was elected president, many have wondered who Obama really is and what he stands for. Undisclosed and unreported to the mainstream media, Joel Gilbert, who produced the film,  Dreams From My Real Father: A Story of Reds and Deception,  has released an interview with Obama s brother Malik Obama, the Freedom Post reported on Friday. Gilbert conducted the 12-minute interview with Malik Obama on April 10, 2015 and was published on April 22, 2015.The interview shows clips of President Obama speaking of how his father grew up and herded goats and then Gilbert told Malik that Obama had deceived Americans when Obama stated that he would cut the deficit, support Israel, and that Obamacare is not a tax and how he felt about it. Malik responded to Gilbert and said,  Well, the way that he s turned and become a different person with the family is the same way that I see him behaving politically. He says one thing and then he does another. He s not been an honest man, as far as I m concerned, in who he is and what he says and how he treats people.  Gilbert then asked Malik on how he felt about being the oldest brother in the family, Malik responded with disappointment and said,  Disappointed  disappointed, used, used and also betrayed. In the beginning, I didn t think that he was a schemer. His real character, his real personality, the real him, is coming out now. Malik also spoke on how he and Obama s family back in Kenya feel no respect from Obama and was hurt and crushed that Obama would act that way to them.  I don t understand how somebody who claims to be a relative or a brother can behave the way that he s behaving, be so cold and ruthless, and just turn his back on the people,  Malik said.  He said were his family. WATCH INTERVIEW HERE:Joel Gilbert came to the front lines of Obama really is when his book and film was released. The film and book chronicles the life of President Obama, based in part on two years of research, interviews, newly unearthed footage and photos, and the writings of alleged real father of President Obama, Frank Marshall Davis as well as Obama himself. The film and book also chronicles Barack Obama s life journey in Socialism and Marxism, from the day he was born through his election to the Presidency.Via: The Examiner",0
15782,DOJ MONITORS PATRIOT GUN-RANGE OWNER Who Banned Muslims From Her Gun Range," I will close my business before I will make any compromises that could jeopardize the safety and security of the members who shoot here. You can be certain the Feds are more concerned about those  peaceful  Muslims in America who want to kill me than they are about anything I might say or do that hurts the feelings of islamic (sic) terrorists. -Jan MorganOn Saturday, Breitbart.com s AWR Hawkins said the Department of Justice is  monitoring  Jan Morgan, the owner of Gun Cave Indoor Firing Range in Hot Springs, Arkansas, who banned Muslims from her business in 2014, citing safety concerns. But Morgan isn t backing down and told Examiner.com Saturday she would close her business before putting her clients  safety at risk.The Washington Post said the monitoring is the result of demands by the Council on American-Islamic Relations and the Arkansas chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union. Both groups demanded a federal investigation after Morgan declared her range to be a  Muslim-Free Zone. CAIR and the ACLU argue that Morgan s  Muslim-free  policy violates the public accommodation provision of the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Times said. But Morgan disagrees, saying her range is a private club with dues-paying members.The DOJ confirmed it was monitoring Morgan, the Times added. The agency, however, did not say if it has plans to launch an investigation. CAIR said it was pleased with the action. We welcome this positive development and hope it leads to a thorough investigation of clear violations of the civil rights of American Muslims and those perceived to be Muslim by the gun range owner,  said CAIR s civil rights litigation director Jenifer Wicks. But Morgan told Examiner there is a huge difference between monitoring and investigating.In fact, she said at her website, she has  been under the watchful eyes of federal law enforcement authorities for a long time  as a result of  years of death threats  from Muslims. The threats, she added, began long before she owned the range. Now, she lives her daily life  under a federal microscope. I have nothing to hide,  she said.  I have no secrets from the federal government. Last year, she added, FBI counter-terrorism agents met with her and said ISIS is in Arkansas.  The agency feared I was going to be a target of opportunity, and I was directed to take EVERY SECURITY PRE-CAUTION necessary to protect my life and the lives of all people in my presence at all times,  she wrote.Morgan said that like the French cartoonists at Charlie Hebdo, she has had her life threatened many times over her articles. She also acted  upon the directive of the ATF to all FFL holders to err on the side of caution and not engage in any firearm transactions with anyone we suspect might use that firearm in the commission of a crime. So, CAIR and the ACLU, do you really think the idea of  more monitoring  of my daily life is somehow new or a threat to me in any way?  she asked on Facebook.  Of course the feds are monitoring me,  she added.  You can be certain the Feds are more concerned about those  peaceful  Muslims in America who want to kill me than they are about anything I might say or do that hurts the feelings of islamic (sic) terrorists. Morgan told Examiner she is prepared to deal with a federal investigation should one be launched against her.  I was prepared to fight this from day one,  she said.The  bottom line,  she added,  is this: I will close my business before I will make any compromises that could jeopardize the safety and security of the members who shoot here.  On her site, Morgan said she  will continue to follow the advise of two agencies within the DOJ to protect and defend my own life, as well as the lives of innocent American citizens in my presence, from any and all threats of violence connected to, and or associated with any and all terrorist organizations.  Anything less, she added,  would be irresponsible, reckless, and life threatening. Via: Joe Newby, The Examiner",0
15783,CLINTON MEGA-CHARITY: “Slush Fund For The Clinton’s” Took In $140 Million… Gave Pittance In Direct Aid,"Try to process this: A woman running for President of The United States (whose entire career has been built on lies and deceit) has a  charity  that has now been placed on a  watch list  as a way to warn potential donors about investing in the Clinton Foundation The Clinton Foundation s finances are so messy that the nation s most influential charity watchdog put it on its  watch list  of problematic nonprofits last month. The Clinton family s mega-charity took in more than $140 million in grants and pledges in 2013 but spent just $9 million on direct aid. The group spent the bulk of its windfall on administration, travel, and salaries and bonuses, with the fattest payouts going to family friends. On its 2013 tax forms, the most recent available, the foundation claimed it spent $30 million on payroll and employee benefits; $8.7 million in rent and office expenses; $9.2 million on  conferences, conventions and meetings ; $8 million on fund-raising; and nearly $8.5 million on travel. None of the Clintons are on the payroll, but they do enjoy first-class flights paid for by the Foundation. In all, the group reported $84.6 million in  functional expenses  on its 2013 tax return and had more than $64 million left over   money the organization has said represents pledges rather than actual cash on hand. Some of the tens of millions in administrative costs finance more than 2,000 employees, including aid workers and health professionals around the world. But that s still far below the 75 percent rate of spending that nonprofit experts say a good charity should spend on its mission. Charity Navigator, which rates nonprofits, recently refused to rate the Clinton Foundation because its  atypical business model . . . doesn t meet our criteria.  Charity Navigator put the foundation on its  watch list,  which warns potential donors about investing in problematic charities. The 23 charities on the list include the Rev. Al Sharpton s troubled National Action Network, which is cited for failing to pay payroll taxes for several years. Other nonprofit experts are asking hard questions about the Clinton Foundation s tax filings in the wake of recent reports that the Clintons traded influence for donations.  It seems like the Clinton Foundation operates as a slush fund for the Clintons,  said Bill Allison, a senior fellow at the Sunlight Foundation, a government watchdog group once run by leading progressive Democrat and Fordham Law professor Zephyr Teachout. In July 2013, Eric Braverman, a friend of Chelsea Clinton from when they both worked at McKinsey & Co., took over as CEO of the Clinton Foundation. He took home nearly $275,000 in salary, benefits and a housing allowance from the nonprofit for just five months  work in 2013, tax filings show. Less than a year later, his salary increased to $395,000, according to a report in Politico. Braverman abruptly left the foundation earlier this year, after a falling-out with the old Clinton guard over reforms he wanted to impose at the charity, Politico reported. Last month, Donna Shalala, a former secretary of health and human services under President Clinton, was hired to replace Braverman. Nine other executives received salaries over $100,000 in 2013, tax filings show. The group also failed to disclose millions of dollars it received in foreign donations from 2010 to 2012 and is hurriedly refiling five years  worth of tax returns after reporters raised questions about the discrepancies in its filings last week.Via: NY Post",0
15784,SHOCKING VIDEO: Baltimore Baseball Fans Fight VIOLENT #BlackLivesMatter Protestors,"THIS FIRST-HAND ACCOUNT OF WHAT HAPPENED IN BALTIMORE IS SO SHOCKING AND UNREAL BUT OUR GOOD FRIEND, MATHEW BOYLE, IS ABLE TO TELL US WHAT REALLY HAPPENED: BALTIMORE, Maryland   Racial protests supposed to be peaceful quickly turned into violent riots on Saturday evening, closing down the city of Baltimore for some time and creating a panic for thousands of people as just 50 miles away elites in Washington partied with President Barack Obama at the White House Correspondents  Dinner.Personally, I wasn t supposed to be on the job tonight as a reporter. After a long news week and as several of my contemporaries lived high on the hog down in D.C. at the so-called  Nerd Prom,  me and my brother left D.C. to go see our Boston Red Sox play the Baltimore Orioles at Oriole Park at Camden Yards I hate the White House Correspondents  Dinner it represents everything I think is wrong with Washington, making celebrities out of news media and politicians and given the fact I grew up just outside Boston I figured seeing the Red Sox play in Baltimore would be a great reprieve from the political culture. Boy was I wrong.My brother and I arrived in Baltimore just outside Camden Yards about an hour before the game, and went into Bullpen Bar one of three iconic all-brick building bars right outside the stadium for a beer before the Sox took on the O s. I usually make it up here for a game or two every year, and have always found Orioles fans to be pleasant. We re united in our hatred of the Yankees.Bullpen Bar sits between Pickles Pub and Sliders Bar & Grill. Outside each of the brick-faced bars, on the days of Orioles Games, each bar puts out barricades about 20 feet from their front doors. Shoulder-to-shoulder crowds of fans from each team the Orioles, and in the case of Saturday night, the Red Sox pack into three bars and the barricaded-off space in front before each game. Inside and outside of each, bartenders serve  cheap beer or so the $6-per-tall-boy-cans are advertised on big signs while hotdogs, sausages and other pastime favorites are sold by each and by vendors who set up tents across the street. The blue collar culture and really friendly people are what make Baltimore baseball games so much fun, and there s no better place to kick off an adventure into Camden Yards than here.But on Saturday night, after my brother and I finished off our beers at Bullpen and began walking across the street to the stadium, planning to make our way to our seats after getting inside, chaos broke out.As helicopters circled overhead and protestors smashed windows outside, Camden Yards put fans on lockdown on Saturday.Several people across the street from these bars between there and the stadium, which is less than 100 yards away were holding signs that said #BlackLivesMatter. They were protesting the death of Freddie Gray, who Agence France Press newswire wrote  died last Sunday from spinal injuries, a week after his arrest in the city s impoverished west side. In a press conference Friday, officials acknowledged Gray should have received medical help at the moment of his arrest, when he was seen by bystanders   and caught on video   howling in apparent pain,  AFP wrote, providing the background of the simmering tensions in the mid-Atlantic port town.  They also revealed that Gray, contrary to police department policy, was not buckled into his seat in the van, which made at least three unexplained stops on its way to the Western District police station. Gray died Sunday with 80 percent of his spine severed at the neck, lawyers for his family have said. His funeral is scheduled for Monday. Six officers have been suspended with pay as the police investigation inches closer to a May 1 deadline to submit findings to a Maryland state prosecutor, who could decide to press charges. All of a sudden literally as my brother and I walked out of Bullpen everything went haywire. What were peaceful marchers holding up signs turned into violent rioters. Innocent fans standing by were confronted by the rioters, who physically and verbally threateningly engaged many of them and then the protesters got even more violent.All of a sudden, beer bottles and cans, and other projectiles were lobbed by the protesters into the crowds of fans. To get those projectiles, the protesters stole them forcibly from the bartenders and vendors set up outside each of those three bars. One beer can whizzed by my brother s face, missing him by about six inches, and more flew all over the crowded area.The crowd of protesters then stopped a blue station wagon carrying a white family as they tried to drive past Pickles, Bullpen and Sliders along a narrow one-way stretch between the bars and the main road. As a horde of them smashed their open and closed fists on the hood of the car while impeding them by standing in front of them the driver backed up on the one way pass in a desperate attempt to get out of dodge. Then, stopped on the other side with nowhere to go, protesters ripped open the passenger door of the car and began reaching around inside the vehicle. As hundreds of people looked on, including several police officers who didn t engage the violent protesters, the white woman in the front seat middle-aged and a little heavyset with dark hair was visibly terrified.CONTINUE READING: BREITBARTCHAOS IN BALTIMORE:The death of Freddie Gray, a Baltimore resident arrested after leading police on a foot chase, catalyzed the unrest. Mr. Gray allegedly did not receive timely medical attention for a spinal cord injury, and died a week after his April 12 arrest for carrying a switchblade.Thousands of protestors marched on city streets near Camden Yards during Saturday s the Red Sox-Orioles game. Some collapsed in place in a  die in  on the street. Others threw rocks at police and windows. The demonstrations led to brawls between fans and protestors at bars near the stadium. Due to an ongoing public safety issue, the Mayor of Baltimore City & the [Baltimore County Police Department] have asked all fans to remain inside the ballpark until further notice,  the jumbotron at Camden Yards told fans.  Thank you. Very strange,  Steve Cockey told the Baltimore Sun,  from being whisked in here. They were just ripping tickets, just getting people in as quickly as possible, which I ve never seen. They did not do the metal detectors. Very, very strange. I ve never been trapped in the ballpark before. Baltimore received better news inside of Camden Yards than outside of it. David Lough hit a walk-off home run in the tenth to give the Orioles a 5-4 victory over the Red Sox.Via: Breitbart",0
15785,FULL VIDEO: THE BLOCKBUSTER INVESTIGATION INTO CLINTON CASH, ,0
15786,(VIDEO) HILLARY CLINTON: RELIGIOUS BELIEFS MUST BE CHANGED TO ACCOMMODATE ABORTION, ,0
15787,OBAMA KNEW DRONE KILLED U.S. HOSTAGE…Never Told Family Who Paid Huge Ransom And Was Still Negotiating For His Release,"Why couldn t the parents be notified of his death? What possible reason could the Obama regime have for keeping his death a secret from his parents?An American and an Italian being held hostage by al Qaeda in a remote region of Pakistan near the Afghan border were killed in a CIA drone strike in January   an accident President Obama on Thursday blamed on  the fog of war.  Obama grimly admitted the botched operation at the White House and apologized to the families of the two aid workers   Warren Weinstein, 73, of Rockville, Md., and Palermo native Giovanni Lo Porto, 39.  I profoundly regret what happened. On behalf of the United States government, I offer our deepest apologies,  Obama said.MEANWHILE, the family of hostage Warren Weinstein (who had already paid $250,000 in ransom money to the al Qaeda captors of the now-slain hostage in 2012), were still negotiating to pay more money for his release months after his death.Here is a heartbreaking video of slain hostage, Warren Weinstein asking for help from a country he came to Pakistan to defend:The Weinstein family shed little light on the secret ransom plot when it was revealed Friday, saying only that they d sought out efforts to rescue him. His wife had spoken by phone with her husband in a  proof of life  telephone call prior to the money being handed over, a family spokesman said.  Over the 3 / -year period of Warren s captivity the family made every effort to engage with those holding him or those with the power to find and rescue him,  the spokesman said. Weinstein got along well with his captors, the intermediary said. He spoke Urdu, the national language of Pakistan, and learned to speak with his kidnappers in another local language, Pashto.  They kept him well and sent a lot of money to keep him alive on medicine for the heart,  said the intermediary.  Otherwise, he would have been dead long ago. Also Friday, White House officials said they were considering setting up a  fusion cell,  or task force, to better communicate with hostage families and integrate the multiple agencies responsible for the rescue of captives.Via: NY Post",0
15788,BLOCKBUSTER INTERVIEW: MALIK OBAMA OPENS UP ABOUT BARACK OBAMA AND IT’S NOT PRETTY, ,0
15789,[Video] POLICE HAVE VERY GOOD REASON FOR BLOCKING NEWLY “ELECTED”MAYOR From Entering City Hall Office,"This mayor s involvement in potential illegal activity will get little attention this story will be a full blown case of racial injustice in 5 4 3 2 1  Betty McCray, newly-elected mayor of Kinloch, Missouri, showed up at City Hall this week to get to work. But when she arrived, the police wouldn t let her in the door.The reason why? Those non-existent illegal voters who cast ballots for the candidate.The election, which was held April 7, was hotly contested and the results have been questioned by McCray s opponents. However, the St. Louis County Board of Elections certified the results and swore McCray in after city officials refused to.The St. Louis Post-Dispatch reports that deputies met her in the parking lot, and she was served with articles of impeachment by City Attorney James Robinson. Robinson also told her that she was suspended.After being blocked from entering the building, McCray held a press conference in the parking lot:  I won. The people spoke,  McCray told the press after she had been served papers and told she could not enter the building.  I was sworn in by the St. Louis County. Today I take office. I want them out, I want the keys.  It was rumored that McCray was going to fire  multiple  city employees, once in office.Kinloch, which is located near Lambert-St. Louis International Airport, once  thrived with more than 10,000 residents.  But airport development has led to homes being purchased by the airport authority and demolished.Today, Kinloch, which has fewer than 300 residents, is marked by pilfered coffers, shady land deals and increasingly bitter fights over the last remnants of political power.During the past five years, the city has seen the imprisonment of a former mayor on federal fraud and theft charges, the hiring of a convicted felon as city manager, the selling of a previous city hall building to an alleged drug dealer and the unseating of at least two aldermen. McCray won the mayoral contest by garnering 38 votes compared to her opponent, the incumbent mayor s, 18.Prior to the election, the city alerted the County Board of Elections said that they believed there were 27 voters registered illegally. McCray s camp alleges that these voters were living in city-owned housing and evicted because they supported her.The bad blood goes back further. McCray is a former Alderman, who served under a mayor who has since been convicted of federal fraud charges. Members of the current administration accuse her of benefiting financially from land deals under that mayor, Keith Conway.McCray told Fox2 she was going to file an injunction in the St. Louis County courts, and then attempt to enter City Hall again.Via: IJReview",0
15790,GUESS WHO PAID FOR FAMILY OF GOV DEPENDENT MUSLIM TERRORISTS’ Security And Travel Expenses To U.S.,"It s worth noting that the victims of this horrible terrorist bombing are responsible for their own court parking fees, food and any potential travel and lodging expenses they incur as a result of this trial. Muslim terrorists first it s the Obama way The family of the convicted marathon bomber is in America, on your tax dollars, and survivors are outraged after learning the news.As of Thursday, family members of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev have been staying at the Hampton Inn in Revere under very tight security, just one of the things tax dollars are paying for. FOX25 s Sharman Sacchetti investigated how much this trip is costing you.Sources say these family members are being called as witnesses and not only that, at least three agencies are working around the clock to protect and transport them. This is all part of the defense team s strategy to save Tsarnaev. While it s unclear when their flight started, we know the last part of it came through Amsterdam and landed at Logan Airport and cost nearly $2,500 per person.The cost to put them up at the Hampton Inn at the government rate: almost $200 per night, per person. And a source says at least three agencies, the FBI, US Marshal s and Revere Police are involved in constant protection. I think you re probably talking about $100,000 plus in that neighborhood in terms of security and out of pocket costs associated with travel,  former US attorney Michael Sullivan said.And that s just for this trip.Lawyer fees or even what all witnesses during the trial cost is still unclear. One defense witness, Mark Spencer of Arsenal Consulting, charged $375 per hour and billing taxpayers for $150,000.Governor Charlie Baker said,  It s a federal trial, it s a federal case, the feds ultimately need to make the decisions about this. Baker was non-committal about how resources are being used, even state ones.Sullivan told Sacchetti that while he understands taxpayer outrage, the whole point is to make sure it s done right. The court wants to make sure that at the end of the day, the defendant gets a fair trial and would not want to add any potential issues on appeal in the penalty phase, prosecutors finished making their case yesterday,  he said.JUDGE JEANINE HAS A POWERFUL MESSAGE for Jihadi Mom:Marathon survivor Marc Fucarile reached out to us Friday night, reacting to this news, saying that he s outraged that Tsarnaev s family s expenses are being paid for when  myself and some of the other survivors and our families have to pay for our own parking at court, lunch, and we were told that if the trial was moved out of state, we d have to pay for our own travel and lodging, there. The statement went on to say:  Why should our country pay for them when that family committed a violent act against our country? Not to mention, all of the free government services this family previously enjoyed on the backs of the taxpayers including government assistance and a free ride to UMass Dartmouth. In contrast, I was denied housing assistance I sought after the bombings, even though I needed a handicapped accessible apartment, and my wife lost her job as a result of the events. He ended by saying he feels badly for the taxpayers that have to pay for this after they were so generous to all the survivors and the One Fund. The defense team is up next. And the penalty phase picks up again Monday.Via: MyFOXBoston",0
15791,"FARRAKHAN DEVOTEE, COP HATER AND RAPPER, ‘KILLER MIKE’ To Speak At SOLD OUT Event At Prestigious MIT University","Rapper Killer Mike, will appear in front of a SOLD OUT audience at the prestigious MIT University today.  Here s a clip from an interview with Jew hater and racist Louis Farrakhan:He s a follower and admirer of this racist Jew hater. He s clearly one of the most angry black men in the  entertainment  business. After watching this interview, you will better understand the mentality of the protestors  on the streets who are getting in the faces of cops (of whom the majority are good men and women protecting and defending the citizens within their jurisdiction). It should be noted, that  Killer Mike s  dad was a police officer or  dirty pig  as he likes to call them.Killer Mike views rap as social activism, and never shies away from sharing his opinions on race and abuses of power. Whether he s condemning institutionalized corruption in  Reagan  or speaking out against police brutality with Run The Jewels   Close Your Eyes,  if Killer Mike thinks it s messed up, he s going to let you know.This Friday, April 24, MIT students will have the chance to hear how messed up race relations are, when Killer Mike delivers a lecture titled  Race Relations in the U.S.  at the school. According to the press release, he ll be talking about how current and advancing technology are shaping race relations. (We re guessing that he doesn t regard drone surveillance as a democratizing agent.) Chances are pretty good that Killer Mike will also be addressing the spate of well-publicized police shootings of young unarmed black men and their systemic social consequences.Here is an example of the most recent  music  video by Killer Mike.  ****WARNING****Violence and strong language***Killer Mike s lecture is the second in MIT s new Hip-Hop Speaker Series, which opened with Young Guru. The series is the result of a collaboration between the Arts at MIT and TapTape, an MIT-based music startup. The series  stated goal is to bring  together leaders in hip-hop with leading faculty and students at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.  That s a perfect opportunity for a mathematics seminar featuring Dr. Octagon and Dr. Roman Bezrukavnikov, Professor of Algebraic Geometry.While Killer Mike s lecture certainly sounds intriguing, Friday s lecture is exclusively available to MIT students and is already sold out. But if you re jonesing to hear Killer Mike drop some heated words, there s always the extremely-NSFW  Big Beast  video, featuring Bun B and T.I.We were going to include the  Big Beast  video, but after viewing this disturbing video, which includes nudity, horrific acts of violence and an attempted rape scene, we decided against it. The driver in the video is wearing a Ronald Reagan mask because  Killer Mike  believes that all of the problems plaguing the black community are as a result of Ronald Reagan s presidency. Please feel free to view it (if you are an adult) and you can stomach it at this link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8-RmM5py1cVia: AV Club",0
15792,GOTCHA! CLINTON CHARITY “MISFILED” MILLIONS IN TAXES AND WILL REFILE TAX RETURNS,"What difference does it make? Well, it makes lots of difference to the IRS. The Clinton charities got called on the carpet for  misfiling  tax returns up to 5 years old. Oops!Hillary Clinton s family s charities are refiling at least five years of tax returns after an investigation revealed they had misreported tens of millions of dollars in donations from governments. The charities  errors generally took the form of under-reporting or over-reporting donations from foreign governments, or in other instances, omitted to break out government donations entirely when reporting revenue, the charities confirmed to Reuters, which uncovered the mistakes. Following the discovery, the Clinton Foundation and the Clinton Health Access Initiative said they will be refiling multiple annual tax returns and may audit returns extending as far back as 15 years in case there have been other errors. The foundation and its donors have been under intense scrutiny in recent weeks. Republican critics say the foundation makes Clinton, who is seeking the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination, vulnerable to undue influence. Her campaign team calls these claims  absurd conspiracy theories . Following Reuters  report Republican presidential candidate Ted Cruz called on the non-profit to return all of the money it received from foreign governments.Read more: DAILY MAIL",0
15793,ACTORS QUIT “FERGUSON” PLAY DAYS BEFORE OPENING Because They Want Media’s Bogus “Hands Up Don’t Shoot” Version To Replace Actual Court Transcripts," These are people who claim to love diversity, and they don t love diversity   they just want people to agree with them.     Ferguson playwright Phelim McAleerVeteran actor Philip Casnoff hadn t read the full script yet when he arrived for the first rehearsal of  Ferguson,  a play chronicling the shooting of Michael Brown by a Missouri police officer.Casnoff thought he knew what the play, set for a four-day staged reading starting Sunday at the Odyssey Theater, would be about: the wilderness of testimony the grand jury navigated while investigating the day Officer Darren Wilson fatally shot the unarmed 18-year-old. Casnoff presumed a variety of viewpoints, the fog of truth.Then he read the script, which tells the story that Brown didn t have his hands up and that he charged at Wilson.Now, in a case of art imitating life, the play is experiencing the kind of ill will and mistrust that erupted from the city it attempts to portray. Part of the 13-member cast is in revolt   Casnoff and four others have quit   as the playwright and actors are locked in a fundamental disagreement over how to tell the story of Brown s death.Though the grand jury declined to indict Wilson after some witnesses and physical evidence supported his account of events, the tone of the play shocked some actors. It felt like the purpose of the piece was to show,  Of course he was not indicted   here s why,'  Casnoff said. He said that after he learned who the play s author was, Casnoff, who describes himself as  very liberal, left-wing-leaning,  thought,  Whoa, this is not the place for me to be. Through testimony taken from grand jury transcripts, the play ends with a witness telling a prosecutor that Wilson was justified in killing Brown. The audience is then supposed to vote on whether Wilson should have been indicted.The cast members who quit questioned the motivations of the playwright, Phelim McAleer.McAleer, a conservative filmmaker and journalist from Ireland now living in Marina del Rey, said he s just interested in the truth. The truth is the truth. If it doesn t fit in with their beliefs, they need to change their beliefs,  said McAleer, who declined to say whether Wilson should have been indicted but said his research shows the hands-up claim is bogus.  All the people who testified that he had his hands up, it was pretty much demolished in grand jury testimony. If the rest of the decidedly more liberal cast resigns   some actors are leaning that way   McAleer said he ll find a new cast. He also hopes to put the show on YouTube and bring the production to Ferguson itself. There s got to be some actors in L.A. who aren t scared of controversy,  he said.During the  Ferguson  rehearsal, the performers balked after realizing the only witness in McAleer s play who says Brown had his hands up is immediately discredited by an FBI agent.(Although some witnesses told investigators that Brown had his hands up, a Department of Justice report said many of those witnesses  accounts were recanted, debunked or inconsistent with physical evidence.)McAleer s play also ends with a damning exchange between a witness and prosecutor. Do you feel like this could have ended up any other way?  the prosecutor asks. Yeah, it could have, if Michael Brown had just stopped running  toward Wilson, says the witness, who is identified as Witness 48 in the grand jury transcripts, but who is given a pseudonym in the play and cast with a young black actress.  It could have ended another way. The officer had no other choice. No other choice, in other words, but to shoot Brown.After those lines were read by actors Deborah Puette and Sydney A. Mason, a kind of awkward quiet fell over the cast members, whose bodies had been bent like question marks as they stared down at their scripts in a rehearsal space near Culver City.The cast questioned the balance of the 55-page script, and even debated the justification for the shooting. Why not shoot him in the leg?  asked one actress, Donzaleigh Abernathy, cast to play a witness, her voice booming through the small, windowless space. He didn t have time!  responded a younger actor, also playing a witness.Several members requested changes to the script that would include adding another account more sympathetic to Brown to balance out the final witness  dramatic testimony. McAleer has rejected those requests, spurring some of the actors  departures. He claims that he wrote this to try to get to the truth of it, but everybody s truth is totally subjective,  said Veralyn Jones, an African American cast member who resigned.  When you come to the matter of what really happened, nobody really knows for sure, because everybody has a different take on it.   It just didn t feel right to me. One of the script s most heated critics has been Abernathy, who is the daughter of civil rights movement leader Ralph David Abernathy, who was with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. when he died. Abernathy, who is black, has not decided to leave the cast yet   at least not before she has the chance to meet McAleer at a cast meeting scheduled for Thursday night. I want to hear what he has to say face to face. I actually want to know, on a moral level, how can you do something like this that you know will divide America?  Abernathy asked.  Does it make you feel good? Obviously he has a personal agenda. What is his personal agenda? McAleer was unapologetic, and waved away criticism. These are people who claim to love diversity, and they don t love diversity   they just want people to agree with them,  he said.So with or without his cast, McAleer said, the show will go on.Via: LA Times",0
15794,HE WAS WARNED AGAINST NEGOTIATING WITH TERRORISTS: Iran Says They Won’t Permit Foreigners “to inspect the most normal military site in their dreams.”,"Iran, where the thought police will always have a job: Not only will we not grant foreigners the permission to inspect our military sites, we will not even give them permission to think about such a subject. A spokesman for Iran s nuclear agency has once again rejected calls to grant IAEA access to military sites, continuing a war of words on the issue that began Sunday.Press TV reports that Behrouz Kamalvandi, spokesman for the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran (AEOI), gave an interview Monday in which he stated that demands for access to Iran s military sites were  not practical and acceptable.  According to Press TV, his statement was a response to a claim U.S. Energy Secretary Ernest Moniz made earlier in the day.During an interview with Bloomberg News earlier Monday, Secretary Moniz said,  We expect to have anywhere, anytime access  within Iran. That statement appears to match the contents of the U.S. fact sheet published three weeks ago. The fact sheet states,  Iran will be required to grant access to the IAEA to investigate suspicious sites or allegations of a covert enrichment facility, conversion facility, centrifuge production facility, or yellowcake production facility anywhere in the country. Secretary Moniz s statement about access  anywhere, anytime  was itself an apparent response to a blunt statement Sunday by Brigadier General Hossein Salami. According to Press TV, General Salami gave an interview to Fars News in which he stated,  Not only will we not grant foreigners the permission to inspect our military sites, we will not even give them permission to think about such a subject.  In case that was not clear enough, Gen. Salami added,  They will not even be permitted to inspect the most normal military site in their dreams. General Salami is not the first high ranking Iranian to deny the IAEA will get access to Iran s military sites under the proposed deal. Nearly two weeks ago, Iran s Defense Minister said any inspection of Iran s military sites was  a red line  and added that no  inspection of any kind from such facilities would be accepted.  Ayatollah Khamenei backed up that stance the next day.AEOI spokesman Behrouz Kamalvandi who said military site inspections were not  acceptable was reportedly awaiting a nuclear delegation from Russia to discuss the construction of two new nuclear power plants in Iran next year.Via: Breitbart News",0
15795,BREAKING: HILLARY CLINTON’S STATE DEPARTMENT GAVE RUSSIA HALF OF U.S. URANIUM TO REWARD DONOR,"IF SHE S NOT TOAST NOW THEN WE RE IN BIGGER TROUBLE THAN I THOUGHT.  There s so much more to this whole thing and it s just getting worse for Bill and Hill. Chickens coming home to roost?Hillary Clinton s State Department was part of a panel that approved the sale of one of America s largest uranium mines at the same time a foundation controlled by the seller s chairman was making donations to a Clinton family charity, records reviewed by The Wall Street Journal show.The $610 million sale of 51% of Uranium One to a unit of Rosatom, Russia s state nuclear agency, was approved in 2010 by a U.S. federal committee that assesses the security implications of foreign investments. The State Department, which Mrs. Clinton then ran, is one of its members.Between 2008 and 2012, the Clinton Giustra Sustainable Growth Initiative, a project of the Clinton Foundation, received $2.35 million from the Fernwood Foundation, a family charity run by Ian Telfer, chairman of Uranium One before its sale, according to Canada Revenue Agency records.The donations were first reported in  Clinton Cash,  a new book by Peter Schweizer, an editor-at-large at a conservative news website, about the financial dealings of Mrs. Clinton and former President Bill Clinton. A copy of the book, set to be released next month, was reviewed by The Wall Street Journal. The book is to be published by HarperCollins, a division of News Corp., which also publishes the Journal.Via: Breitbart News",0
15796,OBAMA’S FUNDAMENTAL TRANSFORMATION: Census Record Shows In 8 Years You Won’t Recognize This Country,"Adios America Census: Record 51 million immigrants in 8 years, will account for 82% of U.S. growthWisconsin Gov. Scott Walker disrupted the debate this week when he said that legal immigration also needs to be reformed to make sure Americans don t suffer by losing jobs to new citizens.But even more, the CIS report said that the surge in mostly legal immigrants will have a huge impact on the nation and taxpayers. These numbers have important implications for workers, schools, infrastructure, congestion and the environment,  said Steven Camarota, the center s director of research.  They also may have implications for our ability to successfully assimilate and integrate immigrants. Yet there has been almost no national debate about bringing in so many people legally each year, which is the primary factor driving these numbers. Those numbers are likely to shake up Washington s political debate over the 12 million illegals in America, the expected 70,000 expected to pour over the border this year and the 4.4 million legal immigrants on a State Department waiting list who have relatives or jobs in the U.S.A key senator steering the immigration debate, Alabama Republican Jeff Sessions, has warned that higher numbers of immigrants will hurt the middle class. In a letter to the New York Times Saturday, he wrote,  It defies reason to argue that the record admission of new foreign workers has no negative effect on the wages of American workers, including the wages of past immigrants hoping to climb into the middle class. Why would many of the largest business groups in the United States spend millions lobbying for the admission of more foreign workers if such policies did not cut labor costs? On Friday, key business leaders including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and a group associated with former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg plan to pitch for more immigration. Their schedule is below.The numbers, as seen in the highlights below, will also raise concerns that Washington is giving the keys to the nation to new immigrants:  The immigrant population will grow four times faster than the native born population, reaching 15.8 percent, or 57 million, of the nation s population in 2030, 17.1 percent, or 65 million, in 2040, and 18.8 percent, or 78 million, in 2060.  Net immigration this year will be 1.24 million; green cards about 1.1 million.  Immigrants and their descendants  will account for the overwhelming share of population growth,  said the Center in projecting growth. They will account for 75.5 percent from 2010-2050 and 82 percent from 2010-2060.  Census Bureau projects that in 2023 the nation s immigrant population, legal and illegal, will reach 14.8 percent of the total U.S. population, the highest share ever recorded.Via: Washington Examiner",0
15797,PULITZER PRIZE WINNING AUTHOR TONI MORRISON: “I want to see a cop shoot a white unarmed teenager in the back”,"The recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom from Barack Obama in 2012 had this to say when asked about racism: And I want to see a white man convicted for raping a black woman. Then when you ask me,  Is it over? , I will say yes. Age hasn t dimmed the fire in Toni Morrison, 84. The unwavering voice of black America talks about her latest novel and what it will take for racism to be a thing of the past.Toni Morrison is, without a doubt, a world-class novelist. Her work as an editor, however, has received much less attention. Morrison worked at Random House for 20 years, leaving in 1983, just before she set out to write her Pulitzer Prize-winning novel Beloved.At her apartment in lower Manhattan, I ask her about the ways in which American literature has changed, and she volunteers that she  had something to do with that . But she is not referring to her own fiction.  I said, I can t march, I have small children,  she tells me.  I m not the marching type anyway. So when I went into publishing, I thought, the best I can do is to publish the works of those who are out there   like Angela Davis, Huey Newton   and the literature. And let it be edited by someone who understands the language, and understands the culture. Last summer Morrison came to the Hay Festival and made three appearances over three days. In the course of those conversations, she touched on this issue a number of times, spinning it out, examining it, not tub-thumping but the opposite, as if there were still nothing conclusive to say. The question of race, she reflected,  is not static. You just have to swim in it for a bit .Since then, Eric Garner has been strangled by white policemen on Staten Island, Michael Brown has been shot by white policemen in Ferguson, Walter Scott has been shot by a white policeman in South Carolina.  People keep saying,  We need to have a conversation about race,  she says now.  This is the conversation. I want to see a cop shoot a white unarmed teenager in the back,  Morrison says finally.  And I want to see a white man convicted for raping a black woman. Then when you ask me,  Is it over? , I will say yes. Toni Morrison   who was then Chloe Wofford   grew up understanding none of this. In the small industrial town of Lorain in Ohio, where she was raised, the stories told by her Southern parents seemed unreal. Her father was a welder in the shipyards. Most of their neighbours were European immigrants, and in her high-school yearbook there were only two other black students.Had her father really witnessed a lynching when he was 14? Did they really have separate water fountains for white and coloured people in Georgia? It was only when she went to Howard University, a historically black college in Washington, DC, that she began to realise how things were. And off-campus, in the late 1940s, the city was segregated. She stole one of the wooden bars used to keep blacks at the back of buses and sent it to her mother as a grim keepsake.Morrison began to feel an affinity, a fascination. What emerged was a career-long project to   in her words    turn the gaze . She didn t want to write in order to persuade white people, as the abolitionists Frederick Douglass or Solomon Northup had. She wasn t interested in assuming a white person s worldview, like the mid-20th century writer Ralph Ellison ( Invisible to whom?  she says of his famous novel The Invisible Man). She didn t want to join in the black power cries of  screw whitey . When the revolutionary 1960s turned into the 1970s, she wanted to say,  Before we get on to the  black is beautiful  thing, may I remind you what it was like before, when it was lethal? So she wrote from the point of view of little black girls in her first two books, of 17th-century slaves in Mercy, of a child killed by her mother to save her from suffering in Beloved. She combined the metaphorical stories of her grandparents with the facts on the ground, and arrived at what she calls  imaginative resistance . To tell a tale, you have to pick up its pieces, she once suggested, comparing storytellers to Hansel and Gretel.  Their momma doesn t want them. They leave a little trail. That trail is language. In words that are simple and cadences that are sometimes incantatory, through action that is both true to life and magical in its habits of thought, Morrison has conveyed a series of black perspectives, thrown her readers into a world they had not previously met in fiction, and realigned American history by choosing the people through whom it might be told.Via: Telegraph UK",0
15798,WATCH JUDGE TELL DISRESPECTFUL GANGBANGER Taxpayer Funded Housing Project Where He Lives Is “not YOUR hood!”,"Maybe if we had more people in positions of authority who would speak out against this entitlement mentality and demand that these freeloaders respect what has been given to them by hard working Americans, we wouldn t be in this mess! It took the Chattanooga gangbanger about two seconds to realize he had mouthed off to the wrong judge.General Sessions Court Judge Lila Statom was presiding over a preliminary hearing on April 16 for attempted murder suspect O Shae Smith.Smith made a reference to a public housing development known as East Lake Courts, calling it his  hood. What happened next was captured on video by television station WRCB and has been seen by hundreds of thousands of people since.Judge Statom admonished the gang member with a heaping dose of Southern-flavored righteous indignation. Sir, East Lake Courts is not your hood,  she told Smith.  It s the citizens of the United States who own that   because they work and pay taxes. You don t own that. Judge Statom is Judge Judy with a Southern accent. It used to be a very nice place to live,  she said.  In fact, my grandmother lived there and I spent many a night and it was a nice place where you could walk around. People like you have made it a violent, unsafe place to live, and hopefully we can make it the place that it used to be back when it was originally built for people who didn t have anywhere else to live, to make it a safe place to live. That s what folks from Tennessee call a  Come to Jesus  moment.But this particular suspect wasn t the smartest fellow in his  hood.  He decided to mouth off to Her Honor, and Judge Statom was not in the mood for any of his nonsense. I don t think you want to say a word to me, Mr. Smith,  she interjected.And he wisely thought the better of it.Chattanoogans were thrilled with Judge Statom s tough talk and flooded the television station s website with comments. Get  em, lady,  wrote one viewer.  It s about time someone said something. If we had more judges like her, all this gang activity and violence would cease to exist,  wrote another.I spoke to Judge Statom by telephone the other day and she seemed genuinely surprised that her courtroom lecture had been seen by nearly 500,000 people. In modern parlance, Judge Statom has gone viral. I have been totally shocked,  she said.  I try not to say too much too often   but I do get really frustrated when people in our community are not working and are not contributing and yet they are committing crimes against others. Statom, a native of the Scenic City, is a career prosecutor who was appointed to the bench in 2012 by Gov. Bill Haslam.And while she is generally soft-spoken inside her courtroom, there are moments when the judge will provide advice from the bench. Sometimes I do give short speeches to people in domestic situations,  she said.  I say things like, if he beats you up, he doesn t love you. I also tell them to get an education. A man is not a plan. And then there was Oshae Smith claiming that East Lake Courts was his  hood. That struck a nerve that he was claiming that was his property,  she said.  There are a lot of people that live there that are law-abiding citizens. But it is also an area plagued with gang violence. They are bringing crime into those communities,  she said.  It s so unfair for people who have to live there. Judge Statom said she could tell that the gangbanger was nonplussed by his legal predicament. He was standing there like it wasn t affecting him in any way,  she told me.  I thought   he needs to know that gang members who go into communities like this are really affecting the people who have no choice but to live there. She acknowledges that her lecture probably won t have much of an impact on the street thug   but she said what she wanted to say.But when he tried to respond   she laid down the law. He raised his finger up and opened his mouth to speak and I had already decided he was not taking control over my courtroom,  she said.  I had already told him if he decided to speak I would let the prosecutor cross examine him. So do so at your own peril,  she told the defendant.O Shae Smith will eventually have his day in court   but one thing is clear. At some point and time he will have to answer for any crimes that he commits,  Judge Statom told me.  But he doesn t get to wreak havoc on our community. Via: FOX News",0
15799,BREAKING: SCHIZOPHRENIC COMMANDER IN CHIEF Sends 10 More WarshipsTo Defend Against Nuclear Iran While Working To Cut A Lopsided Deal With Them,"Which begs the question Whose corner is Obama in? Whose side has this President, who continues to downplay the genocide of Christians in the Middle East and openly demeans Israel s Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu taken in this civil war? Is he siding with the Sunni s or Shiite s? In the past 6 years one thing is clear, he certainly hasn t given us any reason to believe he s siding with America The aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt and escort guided missile cruiser USS Normandy were deployed to join 10 other American warships on the waters near Yemen to dissuade Iran from shipping weapons to Shiite Houthi rebels. This is really about sending a message,  a U.S. official, speaking about the deployment of the ships to Yemen, told The New York Times on condition of anonymity.  It is a message to our partners that we are in this and willing to support. It is a message to the Iranians that we re watching. It all has to do with the instability in Yemen. That is why those forces are there and have been recently increased,  Cmdr. Kevin Stephens, the spokesman for the Bahrain-based United States Fifth Fleet, told The Times.The U.S. ships have been deployed to deter  any illegal activity in the area,  including the illicit transit of Iranian weapons, he added.Last Tuesday, the United Nations Security Council imposed an arms embargo on the Iran-backed Houthis and their allies.CNN reports that the American ships lack the authority to  forcibly  board Iranian-flagged ships.However, CNN adds that the American warships will be  joining allied vessels from Saudi Arabia, Egypt and other partner nations prepared to intercept a convoy of seven to nine Iranian vessels believed [to be] headed for Yemen. The allies are prepared to board Iranian vessels if they proceed into Yemeni territorial waters. The Pentagon has denied that the USS Theodore Roosevelt and USS Normandy were deployed to interdict Iranian arms, Reuters reports.Following the deployment of U.S. ships, Hossein Amir Abdollahian, Iran s deputy foreign minister, expressed optimism about a ceasefire in the Yemen conflict. We are optimistic that in the coming hours, after many efforts, we will see a halt to military attacks in Yemen,  Abdollahian told Iranian Tasnim news agency on Tuesday, a day after the two ships were deployed, Reuters reports.In Yemen, Houthi rebels aligned with military units loyal to former Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh have been fighting against Saudi-led airstrikes and armed groups loyal to Yemen s internationally recognized President Abd Rabbo Mansour Hadi.The U.S. has been increasing its Naval presence in the Gulf of Aden and the southern Arabian Sea amid reports that a convoy of Iranian ships possibly carrying military supplies for the Houthis is on its way to Yemen.Although the Obama administration described the naval deployment as a show of force, it has also acknowledged that the flotilla could be used to block Iranian military supplies to the Houthi rebels.The 12 ships are also meant to reassure U.S. ally Saudi Arabia, which has been carrying out a bombing campaign against the Houthis and their allies since March 26.Lt. General Michael Flynn tells FOX News host Chris Wallace that Obama s policy is  almost a policy of willful ignorance. :https://youtu.be/GUxyc8-a2qYUnnamed officials told The New York Times that  Saudi Arabia has been bombing in a campaign against the Houthis for weeks, and the United States wanted to make clear to Iran that it backed the airstrikes and shared Riyadh s concerns about a possible rebel takeover in Yemen. Some of the American ships near Yemen are reportedly carrying 2,000 Marines and have been off the Yemeni coast since before the U.S. evacuated its embassy in Sanaa back in February..There appears to be friction between the U.S. and Iran, despite the ongoing nuclear negotiations between Washington and Tehran. White House officials acknowledged that they were compartmentalizing policy on Iran by confronting the country s aggressive posture in the region even as American diplomats tried to complete an agreement with Iran to limit its nuclear program,  notes The Times.Secretary of State John Kerry and Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary, have criticized Iran s military aid to the Houthi rebels.Earnest condemned Iran arming the Houthi rebels as  destabilizing  and accused the Islamic Republic of fueling violence in Yemen.He also denounced Iran arresting a reporter from The Washington Post and accusing him of espionage as  absurd. President Obama met with Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Al Nahyan, the crown prince of Abu Dhabi in the United Arab Emirates, to reassure him and his Sunni allies that are nervous about the nuclear talks with Shiite Iran.Via: Breitbart News",0
15800,WHY THESE ARMY ROTC CADETS WERE PRESSURED INTO WEARING HEELS WILL HAVE YOU SEEING RED…,"The wu$$ification of our military Army ROTC cadets are complaining on message boards that they were pressured to walk in high heels on Monday for an Arizona State University campus event designed to raise awareness of sexual violence against women.The Army openly encouraged participating in April s  Walk A Mile in Her Shoes  events in 2014, but now it appears as though ROTC candidates at ASU were faced with a volunteer event that became mandatory. Attendance is mandatory and if we miss it we get a negative counseling and a  does not support the battalion sharp/EO mission  on our CDT OER for getting the branch we want. So I just spent $16 on a pair of high heels that I have to spray paint red later on only to throw them in the trash after about 300 of us embarrass the U.S. Army tomorrow,  one anonymous cadet wrote on the social media sharing website Imgr, IJReview reported Monday.In a Reddit Army thread on the subject   titled  Okay, who put the cadets up to this?    one user said the claims were legitimate and added,  I just don t understand why [General] Combs would court political controversy like this. Isn t the military supposed to avoid faddish political movement and religious issues. Army ROTC cadets are complaining on message boards that they were pressured to walk in high heels on Monday for an Arizona State University campus event designed to raise awareness of sexual violence against women.The Army openly encouraged participating in April s  Walk A Mile in Her Shoes  events in 2014, but now it appears as though ROTC candidates at ASU were faced with a volunteer event that became mandatory.Via: Washington Times",0
15801,[VIDEO] ABOVE THE LAW: Hillary’s Campaign Van Caught Going 92 in a 65 mph Zone,"The laws don t apply to the Clinton s they re just for the  Everyday Americans Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton s campaign bus (known as the  Scooby Van ) reportedly led reporters on a high-speed chase Monday, breaking several traffic laws in the process.Among those chasing the van were reporters with the UK tabloid Daily Mail.  If police radar had been engaged, however, it would have clocked Hillary s signature black conversion van  hitting 92 mph in a driving rainstorm on Interstate 89, where the top speed limit is 65,  writes Daily Mail U.S. Political Editor David Martasko.Later in the day, the van later hit 73 in a 55 mph zone on its way to Claremont, New Hampshire. According to the Daily Mail, at no point did anyone in Clinton s motorcade display flashing lights or a siren. (WATCH: Desperate Media Gaggle Chase Down Hillary s Van Like Crazed Beatles Fans)Video courtesy of UK Daily MailThe reason for all these high-speed races? Clinton was visiting a number of politically-connected New Hampshirites in non-public events, including former New Hampshire state Senate President Sylvia Larsen and an aide to Democratic Senator Jeanne Shaheen.Via: Daily Caller",0
15802,UPDATED VIDEO: IS THIS AMERICA? CONSERVATIVES And Their Families Experience SHOCKING ABUSE And SHAMING In Their Homes Ordered By Leftist DA As Part Of Insane Vendetta,"This story should send chills down the spine of every American. Communism is on our doorstep THEY CAME WITH A BATTERING RAM. Cindy Archer, one of the lead architects of Wisconsin s Act 10   also called the  Wisconsin Budget Repair Bill,  it limited public-employee benefits and altered collective-bargaining rules for public-employee unions   was jolted awake by yelling, loud pounding at the door, and her dogs  frantic barking. The entire house   the windows and walls   was shaking.She looked outside to see up to a dozen police officers, yelling to open the door. They were carrying a battering ram. She wasn t dressed, but she started to run toward the door, her body in full view of the police. Some yelled at her to grab some clothes, others yelled for her to open the door. I was so afraid,  she says.  I did not know what to do.  She grabbed some clothes, opened the door, and dressed right in front of the police. The dogs were still frantic. I begged and begged,  Please don t shoot my dogs, please don t shoot my dogs, just don t shoot my dogs.  I couldn t get them to stop barking, and I couldn t get them outside quick enough. I saw a gun and barking dogs. I was scared and knew this was a bad mix.  She got the dogs safely out of the house, just as multiple armed agents rushed inside.Some even barged into the bathroom, where her partner was in the shower. The officer or agent in charge demanded that Cindy sit on the couch, but she wanted to get up and get a cup of coffee.  I told him this was my house and I could do what I wanted.  Wrong thing to say.  This made the agent in charge furious. He towered over me with his finger in my face and yelled like a drill sergeant that I either do it his way or he would handcuff me. They wouldn t let her speak to a lawyer.She looked outside and saw a person who appeared to be a reporter. Someone had tipped him off. The neighbors started to come outside, curious at the commotion, and all the while the police searched her house, making a mess, and   according to Cindy   leaving her  dead mother s belongings strewn across the basement floor in a most disrespectful way. Then they left, carrying with them only a cellphone and a laptop.Here is a videotaped interview of a neighbor who witnessed the police invasion of her home: IT S A MATTER OF LIFE OR DEATH.  That was the first thought of  Anne  (not her real name).Someone was pounding at her front door. It was early in the morning   very early   and it was the kind of heavy pounding that meant someone was either fleeing from   or bringing   trouble.  It was so hard. I d never heard anything like it. I thought someone was dying outside. She ran to the door, opened it, and then chaos.  People came pouring in. For a second I thought it was a home invasion. It was terrifying. They were yelling and running, into every room in the house. One of the men was in my face, yelling at me over and over and over. It was indeed a home invasion, but the people who were pouring in were Wisconsin law-enforcement officers. Armed, uniformed police swarmed into the house. Plainclothes investigators cornered her and her newly awakened family.Soon, state officials were seizing the family s personal property, including each person s computer and smartphone, filled with the most intimate family information.Why were the police at Anne s home? She had no answers. The police were treating them the way they d seen police treat drug dealers on television. In fact, TV or movies were their only points of reference, because they weren t criminals. They were law-abiding. They didn t buy or sell drugs. They weren t violent. They weren t a danger to anyone. Yet there were cops   surrounding their house on the outside, swarming the house on the inside.They even taunted the family as if they were mere  perps. As if the home invasion, the appropriation of private property, and the verbal abuse weren t enough, next came ominous warnings.Don t call your lawyer. Don t tell anyone about this raid. Not even your mother, your father, or your closest friends.The entire neighborhood could see the police around their house, but they had to remain silent. This was not the  right to remain silent  as uttered by every cop on every legal drama on television   the right against self-incrimination.They couldn t mount a public defense if they wanted   or even offer an explanation to family and friends. Yet no one in this family was a  perp. Instead, like Cindy, they were American citizens guilty of nothing more than exercising their First Amendment rights to support Act 10 and other conservative causes in Wisconsin. Sitting there shocked and terrified, this citizen   who is still too intimidated to speak on the record   kept thinking,  Is this America? THEY FOLLOWED ME TO MY KIDS  ROOMS.  For the family of  Rachel  (not her real name), the ordeal began before dawn   with the same loud, insistent knocking. Still in her pajamas, Rachel answered the door and saw uniformed police, poised to enter her home.When Rachel asked to wake her children herself, the officer insisted on walking into their rooms. The kids woke to an armed officer, standing near their beds. The entire family was herded into one room, and there they watched as the police carried off their personal possessions, including items that had nothing to do with the subject of the search warrant   even her daughter s computer.And, yes, there were the warnings. Don t call your lawyer. Don t talk to anyone about this. Don t tell your friends.The kids watched   alarmed   as the school bus drove by, with the students inside watching the spectacle of uniformed police surrounding the house, carrying out the family s belongings. Yet they were told they couldn t tell anyone at school. They, too, had to remain silent.The mom watched as her entire life was laid open before the police. Her professional files, her personal files, everything. She knew this was all politics. She knew a rogue prosecutor was targeting her for her political beliefs. And she realized,  Every aspect of my life is in their hands. And they hate me. Fortunately for her family, the police didn t taunt her or her children. Some of them seemed embarrassed by what they were doing. At the end of the ordeal, one officer looked at the family, still confined to one room, and said,  Some days, I hate my job. For dozens of conservatives, the years since Scott Walker s first election as governor of Wisconsin transformed the state   known for pro-football championships, good cheese, and a population with a reputation for being unfailingly polite   into a place where conservatives have faced early-morning raids, multi-year secretive criminal investigations, slanderous and selective leaks to sympathetic media, and intrusive electronic snooping.Yes, Wisconsin, the cradle of the progressive movement and home of the  Wisconsin idea    the marriage of state governments and state universities to govern through technocratic reform   was giving birth to a new progressive idea, the use of law enforcement as a political instrument, as a weapon to attempt to undo election results, shame opponents, and ruin lives.Most Americans have never heard of these raids, or of the lengthy criminal investigations of Wisconsin conservatives. For good reason. Bound by comprehensive secrecy orders, conservatives were left to suffer in silence as leaks ruined their reputations, as neighbors, looking through windows and dismayed at the massive police presence, the lights shining down on targets  homes, wondered, no doubt, What on earth did that family do?This was the on-the-ground reality of the so-called John Doe investigations, expansive and secret criminal proceedings that directly targeted Wisconsin residents because of their relationship to Scott Walker, their support for Act 10, and their advocacy of conservative reform.Largely hidden from the public eye, this traumatic process, however, is now heading toward a legal climax, with two key rulings expected in the late spring or early summer.The first ruling, from the Wisconsin supreme court, could halt the investigations for good, in part by declaring that the  misconduct  being investigated isn t misconduct at all but the simple exercise of First Amendment rights.The second ruling, from the United States Supreme Court, could grant review on a federal lawsuit brought by Wisconsin political activist Eric O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth, the first conservatives to challenge the investigations head-on.If the Court grants review, it could not only halt the investigations but also begin the process of holding accountable those public officials who have so abused their powers.But no matter the outcome of these court hearings, the damage has been done. In the words of Mr. O Keefe,  The process is the punishment. UPDATED VIDEO INTERVIEW WITH BLAZE TV s DANA LOESCH:It all began innocently enough. In 2009, officials from the office of the Milwaukee County executive contacted the office of the Milwaukee district attorney, headed by John Chisholm, to investigate the disappearance of $11,242.24 from the Milwaukee chapter of the Order of the Purple Heart.The matter was routine, with witnesses willing and able to testify against the principal suspect, a man named Kevin Kavanaugh.What followed, however, was anything but routine. Chisholm failed to act promptly on the report, and when he did act, he refused to conduct a conventional criminal investigation but instead petitioned, in May 2010, to open a  John Doe  investigation, a proceeding under Wisconsin law that permits Wisconsin officials to conduct extensive investigations while keeping the target s identity secret (hence the designation  John Doe ).John Doe investigations alter typical criminal procedure in two important ways: First, they remove grand juries from the investigative process, replacing the ordinary citizens of a grand jury with a supervising judge.Second, they can include strict secrecy requirements not just on the prosecution but also on the targets of the investigation. In practice, this means that, while the prosecution cannot make public comments about the investigation, it can take public actions indicating criminal suspicion (such as raiding businesses and homes in full view of the community) while preventing the targets of the raids from defending against or even discussing the prosecution s claims.Why would Chisholm seek such broad powers to investigate a year-old embezzlement claim with a known suspect? Because the Milwaukee County executive, Scott Walker, had by that time become the leading Republican candidate for governor. District Attorney Chisholm was a Democrat, a very partisan Democrat.Almost immediately after opening the John Doe investigation, Chisholm used his expansive powers to embarrass Walker, raiding his county-executive offices within a week.As Mr. O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth explained in court filings, the investigation then dramatically expanded: Over the next few months, [Chisholm s] investigation of all-things-Walker expanded to include everything from alleged campaign-finance violations to sexual misconduct to alleged public contracting bid-rigging to alleged misuse of county time and property.Between May 5, 2010, and May 3, 2012, the Milwaukee Defendants filed at least eighteen petitions to formally  [e]nlarge  the scope of the John Doe investigation, and each was granted. . .That amounts to a new formal inquiry every five and a half weeks, on average, for two years.This expansion coincided with one of the more remarkable state-level political controversies in modern American history   the protest (and passage) of Act 10, followed by the attempted recall of a number of Wisconsin legislators and, ultimately, Governor Walker.Political observers will no doubt remember the events in Madison   the state capitol overrun by chanting protesters, Democratic lawmakers fleeing the state to prevent votes on the legislation, and tens of millions of dollars of outside money flowing into the state as Wisconsin became, fundamentally, a proxy fight pitting the union-led Left against the Tea Party led economic Right.At the same time that the public protests were raging, so were private   but important   protests in the Chisholm home and workplace.As a former prosecutor told journalist Stuart Taylor, Chisholm s wife was a teachers -union shop steward who was distraught over Act 10 s union reforms. He said Chisholm  felt it was his personal duty  to stop them. Meanwhile, according to this whistleblower, the district attorney s offices were festooned with the  blue fist  poster of the labor-union movement, indicating that Chisholm s employees were very much invested in the political fight.In the end, the John Doe proceeding failed in its ultimate aims. It secured convictions for embezzlement (related to the original 2009 complaint), a conviction for sexual misconduct, and a few convictions for minor campaign violations, but Governor Walker was untouched, his reforms were implemented, and he survived his recall election. But with another election looming   this time Walker s campaign for reelection   Chisholm wasn t finished.He launched yet another John Doe investigation,  supervised  by Judge Barbara Kluka. Kluka proved to be capable of superhuman efficiency   approving  every petition, subpoena, and search warrant in the case  in a total of one day s work.If the first series of John Doe investigations was  everything Walker,  the second series was  everything conservative,  as Chisholm had launched an investigation of not only Walker (again) but the Wisconsin Club for Growth and dozens of other conservative organizations, this time fishing for evidence of allegedly illegal  coordination  between conservative groups and the Walker campaign.In the second John Doe, Chisholm had no real evidence of wrongdoing. Yes, conservative groups were active in issue advocacy, but issue advocacy was protected by the First Amendment and did not violate relevant campaign laws.Nonetheless, Chisholm persuaded prosecutors in four other counties to launch their own John Does, with Judge Kluka overseeing all of them.Empowered by a rubber-stamp judge, partisan investigators ran amok. They subpoenaed and obtained (without the conservative targets  knowledge) massive amounts of electronic data, including virtually all the targets  personal e-mails and other electronic messages from outside e-mail vendors and communications companies.The investigations exploded into the open with a coordinated series of raids on October 3, 2013. These were home invasions, including those described above. Chisholm s office refused to comment on the raid tactics (or any other aspect of the John Doe investigations), but witness accounts regarding the two John Doe investigations are remarkably similar: early-morning intrusions, police rushing through the house, and stern commands to remain silent and tell no one about what had occurred.At the same time, the Wisconsin Club for Growth and other conservative organizations received broad subpoenas requiring them to turn over virtually all business records, including  donor information, correspondence with their associates, and all financial information.  The subpoenas also contained dire warnings about disclosure of their existence, threatening contempt of court if the targets spoke publicly.For select conservative families across five counties, this was the terrifying moment   the moment they felt at the mercy of a truly malevolent state.Speaking both on and off the record, targets reflected on how many layers of Wisconsin government failed their fundamental constitutional duties   the prosecutors who launched the rogue investigations, the judge who gave the abuse judicial sanction, investigators who chose to taunt and intimidate during the raids, and those police who ultimately approved and executed aggressive search tactics on law-abiding, peaceful citizens.For some of the families, the trauma of the raids, combined with the stress and anxiety of lengthy criminal investigations, has led to serious emotional repercussions.  Devastating  is how Anne describes the impact on her family.  Life-changing,  she says.  All in terrible ways. O Keefe, who has been in contact with multiple targeted families, says,  Every family I know of that endured a home raid has been shaken to its core, and the fate of marriages and families still hangs in the balance in some cases. Anne also describes a new fear of the police:  I used to support the police, to believe they were here to protect us. Now, when I see an officer, I ll cross the street. I m afraid of them. I know what they re capable of.  Cindy says,  I lock my doors and I close my shades. I don t answer the door unless I am expecting someone. My heart races when I see a police car sitting in front of my house or following me in the car.The raid was so public. I ve been harassed. My house has been vandalized. [She did not identify suspects.] I no longer feel safe, and I don t think I ever will. Rachel talks about the effect on her children.  I tried to create a home where the kids always feel safe. Now they know they re not. They know men with guns can come in their house, and there s nothing we can do.  Every knock on the door brings anxiety. Every call to the house is screened. In the back of her mind is a single, unsettling thought: These people will never stop.Victims of trauma   and every person I spoke with described the armed raids as traumatic   often need to talk, to share their experiences and seek solace in the company of a loving family and supportive friends. The investigators denied them that privilege, and it compounded their pain and fear. The investigation not only damaged families, it also shut down their free speech. In many cases, the investigations halted conservative groups in their tracks.O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth described the effect in court filings: O Keefe s associates began cancelling meetings with him and declining to take his calls, reasonably fearful that merely associating with him could make them targets of the investigation.O Keefe was forced to abandon fundraising for the Club because he could no longer guarantee to donors that their identities would remain confidential, could not (due to the Secrecy Order) explain to potential donors the nature of the investigation, could not assuage donors  fears that they might become targets themselves, and could not assure donors that their money would go to fund advocacy rather than legal expenses.The Club was also paralyzed. Its officials could not associate with its key supporters, and its funds were depleted. It could not engage in issue advocacy for fear of criminal sanction.These raids and subpoenas were often based not on traditional notions of probable cause but on mere suspicion, untethered to the law or evidence, and potentially violating the Fourth Amendment s prohibition against  unreasonable searches and seizures.  The very existence of First Amendment protected expression was deemed to be evidence of illegality.The prosecution simply assumed that the conservatives were incapable of operating within the bounds of the law. Even worse, many of the investigators  legal theories, even if proven by the evidence, would not have supported criminal prosecutions. In other words, they were investigating  crimes  that weren t crimes at all.If the prosecutors had applied the same legal standards to the Democrats in their own offices, they would have been forced to turn the raids on themselves. If the prosecutors and investigators had been raided, how many of their computers and smartphones would have contained incriminating information indicating use of government resources for partisan purposes?With the investigations now bursting out into the open, some conservatives began to fight back. O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth moved to quash the John Doe subpoenas aimed at them.In a surprise move, Judge Kluka, who had presided over the Doe investigations for more than a year, recused herself from the case. (A political journal, the Wisconsin Reporter, attempted to speak to Judge Kluka about her recusal, but she refused to offer comment.)The new judge in the case, Gregory Peterson, promptly sided with O Keefe and blocked multiple subpoenas, holding (in a sealed opinion obtained by the Wall Street Journal, which has done invaluable work covering the John Doe investigations) that they  do not show probable cause that the moving parties committed any violations of the campaign finance laws. The judge noted that  the State is not claiming that any of the independent organizations expressly advocated  Walker s election. O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth followed up Judge Peterson s ruling by filing a federal lawsuit against Chisholm and a number of additional defendants, alleging multiple constitutional violations, including a claim that the investigation constituted unlawful retaliation against the plaintiffs for the exercise of their First Amendment rights.United States District Court judge Rudolph Randa promptly granted the plaintiffs  motion for a preliminary injunction, declaring that  the Defendants must cease all activities related to the investigation, return all property seized in the investigation from any individual or organization, and permanently destroy all copies of information and other materials obtained through the investigation. From that point forward, the case proceeded on parallel state and federal tracks. At the federal level, the Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals reversed Judge Randa s order.Declining to consider the case on the merits, the appeals court found the lawsuit barred by the federal Anti-Injunction Act, which prohibits federal courts from issuing injunctions against some state-court proceedings.O Keefe and the Wisconsin Club for Growth have petitioned the Supreme Court for a writ of certiorari and expect a ruling in a matter of weeks.At the same time, the John Doe prosecutors took their case to the Wisconsin Court of Appeals to attempt to restart the Doe proceedings. The case was ultimately consolidated before the state supreme court, with a ruling also expected in a matter of weeks.And so, almost five years after their secret beginning, the John Doe proceedings are nearly dead   on  life support,  according to one Wisconsin pundit   but incalculable damage has been done, to families, to activist organizations, to the First Amendment, and to the rule of law itself.In international law, the Western world has become familiar with a concept called  lawfare,  a process whereby rogue regimes or organizations abuse legal doctrines and processes to accomplish through sheer harassment and attrition what can t be accomplished through legitimate diplomatic means. The Palestinian Authority and its defenders have become adept at lawfare, putting Israel under increasing pressure before the U.N. and other international bodies.The John Doe investigations are a form of domestic lawfare, and our constitutional system is ill equipped to handle it. Federal courts rarely intervene in state judicial proceedings, state officials rarely lose their array of official immunities for the consequences of their misconduct, and violations of First Amendment freedoms rarely result in meaningful monetary damages for the victims.As Scott Walker runs for president, the national media will finally join the Wall Street Journal in covering John Doe.Given the mainstream media s typical bias and bad faith, they are likely to bring a fresh round of pain to the targets of the investigation; the cloud of suspicion will descend once again; even potential favorable court rulings by either the state supreme court or the U.S. Supreme Court will be blamed on  conservative justices  taking care of their own.Conservatives have looked at Wisconsin as a success story, where Walker took everything the Left threw at him and emerged victorious in three general elections. He broke the power of the teachers  unions and absorbed millions upon millions of dollars of negative ads. The Left kept chanting,  This is what democracy looks like,  and in Wisconsin, democracy looked like Scott Walker winning again and again.Yet in a deeper way, Wisconsin is anything but a success. There were casualties left on the battlefield   innocent citizens victimized by a lawless government mob, public officials who brought the full power of their office down onto the innocent.Governors come and go. Statutes are passed and repealed. Laws and elections are important, to be sure, but the rule of law is more important still. And in Wisconsin, the rule of law hangs in the balance   along with the liberty of citizens.As I finished an interview with one victim still living in fear, still shattered by the experience of nearly losing everything simply because she supported the wrong candidate at the wrong time, I asked whether she had any final thoughts.  Just one,  she replied.  I m hoping for accountability, that someone will be held responsible so that they ll never do this again.  She paused for a moment and then, with voice trembling, said:  No one should ever endure what my family endured. Via: National Review",0
15803,"HILLARY TELLS ANOTHER WHOPPER! IT’S 2015, DOES SHE THINK WE CAN’T CHECK HER LIES?","Why the heck does she keep telling these whoppers when we can just Google or read up on the truth? The bs just slips from her lips like it s a fact. Unreal!Grandma Clinton told a group of New Hampshire Voters Monday  The first place I ever came for any political campaign was in 1991, when I was here campaigning for my husband, in October of 1991. In 1968, Hillary Clinton Worked On The Presidential Campaign Of Senator Eugene McCarthy In  New Hampshire That Winter.     Ms. Rodham had traveled to New Hampshire several times that winter to volunteer for Mr. McCarthy, the Minnesota Democrat challenging President Lyndon B. Johnson for the Democratic nomination. Mr. McCarthy s message   that the antiwar movement should operate within the system, not on the streets   appealed to Ms. Rodham. ..  Her political itinerary that year resembles a frenzied travelogue of youthful contradiction. She might have been the only 20-year-old in America who worked on the antiwar presidential campaign of Senator Eugene McCarthy in New Hampshire that winter and for the hawkish Republican congressman Melvin Laird in Washington that summer.  (Mark Leibovich,  In Turmoil Of  68, Clinton Found A New Voice,  The New York Times, 9/5/07)Clinton Worked On George McGovern s Campaign For President In Texas In 1972.  The McGovern campaign set up shop in an empty store front on West Sixth Street. I had a small cubicle that I rarely occupied because I spent most of my time in the field, trying to register the newly enfranchised eighteen-to-twenty-one-year-olds and driving around South Texas working to register black and Hispanic voters.  (Hillary Clinton,  Living History,  2003)Clinton Was The Field Coordinator For Jimmy Carter s 1976 Campaign In Indiana. With Bill s election assured, we both felt free to get involved in Carter s campaign when he became the Democratic nominee Upon our return to Fayetteville, Carter s staff asked Bill to head the campaign in Arkansas and me to be the field coordinator in Indiana. Indiana was a heavily Republican state, but Carter thought his southern roots and farming background might appeal to even Republican voters. I thought it was a long shot, but I was game to try.  (Hillary Clinton,  Living History,  2003) Via: Diogene s Middle Finger ",0
15804,5-Star Mooch and Free-Loading Granny Drop In For Lunch In New York On The Taxpayer’s Dime…,"Nothing but the best for the queen and the queen s mom No other mother-in-law of a President in the history of the United States has enjoyed a more extravagant lifestyle than that of Mooch s mom, Marian Robinson. Thanks to Mooch and Barack s generosity with other people s money, she has become accustomed living the high life in our White House. She s been the recipient of an excessive number taxpayer funded luxury vacations planned by Mooch for their extended family and friends.Enjoying a perfect spring day in New York City, the First Lady and  Grandmother-in-chief , Marian Robinson, had a mother-daughter bonding lunch in Greenwich Village.The two sat down for a meal at Lupa, a small Italian eatery on Thompson Street and were looked after by owner and restaurant mogul Mario Batali.Batali was heard telling the photographers waiting out of the trattoria that the pair had the  Chef s Roman Tasting Menu .Outside the eatery a group of bodyguards stood on the sidewalk waiting for the two.Here a just a few photos from taxpayer funded trips with Mooch and Marian:The taxpayers have been good to Mooch and Marian. As word spread that the First Lady and her mom were dining inside, resident s in the building above the restaurant emerged on their fire escapes, keen to get a look.Via: Daily Mail ",0
15805,DEATH PANELS? PRINCETON PROFESSOR WANTS TO KILL DISABLED BABIES And Wants Obamacare To Pay For It,"Hell has a special spot reserved for this horrible man According to an article published Sunday by World Net Daily, a Princeton University professor has suggested that severely disabled infants be killed to cut health care costs and for moral reasons. In a radio interview Sunday with Aaron Klein, broadcast on New York s AM 970 The Answer and Philadelphia s NewsTalk 990 AM, Princeton University ethics professor Peter Singer argued it is  reasonable  for government or private insurance companies to deny treatment to severely disabled babies.Several times during the interview Singer argued the health-care system under Obamacare should openly acknowledge health-care rationing and that the country should acknowledge the necessity of  intentionally ending the lives of severely disabled infants.  Singer also repeatedly referred to a disabled infant as  it  during the interview.According the WND, Singer is well-known for his controversial views on abortion and infanticide. He essentially argues the right to life is related to a being s capacity for intelligence and to hold life preferences, which in turn is directly related to a capacity to feel and comprehend pain and pleasure.Singer told Klein rationing is already happening, saying doctors and hospitals routinely make decisions based on costs. Klein is the host of  Aaron Klein Investigative Radio,  a syndicated radio program that airs in several markets across the US. Klein is also a columnist at WND. It s different in the U.S. system, in a way, because it doesn t do this overtly; maybe it doesn t do it as much,  Singer explained.  And the result is it spends about twice as much on health care as some other countries for very little extra benefit in terms of the outcome. During the interview Klein quoted from a section of Singer s 1993 treatise  Practical Ethics,  titled  Taking Life: Humans.  In the section, Singer argued for the morality of  non-voluntary euthanasia  for human beings not capable of understanding the choice between life and death, including  severely disabled infants, and people who through accident, illness, or old age have permanently lost the capacity to understand the issue involved. Singer contends that the wrongness of killing a human being is not based on the fact that the individual is alive and human. Instead, Singer argues it is  characteristics like rationality, autonomy, and self-consciousness that make a difference.  When asked by Klein whether he envisions denying treatment to disabled infants to become more common in the US under the new health-care law, Singer replied:  It does happen. Not necessarily because of costs. If an infant is born with a massive hemorrhage in the brain that means it will be so severely disabled that if the infant lives it will never even be able to recognize its mother, it won t be able to interact with any other human being, it will just lie there in the bed and you could feed it but that s all that will happen, doctors will turn off the respirator that is keeping that infant alive. I don t know whether they are influenced by reducing costs,  Singer continued.  Probably they are just influenced by the fact that this will be a terrible burden for the parents to look after, and there will be no quality of life for the child. So we are already taking steps that quite knowingly and intentionally are ending the lives of severely disabled infants. And I think we ought to be more open in recognizing that this happens. Klein then asked singer,  I know that it happens and it happens certainly if the family gives consent. But do you think in the future in order to ensure a more fair rationing of health-care and health-care costs, that it should actually be instituted more? The killing of severely disabled babies? Singer responded by saying the killing of infants would be  quite reasonable  if it saved money that can be used for better purposes. He contended that most people would say they don t want their premiums to be higher  so that infants who can experience zero quality of life can have expensive treatments. Singer s full response: I think if you had a health-care system in which governments were trying to say,  Look, there are some things that don t provide enough benefits given the costs of those treatments. And if we didn t do them we would be able to do a lot more good for other people who have better prospects, then yes.I think it would be reasonable for governments to say,  This treatment is not going to be provided on the national health service if it s a country with a national health service. Or in the United States on Medicare or Medicade. And I think it will be reasonable for insurance companies also to say,  You know, we won t insure you for this or we won t insure you for this unless you are prepared to pay an extra premium, or perhaps they have a fund with lower premiums for people who don t want to insure against that. Because I think most people, when they think about that, would say that s quite reasonable. You know, I don t want my health insurance premiums to be higher so that infants who can experience zero quality of life can have expensive treatments. Via: Examiner.com",0
15806,NO MORE FUN FREEBIES ON BACKS OF HARD WORKING AMERICANS: Kansas Takes “Fun” Activities Out Of Welfare,"Meanwhile, families with two full time working parents have been choosing generic cheerios from the cereal aisle at Kroger and forgoing vacations so welfare recipients can fill their leisure time with fun activities. If you re wondering how we ever got to this point, look no further than the Democrats freebies (on your dime) for votes scheme There s nothing fun about being on welfare, and a new Kansas law aims to keep it that way.Republican Gov. Sam Brownback signed House Bill 2258 into law Thursday. The measure means Kansas families receiving government assistance will no longer be able to use those funds to visit swimming pools, see movies, go gambling or get tattoos on the state s dime.Those are just a few of the restrictions contained within the law that aims to tighten regulations on how poor families spend their government aid. It will go into effect July 1.The measure   called the HOPE Act by supporters    provides an opportunity for success,  Brownback said in a statement after signing the bill.  It s about the dignity of work and helping families move from reliance on a government pittance to becoming self-sufficient by developing the skills to find a well-paying job and build a career. State Sen. Michael O Donnell, a Wichita Republican who has advocated for the bill, said the legislation was designed to pressure those receiving Temporary Assistance for Needy Families to spend  more responsibly. We re trying to make sure those benefits are used the way they were intended,  O Donnell, vice chair of the state senate s standing committee on public health and welfare, told the Topeka Capital-Journal earlier this year.  This is about prosperity. This is about having a great life. That, according to the legislation, means limiting spending on body piercings, massages, spas, tobacco, nail salons, lingerie, arcades, cruise ships or visits to psychics. The measure   which limits TANF recipients from withdrawing more than $25 per day from ATMs   also forbids recipients from spending money at a: theme park, dog or horse racing facility, parimutuel facility, or sexually oriented business or any retail establishment which provides adult-oriented entertainment in which performers disrobe or perform in an unclothed state for entertainment, or in any business or retail establishment where minors under age 18 are not permitted. I just think we are simply saying to people,  If you are asking for assistance in this state, you re sort of less than other people and we re going to tell you how and where to spend your money,  state Rep. Carolyn Bridges, a Wichita Democrat, said during a House debate, according to the Associated Press.The Kansas House and Senate passed the bill April 2 with wide support from Republicans, who control both legislative chambers, according to the APVia: Washington Post",0
15807,(VIDEO) LAWYER FOR “Patriot” Gyrocopter Mailman Who Landed On White House Lawn Asks A Very Good Question," I m Doug Hughes, I m 61 years old and I m a mailman working out of Riverview, Florida. No sane person would do what I m doing. I had carefully planned it so that no one would get hurt, including me especially me. I thought about being 75 years old and watching the collapse of this country, and thinking that I had an idea that might have arrested the fall  and didn t do it. And I will tell you, completely honestly that I d rather die in the flight than live to be 80 years old and see this country fall. The wife of a Florida man who was arrested after he landed a one-man gyrocopter on the west lawn of the U.S. Capitol building to protest money in politics insists that her husband is a patriot.While she says that she was not aware that her husband was going to attempt the illegal flight to Washington, Alena Hughes nonetheless believes that her husband is a  patriot  who  loves his country. I think he s a patriot and I m proud of him,  Mrs. Hughes told the media.Still, the whole incident has been  stressful,  Alena said.Doug Hughes, 61, a post office employee from Tampa Bay, Florida, told Capitol police that his gyrocopter mission was to highlight  money in politics  and he intended to deliver a letter to each member of Congress to urge them to initiate campaign finance reform.Since his arrest, the 61-year-old also claimed that the 2012 suicide of his son, John Joseph, also motivated him to make his protest flight.Hughes hired an attorney in Washington, but Mrs. Hughes also hired Paul Carr, her own attorney, just in case.Mrs. Hughes  attorney had an interesting take on Mr. Hughes  actions.  Tell me what restrictions mailmen have to deliver mail,  Carr said. The attorney went on saying,  He has a right to deliver mail. In fact, it s his obligation. Purportedly getting money out of politics has been a long-time goal of the left-wing. But Hughes is fighting against several Supreme Court decisions that holds that donating to politicians and political causes equates to a protected right of free speech. Via: Breitbart NewsHERE IS THE VIDEO FOOTAGE TAKEN BY A TEACHER OUTSIDE OF THE WHITE HOUSE AS HUGHES MADE HIS LANDING ON THE WHITE HOUSE LAWN:",0
15808,WATCH WHAT HAPPENS WHEN COLLEGE STUDENTS ARE ASKED “Are you ready for Hillary”,"Listen to the mind boggling answers to these questions asked by Caleb Bonham, founder of Campus Reform. Just for fun, we ve included the latest ad by the AmericaRisingPAC (You won t want to miss it. We promise it s pretty awesome!)What is the biggest reason you re voting for Hillary?What is the #1 reason you would support a woman President?Like if I said I support Scott Walker because he s a man would that be sexist? Do you think that s a qualifying factor to be President, the Commander in Chief that she s a woman? WATCH THIS AMAZING NEW ANTI-HILLARY AD BY THE AMERICA RISING PAC:",0
15809,MUST WATCH VIDEO: LISTEN TO OBAMA AND HIS COMMIE MENTOR AND YOU’LL WONDER HOW SOMEONE WHO DISLIKES AMERICA SO MUCH COULD BECOME OUR PRESIDENT,"OBAMA SPEAKS ABOUT FRANK AND HIS MENTOR WHO SCHOOLED HIM ON WHITE RACISM  What I m trying to tell you is your [white] grandma s right to be scared . She understands that black people have a reason to hate. That s just how it is. For your sake, I wish it were otherwise. But it s not. So you might as well get used to it.    Frank Marshall Davis OBAMA S COMMIE MENTOR SPEAKS ",0
15810,WHY CHRISTIANS ARE ASKING THEIR FELLOW CHRISTIANS TO WEAR ORANGE TO CHURCH #orangejumpsuit,"It s about time Rev. Patrick Mahoney, of Church on the Hill in Washington, D.C. says that Christians in America cannot afford to be silent about what s going on.Speaking with Fox News on Friday, he discussed the persecution of Christians worldwide. Every five minutes, a Christian dies for their faith around the world. That s over 100,000  a year, he said.Mahoney started the #orangejumpsuit project to raise awareness, encouraging supporters to wear orange in a show of support for Christians being murdered for their faith. The color represents the jumpsuits worn by captives of ISIS, including the 20 Egyptian Copts beheaded in Libya in February.As Christians around the country embrace the campaign by wearing orange to church, Mahoney argued that it is not a strictly Christian movement. Americans need to realize we are seeing a genocide the likes we have not seen in a generation,  he said.And for women, forced into marriages and sold into sex trafficking operations, he said, it is  especially horrifying. Mahoney has been working with religious leaders of many faiths   including Muslims   to be more vocal in condemning the persecutions.He recently stood outside the White House personally wearing an orange jumpsuit bearing the name of Saeed Abedini, an American pastor jailed in Iran.Via: Biz Pac Review",0
15811,"LOW FLUSH TOILETS, DELTA SMELT, PAYOFFS, NEIGHBORHOOD SNITCHES AND STATISTS…Why The Radical Left Is Lying About A Water Crisis In CA","Dr. Gina Loudon is hands down one of our favorite conservative writers. She nails it with this piece about the truth behind the lies of the California drought I found it supremely ironic this week that two of the big stories were about a man-made lack of water in California, and a man lost in a vast sea off of Florida.Gov. Jerry  Moonbeam  Brown announced the dire circumstances, not from the Capitol in Sacramento, but from the dramatic backdrop of a mountaintop. His narrative held that there should be five feet of  snow pack,  but alas, there was none. Brown, and the radical Marxists, couched as  environmentalists  he represents, have convinced most Americans to hold two radically opposing views simultaneously. Ostensibly, California is in danger of being flooded by rising sea levels caused by global warming and melting polar ice caps, and it is also utterly out of water.There is no shortage of water. This is an environmentalist-created drought that is costing billions.I waver between utter disgust and admiration when I watch how the leftists sell these things, always with straight faces. Every major news outlet in America and many around the world swallowed the narrative like fish on a baited hook. They tell us there is no water, no snow to provide water for the summer, and the farmers are taking too much so people must suffer. There is an all-out war on grass, and no one is safe. Sorry, Shaggy, your  grass  is to blame as well.There is hand wringing in every club house as the boards are told they are coming for the rough grass, your fairways and greens are safe, for now. Evil rich guys in colorful knickers and almond farmers in overalls are the scourge of California. Off with their heads! Oh, and you can forget about the luxury of children playing on the lawn. If you want that, you breeders should move to flyover land! Don t you dare sneak and water the backyard after dark; Brown makes it easy for your neighbors to snitch on you. I m not making this up. They really have a state hotline for that.Those of us who pay attention know well the proverb,  Where there is no vision, the people perish.  The people who built California into the greatest agricultural producer in America gave us dams, canals, reservoirs and all kinds of conveyance of water. They harnessed the rivers that reach from the Pacific Northwest down well into Northern California and even draw water to the Golden State from the Colorado River. That was then. Nothing has changed since then, except political power.For the last several decades, the radical fringe has taken full control of California, and it hates people. Dennis Prager observed that statists love humanity but hate humans. Watch how they latch onto dreams of egalitarian states but begin the execution of their plans by marginalizing, isolating and then executing anyone who disagrees with them. They dine in the finest restaurants in San Francisco, the likes of Brown, Pelosi, Boxer and Feinstein, planning lawsuits to cut the flow of water to the farms of Central California and the people in Southern California, caring not a wit that 40,000 agricultural workers, mostly Hispanic, are unemployed.Just this week, in the middle of a human crisis, federal fish agents ordered the release of billions of gallons of water purportedly to save six fish. You read that right. Not to save six species of fish, but literally, six fish. Apparently, these special six stood their, err ground, and when 29 of their compadres rode the 10 billion gallon man-made wave to the ocean in March, they refused to go with the flow (sorry).You can t make this stuff up. But when you do, people actually believe it.So Obama administration agents want a second toilet flush to give these hard-headed steelheads a second nudge. The idea that nature itself may be holding the fish where they are is of no concern to statists who love telling both man and beast what they think is good for them. Sadly, this latest mind-boggling atrocity is getting very little media coverage. I found excellent coverage in the Manteca Bulletin. Why hasn t the Los Angeles Times reported on this?The current shortage is based primarily on the release of billions of gallons daily into the San Francisco Bay to sustain the bait fish known as the Delta smelt. This is a simple distribution issue; there is plenty of water.Prior to the statists taking over California, massive pumps were diverting water from rivers into the canal system (built before Brown and his ilk took control of the state). They have all but turned these pumps off to protect the fish from their Darwinian demise, and billions upon billions of gallons of fresh water is continuously dumped into the ocean.For the people-hating San Francisco cabal, cutting off water from the people is the real goal. They want fewer people to begin with, but the ultimate goal is control. Few environmentalists admit it publicly, but they want zero farming in the central valley, preferring to  allow  land to return to its prehistoric state. The cabal wants to control water so they can control people. Brown is just the messenger today. He is telling America that water access is a privilege, he has the power to pick winners and losers, and we have to just take it.If Brown decides tomorrow that he wants to withhold water from almond farmers, Americans will just have to accept it. Have you ever wondered why any business owner would give campaign donations to Marxist, business-hating politicians? Now you know why. They must give to buy protection. Business owners do not donate to Brown, Pelosi or Harry Reid because those politicians are good for business; they give to be sure they are not the next targets.The problem with all of this is that water is a limitless natural resource. Just ask the sailor who faced drowning daily or the people in the Midwest who were deluged this week. It is one thing to argue for conservation of animals, or even trees, or  green space,  but water? Water is a limitless natural resource. Not even the most self-important leftist believes he could make water go away, no matter how hard he tried. How did they convince us to accept this lie?They got us to buy the lie that water is scarce by telling it often enough and pounding it into generations of schoolchildren. Using federal law and acts of Congress, they forced people from water-soaked regions to accept low flush or what some call  two flush  toilets the same as desert-dwelling Californians. And we fell for it. At least the Democrats among us fell for it.Thus it is that Brown got to have his cake and eat it, too. He told Californians, and really all Americans and the world, that lack of water was not his fault for lacking the vision to feed the distribution system created by the real men who built California. He repeats that it is not the fault of the Marxists  Endangered Species Act that prefers hard-headed fish over people. The lack of water is the result of the lack of  snow pack,  which is the result of  climate change,  which is the result of greedy people being well, people. The Delta smelt and steelhead trout must live and we mere humans should all just die.Meanwhile, Jerry Brown is committed to spending $100 billion for trains, but he has made zero commitment to allowing water to flow to people instead of fish, and zero commitment to finding funding for his  twin tunnels  alternate solution. And why would he? We are cutting back our water use, ratting on our neighbors and accepting higher produce prices across America. The Marxists in San Francisco are toasting total victory. The farmers and country club board members are suing for peace. Lord help usVia: WND",0
15812,[Video] WATCH HOW MARCO RUBIO Handles Same Reporter Who Attempts Interview With Hillary,There s just something about Shrillary that almost makes you wonder if everything she does has to be staged Watch how differently Marco Rubio is able to handle an impromptu interview with this TMZ reporter vs Hillary Clinton (below): h/t IJ Review,0
15813,JEB BUSH WANTS CONGRESS TO APPROVE AMNESTY And Confirm Loretta Lynch (Eric Holder In A Skirt) For AG Position,"Jeb Bush just unofficially placed himself on team  Democrat Potential GOP presidential candidate Jeb Bush is calling on Congress to confirm attorney general nominee Loretta Lynch, whose confirmation hearings took place in front of the Senate Judiciary Committee in January. In February, Lynch was voted out of the committee and approved 12-8. Due to the legislative schedule and fighting over bills already in motion, a full Senate vote on her confirmation has not yet taken place. More from POLITICO: I think presidents have the right to pick their team,  Bush said, according to reports of his stop at the  Politics and Pie  forum in Concord, New Hampshire, on Thursday night.A Senate fight over a sex-trafficking bill that includes a controversial abortion provision has held up Lynch s nomination for 160 days since Obama announced his choice last Nov. 8, but Minority Leader Sen. Harry Reid (D-Nev.) is threatening to break protocol and force a vote on the Senate floor. If someone is supportive of the president s policies, whether you agree with them or not, there should be some deference to the executive,  Bush told reporters.  It should not always be partisan. The attorney general isn t supposed to be  supportive of the president s policies.  The attorney general is supposed to advise the president on constitutional matters and is responsible for ensuring the balance between the executive and legislative branches in maintained.During her confirmation hearings, Lynch expressed support for President Obama s executive amnesty and argued that anybody who is inside the United States, regardless of how they got here or what their legal status is, has a right to work. I think the right and obligation to work is one that is shared by everyone in this country regardless of how they came here and certainly if someone is here, regardless of status, I would prefer that they be participating in the work place than not be participating,  Lynch said.https://youtu.be/FbjsvEjXLgoSorry Loretta, but we beg to differ: Via: Townhall",0
15814,[VIDEO] HILLARY’S VAN BLOWS BY ELDERLY PEOPLE IN WHEELCHAIRS Waiting To See Her On Way To Manufactured Event,"Hillary s for all  Everyday Americans just not the elderly ones in wheelchairs Hillary Clinton wants to meet  everyday Americans  so badly, she drove right past many waiting in front of her event in Iowa.In the now-viral clip of reporters chasing after Clinton s  Scooby  van, the Clinton camp drove to the back entrance, surprising both reporters and many of her supporters waiting to get a glimpse of the candidate. I think what you don t see in that clip, which is one of the most surprising things is there were actually a ton of people waiting for her at the front of that college,  said Financial Times reporter Megan Murphy.  There were elderly people in wheelchairs, there were people   and they just cruised right on by to the back. The news that Clinton symbolically drove past ordinary voters while driving their own  everyday Americans  to the event will certainly reflect poorly on the campaign. The incident draws parallels to the man Clinton hopes to succeed in the Oval Office when he drove past disabled veterans in Phoenix.The Democratic front-runner had already snubbed everyday Americans when she parked at a handicapped spot for her convenience at one event and did not include  differently-abled  citizens in her announcement video. Those were the everyday Americans. Those were the everyday Iowans and guess what they were lined up in front of that community college,  Murphy said.Morning Joe host Mika Brzezinski was appalled after hearing the story. Earlier in the day, she criticized the Clinton campaign for her evasive and inaccessible approach to the campaign roll out which has left Clinton looking stale and flat. Joe Scarborough, on the other hand, laughed and said the story proved the narrative of an inauthentic Clinton campaign. The former congressman said it was not surprising Clinton did not want to meet the elderly people on wheelchairs because her staff did not get to vet them first. Because they want the everyday Americans that they had talked to for 30 minutes about how to act like an everyday American,  Scarborough said.With senior citizens making up a quarter of all voters in 2014, up from 21 percent in 2010, Clinton may face an uphill battle in gaining the trust of the most reliable voting block to turn out on Election Day.Via: WFB",0
15815,[Video] WATCH HOW MARCO RUBIO Handles Same Reporter Who Attempts Interview With Hillary,There s just something about Shrillary that almost makes you wonder if everything she does has to be staged Watch how differently Marco Rubio is able to handle an impromptu interview with this TMZ reporter vs Hillary Clinton (below):,0
15816,ELEMENTARY SCHOOL PLANS ‘BLACKS ONLY’ FIELD TRIP TO COLLEGE FOR THIRD GRADERS,"Because there wouldn t be any outrage over a  white kids only  field trip to a local college would there?Parents criticized Indiana school officials Thursday for a trip planned to local colleges that was only offered to black third-graders, ABC 57 reported.School officials defended the trip, saying the outing sends a positive message to black students who may believe the prospect of college is out of reach. We take them to a college campus, have them meet African-American students, modeling the idea that as a black person, college is a great place,  Dr. G. David Moss, the head of the African-American services at the South Bend Community Schools Corporation, told the station.The initiative has been criticized by parents in the community, not because of its ambitions, but because it excludes students with other backgrounds.One parent whose son is going on the trip told the station that she believes  all kids should be going. Moss told the station that he did not mean to offend anyone with the trips, but said he was hired to  look at the issues facing African-American kids  in the community.Via: FOX News",0
15817,23 YR OLD SOMALI REFUGEE TURNED NATURALIZED CITIZEN ARRESTED FOR TERROR PLOT AGAINST US,"From the amazing Ann Corcoran s Refugee Resettlement blog: Ho hum! Another of those Somalis we are still bringing into America as refugees at the rate of 800-900 a month has been indicted in Columbus, the city second only to Minneapolis as a city being colonized by a large population of Somali Muslim refugees (thanks to those  religious  non-profits hired by the federal government to place them!).This latest jihadist came here as a child and your tax dollars helped raise him! (I ll have more tomorrow, just wanted to get the news out while it s hot!) Stay tuned A 23-year-old resident of Columbus, Ohio, who trained with a group affiliated with al Qaeda has been arrested and charged with plotting an attack on American soil, the Justice Department revealed today.Abdirahman Sheik Mohamud, a naturalized American citizen of Somali descent, had been instructed by a cleric to return to the United States and carry out an act of terrorism, the indictment said.The Justice Department stated that Mohamud was also an Islamic State sympathizer, and that his brother, Abdifatah Aden, was killed fighting with the group in Syria in 2013.According to court documents, Mohamud left the US a year ago with the intent to go to Syria and train with a terrorist group linked to al Qaeda in Iraq.In April 2014, he purchased a one-way ticket to Greece, but during a layover in Istanbul he failed to board a connecting flight to Athens and instead made his way to Syria.Once he reached his destination, Mohamud stated that he received training in shooting weapons, breaking into houses, explosives and hand-to-hand combat.The 23-year-old Columbus man aloes said that after completing his training, a cleric with the group Jabhat al-Nusrah instructed him to return to the US and commit an act of terror.The 23-year-old returned to the US in June 2014 with a plot to attack a military base or a correctional facility, targeting people in uniform, according to court documents. Mohamud talked about doing something big in the United States,  the papers cited by ABC News indicate.  He wanted to go to a military base in Texas and kill three or four American soldiers execution style. On Thursday, Mohamud was indicted on one count of attempting to provide and providing material support to terrorists, one count of attempting to provide and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization, and one count of making false statements to the FBI.The first two counts, providing material support to terrorists and providing material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization are each crimes punishable by up to 15 years in prison.Making false statements involving international terrorism carries a maximum sentence of eight years in prison.Mohamud was arrested on state charges February 21, 2015, and is expected to be transferred into federal custody based on today s indictment.Before Mohamud s brother was killed in battle on or around June 3, 2014, the two had exchanged emails discussing the 23-year-old s plans to travel to Syria and fight with Islamic State. In February, Mohamud asked Abdifatah Aden how he could send him money.Later that month, Mohamud was arrested at his Columbus home for allegedly providing a computer tablet an other material support to terrorist organizations abroad.Prosecutor Ron O Brien at the time asked a judge to set Mohamud s bond at $1million saying he was a flight risk and posed a threat to public safety.Mohamud s attorney, Sam Shamansky, insisted that his client was not a terrorist and would not flee because he was taking care of his ailing mother in Ohio.Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
15818,FLASHBACK: HILLARY COURTS ILLEGAL ALIEN VOTE BY LYING About Her Three “Immigrant” Grandparents,"As it turns out, 67 year old Hillary Cinton used to hear her grandparents talk about the immigrant experience when she was a young girl, so she just thought they were immigrants Mission accomplished. No more clarification is necessary.On Wednesday in Iowa, Hillary Clinton invented three immigrant grandparents to push for more foreign workers. All my grandparents, you know, came over here and you know my grandfather went to work in lace mill in Scranton, Pennsylvania, and worked there until he retired at 65,  she reportedly said.  So I sit here and I think well you re talking about the second, third generation. That s me, that s you. But according to a BuzzFeed report, three of her grandparents were born in the United States while her paternal grandfather was an immigrant from England. Last year, Clinton also falsely claimed that her paternal grandmother, Hanna Jones Rodham,  immigrated with her family as a young girl to Scranton. As BuzzFeed noted, according to Census records,  Hanna Jones Rodham, Clinton s paternal grandmother (the wife of Hugh Rodham Sr.) was born in Pennsylvania in 1882, according to the 1910 census  while her paternal grandfather, Hugh Rodham Sr.,  was born in England and immigrated with his parents as a child.  Clinton s maternal grandparents were both born in Illinois, according to Census records.A Clinton spokesperson told BuzzFeed that Clinton s  grandparents always spoke about the immigrant experience and, as a result she has always thought of them as immigrants.   As has been correctly pointed out, while her grandfather was an immigrant, it appears that Hillary s grandmother was born shortly after her parents and siblings arrived in the U.S. in the early 1880s,  he added.Clinton invented her immigrant grandparents while pushing for more foreign workers, which may not resonate with the  everyday Americans  who have not recovered from the recession and are trying to move up the economic ladder. We are turning down people who really want to work. I mean they are here to work And a lot of them now have children who are American citizens, and they are doing the best they can to try to make a good life for themselves and their families,  she reportedly said at a campaign event at Capital City Fruit.  And we are saying to all these other people who want the same dreams and the same aspirations and the willingness to work hard just like our families did that no, we re not going to make it easy for you, we re not going to make it legal for you. And I just think that s such a short term, unfortunate outcome for us and well as for them. Via: Breitbart News",0
15819,STEVE JOBS’ WIDOW ANNOUNCES SUPPORT FOR “Revolutionary” HILLARY On Same Day Hillary’s Busted For Faking This…,"You d think she d know a thing or two about email servers and at a minimum, question Hillary s integrity Apple founder Steve Jobs  widow Laurene has told of her admiration for Democratic White House front-runner Hillary Clinton.Ms Jobs, 51, called former First Lady Hillary a  revolutionary  woman, and added that it s not just because she s a woman   but  the type of woman she is .Speaking to Time 100, Ms Jobs said:  Hillary Clinton is not familiar. She is revolutionary. Not radical, but revolutionary: The distinction is crucial. She is one of America s greatest modern creations. Her decades in our public life must not blind us to the fact that she represents new realities and possibilities. Indeed, those same decades have conferred upon her what newness usually lacks: judgment, and even wisdom. Oops wrong picture! It matters, of course, that Hillary is a woman. But what matters more is what kind of woman she is. Mrs Clinton announced her intention to seek the Democratic nomination on Sunday   and set upon the campaign trail with a trip to meet  ordinary  voters in Iowa.But she was blasted for her  staged  visit on Tuesday morning to a coffee shop in LeClaire, Iowa.Austin Bird, one of the men pictured sitting at the table with Mrs Clinton, claimed the whole event was orchestrated  from beginning to end .Bird told Daily Mail Online that campaign staffer Troy Price called and asked him and two other young people to meet him Tuesday morning at a restaurant in Davenport, a nearby city. Price then drove them to the coffee house to meet Clinton after vetting them for about a half-hour.The three got the lion s share of Mrs. Clinton s time and participated in what breathless news reports described as a  roundtable  the first of many in her brief Iowa campaign swing. Bird himself is a frequent participant in Iowa Democratic Party events. He interned with President Obama s 2012 presidential re-election campaign, and was tapped to chauffeur Vice President Joe Biden in October 2014 when he visited Davenport. What happened is, we were just asked to be there by Troy,  Bird said Wednesday in a phone interview. We were asked to come to a meeting with Troy, the three of us, at the Village Inn. The other two, he confirmed, were University of Iowa College Democrats president Carter Bell and Planned Parenthood of the Heartland employee Sara Sedlacek. It was supposed to be a strategy meeting,  Bird recalled,  to get our thoughts about issues. But then all of a sudden he says,  Hey, we have Secretary Clinton coming in, would you like to go meet her? And then we got in a car   Troy s car   and we went up to the coffee house, and we sat at a table and then Hillary just came up and talked with us. Bird said  we all were called. I mean, Troy asked us all to do   to go to a meeting with him. And we didn t really know what it was about. I mean, he did. He knew. Via: UK Daily Mail",0
15820,HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER ASKS STUDENTS TO “Pretend you are a muslim”,"Umm Yeah Okay Would it be acceptable to the school if this teacher asked her students to close their eyes and pretend to be Jesus? It s a rhetorical question of course UNION GROVE, Wis.   Pretend you re a Muslim. That s what a 10th grade World History writing assignment asks students to do at a Wisconsin high school.WISN talk radio host Vicki McKenna posted Union Grove High School teacher Beth Urban s email for a five-paragraph essay on Twitter.It reads: Pretend you are:1. Muslim male/female in U.S.2. Give 3 examples of what you do daily for your religion and any struggles you face.3. Again, 5 paragraphs (intro, 3 body paragraphs, closing.)**Keep in mind we ve been doing work and watching documentaries that have the facts needed to write the essay.Union Grove Muslim essay assignment fullEAGnews emailed Urban to obtain more information on the assignment but she did not respond.Specifically, we wanted to know if there were similar assignments based on other religions or just Islam, as well as what documentaries were watched to prepare for the essay.A parent of the student who received the assignment tells EAGnews,  I feel that the purpose of the assignment is to show prejudices towards Muslims in America or to invent them or exaggerate them. The parent, who asked to remain anonymous, doesn t blame the teacher for the essay s instructions. I did not voice my concerns directly to the teacher because I do not blame the teacher. I believe this is a curriculum issue. The teachers are not using their own curriculum, the school boards/superintendents do generally,  according to the parent. I brought attention to it because I felt that it was inaccurate for World History. I would have no problem with this assignment if they were to pretend they were in the Middle East and practicing their religion. I first was bothered because it seems that if any Catholic issues are brought up attention is brought to the school and (the assignment) banned being a public school. EAGnews reported on another controversial lesson two years ago   almost to the day   at the same high school.At that time, students were given a crossword puzzle that defined conservatism as  the political belief of preserving traditional moral values by restricting personal freedoms    The definitions of conservatism and liberalism make me sick,  parent Tamra Varebook told EAGnews.  I think it s horribly distorted and it s biased. After EAG s report, the publishing company, Cerebellum Corporation, announced it would discontinue selling the  skewed  assignment. Although we are careful to screen the quality of our products, we are not always able to identify the problems seen in Liberalism vs. Conservatism,  Cerebellum President James Rena said in a statement sent to EAGnews.",0
15821,"HILLARY CLINTON: We All Know She’s Deceitful And Dishonest, But I Bet You Didn’t Know This…"," She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer. She conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the House, the rules of the committee and the rules of confidentiality. I ve decided to reprint a piece of work I did nearly five years ago, because it seems very relevant today given Hillary Clinton s performance in the Benghazi hearings. Back in 2008 when she was running for president, I interviewed two erstwhile staff members of the House Judiciary Committee who were involved with the atergate investigation when Hillary was a low-level staffer there. I interviewed one Democrat staffer and one Republican staffer, and wrote two pieces based on what they told me about Hillary s conduct at the time.I published these pieces back in 2008 for North Star Writers Group, the syndicate I ran at the time. This was the most widely read piece we ever had at NSWG, but because NSWG never gained the high-profile status of the major syndicates, this piece still didn t reach as many people as I thought it deserved to. Today, given the much broader reach of CainTV and yet another incidence of Hillary s arrogance in dealing with a congressional committee, I think it deserves another airing. For the purposes of simplicity, I ve combined the two pieces into one very long one. If you re interested in understanding the true character of Hillary Clinton, it s worth your time to read it.As Hillary Clinton came under increasing scrutiny for her story about facing sniper fire in Bosnia, one question that arose was whether she has engaged in a pattern of lying.The now-retired general counsel and chief of staff of the House Judiciary Committee, who supervised Hillary when she worked on the Watergate investigation, says Hillary s history of lies and unethical behavior goes back farther   and goes much deeper   than anyone realizes.Jerry Zeifman, a lifelong Democrat, supervised the work of 27-year-old Hillary Rodham on the committee. Hillary got a job working on the investigation at the behest of her former law professor, Burke Marshall, who was also Sen. Ted Kennedy s chief counsel in the Chappaquiddick affair. When the investigation was over, Zeifman fired Hillary from the committee staff and refused to give her a letter of recommendation   one of only three people who earned that dubious distinction in Zeifman s 17-year career.Why? Because she was a liar,  Zeifman said in an interview last week.  She was an unethical, dishonest lawyer. She conspired to violate the Constitution, the rules of the House, the rules of the committee and the rules of confidentiality. How could a 27-year-old House staff member do all that? She couldn t do it by herself, but Zeifman said she was one of several individuals   including Marshall, special counsel John Doar and senior associate special counsel (and future Clinton White House Counsel) Bernard Nussbaum   who engaged in a seemingly implausible scheme to deny Richard Nixon the right to counsel during the investigatioWhy would they want to do that? Because, according to Zeifman, they feared putting Watergate break-in mastermind E. Howard Hunt on the stand to be cross-examined by counsel to the president. Hunt, Zeifman said, had the goods on nefarious activities in the Kennedy Administration that would have made Watergate look like a day at the beach   including Kennedy s purported complicity in the attempted assassination of Fidel Castro.The actions of Hillary and her cohorts went directly against the judgment of top Democrats, up to and including then-House Majority Leader Tip O Neill, that Nixon clearly had the right to counsel. Zeifman says that Hillary, along with Marshall, Nussbaum and Doar, was determined to gain enough votes on the Judiciary Committee to change House rules and deny counsel to Nixon. And in order to pull this off, Zeifman says Hillary wrote a fraudulent legal brief, and confiscated public documents to hide her deception.The brief involved precedent for representation by counsel during an impeachment proceeding. When Hillary endeavored to write a legal brief arguing there is no right to representation by counsel during an impeachment proceeding, Zeifman says, he told Hillary about the case of Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas, who faced an impeachment attempt in 1970. As soon as the impeachment resolutions were introduced by (then-House Minority Leader Gerald) Ford, and they were referred to the House Judiciary Committee, the first thing Douglas did was hire himself a lawyer,  Zeifman said.The Judiciary Committee allowed Douglas to keep counsel, thus establishing the precedent. Zeifman says he told Hillary that all the documents establishing this fact were in the Judiciary Committee s public files. So what did Hillary do? Hillary then removed all the Douglas files to the offices where she was located, which at that time was secured and inaccessible to the public,  Zeifman said. Hillary then proceeded to write a legal brief arguing there was no precedent for the right to representation by counsel during an impeachment proceeding   as if the Douglas case had never occurred.The brief was so fraudulent and ridiculous, Zeifman believes Hillary would have been disbarred if she had submitted it to a judge.Zeifman says that if Hillary, Marshall, Nussbaum and Doar had succeeded, members of the House Judiciary Committee would have also been denied the right to cross-examine witnesses, and denied the opportunity to even participate in the drafting of articles of impeachment against Nixon.Of course, Nixon s resignation rendered the entire issue moot, ending Hillary s career on the Judiciary Committee staff in a most undistinguished manner. Zeifman says he was urged by top committee members to keep a diary of everything that was happening. He did so, and still has the diary if anyone wants to check the veracity of his story. Certainly, he could not have known in 1974 that diary entries about a young lawyer named Hillary Rodham would be of interest to anyone 34 years later.But they show that the pattern of lies, deceit, fabrications and unethical behavior was established long ago   long before the Bosnia lie, and indeed, even before cattle futures, Travelgate and Whitewater   for the woman who is still asking us to make her president of the United States.Franklin Polk, who served at the time as chief Republican counsel on the committee, confirmed many of these details in two interviews he granted me this past Friday, although his analysis of events is not always identical to Zeifman s. Polk specifically confirmed that Hillary wrote the memo in question, and confirmed that Hillary ignored the Douglas case. (He said he couldn t confirm or dispel the part about Hillary taking the Douglas files.)To Polk, Hillary s memo was dishonest in the sense that she tried to pretend the Douglas precedent didn t exist. But unlike Zeifman, Polk considered the memo dishonest in a way that was more stupid than sinister. Hillary should have mentioned that (the Douglas case), and then tried to argue whether that was a change of policy or not instead of just ignoring it and taking the precedent out of the opinion,  Polk said.Polk recalled that the attempt to deny counsel to Nixon upset a great many members of the committee, including just about all the Republicans, but many Democrats as well. The argument sort of broke like a firestorm on the committee, and I remember Congressman Don Edwards was very upset,  Polk said.  He was the chairman of the subcommittee on constitutional rights. But in truth, the impeachment precedents are not clear. Let s put it this way. In the old days, from the beginning of the country through the 1800s and early 1900s, there were precedents that the target or accused did not have the right to counsel. That s why Polk believes Hillary s approach in writing the memorandum was foolish. He says she could have argued that the Douglas case was an isolated example, and that other historical precedents could apply.But Zeifman says the memo and removal of the Douglas files was only part the effort by Hillary, Doar, Nussbaum and Marshall to pursue their own agenda during the investigation.After my first column, some readers wrote in claiming Zeifman was motivated by jealousy because he was not appointed as the chief counsel in the investigation, with that title going to Doar instead.Zeifman s account is that he supported the appointment of Doar because he, Zeifman, a) did not want the public notoriety that would come with such a high-profile role; and b) didn t have much prosecutorial experience. When he started to have a problem with Doar and his allies was when Zeifman and others, including House Majority Leader Tip O Neill and Democratic committee member Jack Brooks of Texas, began to perceive Doar s group as acting outside the directives and knowledge of the committee and its chairman, Peter Rodino.(O Neill died in 1994. Brooks is still living and I tried unsuccessfully to reach him. I d still like to.)This culminated in a project to research past presidential abuses of power, which committee members felt was crucial in aiding the decisions they would make in deciding how to handle Nixon s alleged offenses.According to Zeifman and other documents, Doar directed Hillary to work with a group of Yale law professors on this project. But the report they generated was never given to the committee. Zeifman believes the reason was that the report was little more than a whitewash of the Kennedy years   a part of the Burke Marshall-led agenda of avoiding revelations during the Watergate investigation that would have embarrassed the Kennedys.The fact that the report was kept under wraps upset Republican committee member Charles Wiggins of California, who wrote a memo to his colleagues on the committee that read in part:Within the past few days, some disturbing information has come to my attention. It is requested that the facts concerning the matter be investigated and a report be made to the full committee as it concerns us all.Early last spring when it became obvious that the committee was considering presidential  abuse of power  as a possible ground of impeachment, I raised the question before the full committee that research should be undertaken so as to furnish a standard against which to test the alleged abusive conduct of Richard Nixon.As I recall, several other members joined with me in this request. I recall as well repeating this request from time to time during the course of our investigation. The staff, as I recall, was noncommittal, but it is certain that no such staff study was made available to the members at any time for their use.Wiggins believed the report was purposely hidden from committee members. Chairman Rodino denied this, and said the reason Hillary s report was not given to committee members was that it contained no value. It s worth noting, of course, that the staff member who made this judgment was John Doar.In a four-page reply to Wiggins, Rodino wrote in part:Hillary Rodham of the impeachment inquiry staff coordinated the work. . . . After the staff received the report it was reviewed by Ms. Rodham, briefly by Mr. Labovitz and Mr. Sack, and by Doar. The staff did not think the manuscript was useful in its present form. . . .In your letter you suggest that members of the staff may have intentionally suppressed the report during the course of its investigation. That was not the case.As a matter of fact, Mr. Doar was more concerned that any highlight of the project might prejudice the case against President Nixon. The fact is that the staff did not think the material was usable by the committee in its existing form and had not had time to modify it so it would have practical utility for the members of the committee. I was informed and agreed with the judgment.Mr. Labovitz, by the way, was John Labovitz, another member of the Democratic staff. I spoke with Labovitz this past Friday as well, and he is no fan of Jerry Zeifman. If it s according to Zeifman, it s inaccurate from my perspective,  Labovitz said. He bases that statement on a recollection that Zeifman did not actually work on the impeachment inquiry staff, although that is contradicted not only by Zeifman but Polk as well.Labovitz said he has no knowledge of Hillary having taken any files, and defended her no-right-to-counsel memo on the grounds that, if she was assigned to write a memo arguing a point of view, she was merely following orders.But as both Zeifman and Polk point out, that doesn t mean ignoring background of which you are aware, or worse, as Zeifman alleges, confiscating documents that disprove your argument.All told, Polk recalls the actions of Hillary, Doar and Nussbaum as more amateurish than anything else. Of course the Republicans went nuts,  Polk said.  But so did some of the Democrats   some of the most liberal Democrats. It was more like these guys   Doar and company   were trying to manage the members of Congress, and it was like,  Who s in charge here?  If you want to convict a president, you want to give him all the rights possible. If you re going to give him a trial, for him to say,  My rights were denied,    it was a stupid effort by people who were just politically tone deaf. So this was a big deal to people in the proceedings on the committee, no question about it. And Jerry Zeifman went nuts, and rightfully so. But my reaction wasn t so much that it was underhanded as it was just stupid. Polk recalls Zeifman sharing with him at the time that he believed Hillary s primary role was to report back to Burke Marshall any time the investigation was taking a turn that was not to the liking of the Kennedys. Jerry used to give the chapter and verse as to how Hillary was the mole into the committee works as to how things were going,  Polk said.  And she d be feeding information back to Burke Marshall, who, at least according to Jerry, was talking to the Kennedys. And when something was off track in the view of the Kennedys, Burke Marshall would call John Doar or something, and there would be a reconsideration of what they were talking about. Jerry used to tell me that this was Hillary s primary function. Zeifman says he had another staff member get him Hillary s phone records, which showed that she was calling Burke Marshall at least once a day, and often several times a day.A final note about all this: I wrote my first column on this subject because, in the aftermath of Hillary being caught in her Bosnia fib, I came in contact with Jerry Zeifman and found his story compelling. Zeifman has been trying to tell his story for many years, and the mainstream media have ignored him. I thought it deserved an airing as a demonstration of how early in her career Hillary began engaging in self-serving, disingenuous conduct.Disingenuously arguing a position? Vanishing documents? Selling out members of her own party to advance a personal agenda? Classic Hillary. Neither my first column on the subject nor this one were designed to show that Hillary is dishonest. I don t really think that s in dispute. Rather, they were designed to show that she has been this way for a very long time   a fact worth considering for anyone contemplating voting for her for president of the United States.By the way, there s something else that started a long time ago. She would go around saying,  I m dating a person who will some day be president,  Polk said.  It was like a Babe Ruth call. And because of that comment she made, I watched Bill Clinton s political efforts as governor of Arkansas, and I never counted him out because she had made that forecast. Bill knew what he wanted a long time ago. Clearly, so did Hillary, and her tactics for trying to achieve it were established even in those early days.Vote wisely.Via: Patriot Net Daily",0
15822,BREAKING: VIDEO OF YOUNG OBAMA EMERGES Discussing Mentor Frank Marshall Davis’ Advice About Growing Up In A White Racist World,"Who needs family when you have a neighborhood mentor who can teach you the value of racism, communism and hate for America?In his 1995 book, Dreams from My Father, Barack Obama never discussed the identity of the mysterious  Frank  who had given him important advice on growing up black in what was described as a white racist world. We learned in 2008 that  Frank  was Frank Marshall Davis, a member of the Communist Party who was the subject of a 600-page FBI file. Still, the major media never asked Obama about this important relationship during his growing up years in Hawaii.Now, in an extraordinary development, video of Obama explicitly and openly identifying  Frank  as Frank Marshall Davis has suddenly surfaced on the Internet. The footage is said to have been recorded on September 20, 1995, with the program originally airing on Channel 37 Cambridge Municipal Television as an episode of the show,  The Author Series. It s not clear how many saw this program when it aired. For some reason, this  From the Vault  Barack Obama presentation was just recently posted on YouTube. In the video, Obama is introduced as a Harvard Law School student and President of the Harvard Law Review. He discusses  Frank  as Frank Marshall Davis at about 8:37 in the video.In his remarks, Obama never identifies Davis as a communist or even a leftist. But the remarks do reflect the significant influence that Davis had over his young life as he was growing up in Hawaii. Obama talks about how Davis  schools  him on the subject of race relations. The term implies a teacher-student relationship the two of them had, confirming what we had reported back in 2008, that Davis had functioned as Obama s  mentor. It s important to understand what Obama is saying here. Getting ready to read directly from his book, Dreams from My Father, Obama talks about the passages ending with  me having a conversation with a close friend of my maternal grandfather, a close friend of gramps, a black man from Kansas, named Frank, actually at the time a fairly well-known poet named Frank Marshall Davis, who had moved to Hawaii and lived there, and so I have a discussion with him about the kinds of frustrations I m having, and he sorts of schools me that I should get used to these frustrations Davis was indeed a black poet. His works included attacks on Christianity. One Davis poem referred to Christ irreverently as a  nigger.  Davis was himself an atheist.However, Davis was better known as a communist propagandist whose work for the Communist Party in Hawaii earned him surveillance by the FBI and placement on its  security index.  Davis was also a pornographer who engaged in bizarre sexual practices, even pedophilia.Needless to say, Obama s willingness to identify  Frank  as Davis before this audience raises questions as to why  Frank  wasn t identified by his full name Frank Marshall Davis in the book itself. Obama made references to  Frank  22 times throughout his book. Paul Kengor notes that Obama s audio version of Dreams from My Father omitted every reference to  Frank  that was in the book. Those omissions were clearly designed to keep people from asking questions about  Frank,  since Obama was considering a run for the presidency.Today, in 2015, discovering film of Obama identifying  Frank  as Davis is confirmation of the obvious. It doesn t make a lot of difference politically, since Obama is serving out his second term. But it could have made a difference seven years ago, in 2008, when we identified  Frank  as Davis, during Obama s campaign for his first term in office.The clip of Obama talking about Davis during his 1995 Cambridge presentation is important for other reasons, however.By his own admission, Obama was preoccupied with his own feelings and thoughts about race relations. He saw himself as an  angry young man  whose father was absent from his life. He said he was  without father figures around who might guide and steer my anger. That s significant because it s clear, from the passages he reads, that Davis became that father figure. Davis was indeed picked by his white grandfather to be a role model or father figure for the young Barack Obama.In the passages he read back in 1995, Obama discussed inviting some white friends to a black party and seeing them squirm.  They re trying to tap their foot to the beat and being extraordinarily friendly,  he said. They are trying to fit in but they are uncomfortable and they tell Obama they want to leave. Obama concluded,  What I have had to put up with every day of my life is something that they find so objectionable that they can t even put up with a day. This is like a revelation to Obama about the world of white racism. All of this he says  triggers  something in his head and he comprehends a  new map of the world.  He gets a sense of the anger and betrayal in society and even in his own family, where he is being raised by his white grandfather,  Gramps,  and white grandmother,  Toot.  This leads him to seek advice from  Frank.  Frank Marshall Davis then  sort of schools me that I should get used to these frustrations,  Obama says.The passages that he reads from the book before the Cambridge audience include a discussion of when his own white grandmother was accosted by a black panhandler. Davis told Obama that his grandmother was right to be scared and that  She understands that black people have reason to hate. In other words, Davis did not encourage Obama to pursue racial harmony or reconciliation. He told Obama that blacks have a reason, or right, to hate.Via:AIM.comh/t Weasel Zippers",0
15823,[VIDEO] #BlackLivesMatter ACTIVIST POSTS STAGED VIDEO OF POLICE BRUTALITY AGAINST A PROTESTOR ON TWITTER,"Meet Keegan Stephan. He could be Barack Obama s son. He s a community agitator with a sizable following on Twitter, who appears to get a thrill out of organizing Occupy re-treads and Ferguson holdovers to create hate and division in NYC. His primary focus for now, appears to be creating hate and mistrust for the entire New York Police Department through a campaign of propaganda.Occupy re-tread, Hillary supporter and #BlackLivesMatter activist Keegan Stephan s Twitter feed is filled with misleading propaganda which includes video footage that appears to be staged to make it look like a protestor was assaulted by a New York Police Officer. Notice the title of the vine video posted by Keenan:  This is what happened to my friend Elsa. Watch the cop shove her.  #ShutDownA14  Listen to the narrator of the video refer to the person being  assaulted  by the police officer (or more likely, a fellow protestor) as  he.   The narrator states:  This protestor was shoved to the ground by an officer. He appeared to be injured. And here is the vine he used to show  here  being assaulted:Just before posting the vine (above), Keegan tweeted about this  picture, saying:  NYPD broke my friend Elsa s ribs by slamming her on the sidewalk. Didn t arrest her, just left her.  #ShutDownA14So which one is it Keegan? Was the person who was  assaulted  by an evil NY Police Officer a  he  or a  she? A proud Hillary supporter (that should come as no surprise given his penchant for lying), Keegan posts pictures of the vandalized signs that were posted all over NYC mocking Hillary Clinton:Keegan posted some additional footage from the Occupy the Brooklyn Bridge/#BlackLivesMatter event that appears to by more false propaganda. Keegan has this to say about the vine video below:  Members of the press running scared from the NYPD.  #ShutDownA14  First of all where the heck are the  press?  Secondly, pay close attention to the man with the large camera who doesn t seem to be in on the staged hoax, as he keeps looking behind to see what these people are running from but can t seem to find anyone chasing them.Meanwhile, according the New York Daily News, cops are hunting for two demonstrators who pummeled an off-duty NYPD sergeant during the #ShutDownA14 protest against police brutality. The 4:45 p.m. attack on Sgt. David Cuce, who was on the Brooklyn Bridge heading into Manhattan, occurred as hundreds of demonstrators spread from Union Square Park to lower Manhattan and across the East River to protest police violence in the wake of a fatal April 4 shooting in South Carolina involving an unarmed black man.Cuce, who was not in uniform, was punched in the head and shoulder by one of the two protestors after he exited his car to investigate the demonstration, which had brought traffic on the historic bridge to a standstill. After a brief fight, Cuce drew his service weapon and identified himself as a police officer, officials said. His attackers fled into the crowd and remain at large. In addition to the attack, police arrested 42 demonstrators for a smattering of misdemeanors following the protest, officials said.Here s what Keenan had to say about the 42 demonstrators who were arrested:How about  They punched an off duty NY Police Officer in the head who was simply driving across the bridge and got out of his vehicle to see why the traffic was stopped? And last, but certainly not least, Keegan makes a brilliant <sarcasm> analogy on Easter weekend comparing Jesus with the angry Ferguson/Garner protestors: And no Easter weekend would be complete without a cop hater comparing Eric Garner to the crucifixion of Jesus Christ:This is what we re up against America. These protests are not spontaneous, they re orchestrated and they re funded by wealthy radicals and unions whose primary objective is to divide Americans by class and race. No justice no peace I don t know how old Keegan is, but I m guessing he s old enough to remember this scene from 9-11, where there was no shortage of good cops who risked their lives for total strangers:This photo is just a subtle reminder Keegan, that not all cops are bad cops ",0
15824,(VIDEO)ICE PROTECTING OBAMA: WON’T RELEASE NAMES OF CRIMINAL ILLEGALS RELEASED INTO AMERICA, ,0
15825,MEDIA COULDN’T BE FOUND DURING BENGHAZI SCANDAL…But Watch Them Sprint After Hillary’s “Scooby” Van To Catch Her First Campaign Stop,Not that anyone should be surprised by the lap dog mentality of these second rate liberal hack  journalists.  They re the reason the most crooked woman in America is even a contender in this race.,0
15826,HA! YOU WON’T BELIEVE HILLARY’S LUXURY “SCOOBY” VAN!,"Everyone s been asking where the Hillary van is So Hillary pulls up in a gas guzzling van with tinted windows-I thought she wanted to mingle with the regular folk? This monster gets 16-18 miles per gallon! Ouch!The van, however, isn t an everyday minivan or even a full-sized van. It s a luxury vehicle outiftted with top amenities.Specifically: It s a limited edition Chevrolet Express van upfitted with a Limited SE packed by Explorer Vans company  It s very luxurious,  a salesman who helped deliver this vehicle tells me on the phone.  I d rank it up there with the best. The model being used to chauffeur Hillary Clinton around has a gray leather interior, heated seat, a 29 inch Samsung television, and a Blu-ray DVD player.There is no refrigerator in the van. However, Hillary s model does feature an ice chest between the two front seats. (Which might have been used to keep her cottage cheese cold.) The middle chairs are swivel and quick release. Indirect lighting (like mood lighting) throughout the vans.Oh, and there s a bed. The power sofa in the rear of the vehicle converts into a bed. But given the fact it s only a 6 foot wide vehicle, it might have been a little hard to get a proper night s sleep in it.But it s not exactly great for the environment. It s a 2014 model all-wheel-drive that gets only 16-18 miles per gallon.READ MORE: WEEKLY STANDARD",0
15827,Lesbians4Hillary? Wait…What About Her Unyielding Support For Traditional Marriage In This Video?,"Yep Hillary s now a champion of lesbians and gay marriage. Or is she? It s hard to tell exactly what Hillary stands for. She seemed pretty adamant in the videos below that she was committed to preserving the sanctity of marriage between a man and woman. Hillary Clinton has garnered one of her first major endorsements in run bid for the White House: The nation s largest lesbian political action committee.The group, LPAC, launched Lesbians4Hillary on Monday to support the former First Lady s bid to become the nation s first female president.Lesbians4Hillary, co-chaired by pioneering tennis great Billie Jean King, said:  Hillary Clinton is a proven leader and she has a strong track record when it comes to inclusion   specifically for women and the LGBTQ community. Her entire career has been a road map to get her to this moment and she has earned my respect and my vote to become the next President of the United States of America. I am honored to join LPAC and help lead our effort to elect Hillary Clinton in 2016.  King, who was outed as a lesbian in 1981, was a leader of the group  Women for Hillary  in 2008, as well.But wait what about this video showing Hillary s unyielding support for traditional marriage?In the video released yesterday announcing Clinton s candidacy for president, two gay couples were included. Among them, two lesbians who look lovingly into each other s eyes.However, in her 2008 campaign, Clinton did not support gay marriage. It took her five years   to publicly say that she supported gay marriage. President Barack Obama publicly announced his support for gay marriage nearly a year earlier in March 2012.Via: UK Daily Mail ",0
15828,THE LIST OF OBAMA’S HISTORIC FIRSTS AKA HOW CHICAGO POLITICS CORRUPTED WASHINGTON EVEN MORE,"Wow! What a list of accomplishments! The problem is that these accomplishments are rotten to the core. Just read a few and you ll get a taste of the corruption and Chicago style politics transplanted to D.C. via Obama. Not pretty!Law and Justice  First President to Violate the War Powers Act (Unilaterally Executing American Military Operations in Libya Without Informing Congress In the Required Time Period   Source: Huffington Post)  First President to Triple the Number of Warrantless Wiretaps of U.S. Citizens (Source: ACLU)   First President to Sign into Law a Bill That Permits the Government to  Hold Anyone Suspected of Being Associated With Terrorism Indefinitely, Without Any Form of Due Process. No Indictment. No Judge or Jury. No Evidence. No Trial. Just an Indefinite Jail Sentence  (NDAA Bill   Source: Business Insider)   First President to Refuse to Tell the Public What He Did For Eight (8) Hours After Being Informed That a U.S. Ambassador Was Facing Imminent Death During a Terror Attack (Source: Mediate)   First President to Lie About the Reason For an Ambassador s Death, Blaming it on an Internet Video Rather Than What He Knew to be the Case: the Al Qaeda-linked Terror Group Ansar al-Sharia (Source: House Oversight Committee, et. al.)   First President to Have an Innocent Filmmaker Thrown in Jail After Lying About the Cause for a Deadly Attack on U.S. Diplomats, Using the Filmmaker as a Scapegoat (Source: CNN)   First President to Use the IRS to  Unfairly Target Political Enemies  as Well as pro-Catholic and pro-Jewish Groups (Source: Sen. Ted Cruz)   First President to Unlawfully Seize Telephone Records of More than 100 Reporters to Intimidate and/or Bully Them (Source: Associated Press)   First President to Witness a Single Cabinet Secretary Commit Multiple Hatch Act Violations Without Acting, Speaking Out, Disciplining or Firing That Person (Source: New York Times)   First President to Systematically Release Detained Illegal Aliens Charged With Homicide Into the U.S. Population (Source: USA Today)   First President to Release 40,000 Illegal Aliens with Serious and/or Violent Criminal Records Inside the U.S. (Source: Judicial Watch)   First President to Create Secret Police Units Inside Government Agencies to Block Lawful Investigations by Inspectors General (Source: Associated Press)   First President to Personally Lobby Senators to Violate Senate Rules and Destroy the Filibuster Through  The Nuclear Option  to Consolidate More Executive Power (Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President to create his own propaganda news network and  bypass journalists   [having] developed [his] own network of websites, social media and even created an online newscast to dispense favorable information and images  (Source: Associated Press)   First President to Barricade Open-Air Government Monuments During a Partial Government Shutdown (Source: Rep. Steve Stockman)   First President to Have His Attorney General Held in Criminal Contempt of Congress For His Efforts to Cover Up Operation Fast and Furious, That Killed Over 300 Individuals (Source: Politico)   First President to claim Executive Privilege to shield a sitting Attorney General from a Contempt of Congress finding for perjury and withholding evidence from lawful subpoenas (Source: Business Insider)   First President to Issue Unlawful  Recess-Appointments  Over a Long Weekend   While the U.S. Senate Remained in Session (against the advice of his own Justice Department   Source: United States Court of Appeals)   First President to Fire an Inspector General of Americorps for Catching One of His Friends in a Corruption Case (Source: Gawker)   First President to  Order a Secret Amnesty Program that Stopped the Deportations of Illegal Immigrants Across the U.S., Including Those With Criminal Convictions  (Source: DHS documents uncovered by Judicial Watch)   First President to Sue States for Enforcing Voter ID Requirements, Which Were Previously Ruled Legal by the U.S. Supreme Court (Source: CNN)   First President to Encourage Racial Discrimination and Intimidation at Polling Places (the New Black Panthers voter intimidation case, Source: Investors Business Daily)   First President to Refuse to Comply With a House Oversight Committee Subpoena (Source: Heritage Foundation)   First President to Arbitrarily Declare an Existing Law Unconstitutional and Refuse to Enforce It (Defense of Marriage Act   Source: ABC News)   First President to Increase Surveillance of American Citizen Under the Patriot Act by 1,000 Percent in Four Years (Source: NBC News)   First president to appoint a convicted cop killer s advocate to the Department of Justice (Source: Investor s Business Daily)   First Administration to Be Ruled by a Federal Judge as Aiding and Abetting Human Trafficking (Source: Federal District Court Judge Andrew S. Hanen)   First President to Demand a Company Hand Over $20 Billion to One of His Political Appointees (BP Oil Spill Relief Fund   Source: Fox News)   First President to Have a Law Signed By an  Auto-pen  Without Being  Present  (Source: The New York Times) Scandals   First President to publicly announce an enemies list (consisting of his opponents campaign contributors; and to use the instrumentalities of government to punish those on the list   Source: Heritage Foundation)   First President to Attempt to Block Legally-Required 60-Day Layoff Notices by Government Contractors Due to His Own Cuts to Defense Spending   Because The Notices Would Occur Before the Election. (Source: National Journal)   First President to Intentionally Disable Credit Card Security Measures (in order to allow over-the-limit donations, foreign contributions and other illegal fundraising measures   Source: Power Line)   First President to send 80 percent of a $16 billion program (green energy) to his campaign bundlers and contributors, leaving only 20% to those who did not contribute. (Source: Washington Examiner)   First President to Propose an Executive Order Demanding Companies Disclose Their Political Contributions to Bid on Government Contracts (Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President to issue an Executive Order implementing a  Racial Justice System , a system that tries to achieve  racially equivalent outcomes  for crimes (Source: Daily Caller)   First President to Leak Confidential IRS Tax Records to Groups Aligned Politically With Him for Partisan Advantage (Source: The Hill Newspaper)   First President to Use the EPA to Punish Political Enemies and Reward Political Allies (Source: Competitive Enterprise Institute)   First President to Send Millions in Taxpayer Dollars to His Wife s Former Employer (Source: White House Dossier)   First President to Openly Use the Department of Justice to Intimidate Political Opponents and Threaten Companies to Donate to His Campaign (Source: Peter Schweizer, Extortion)   First President to Direct His Census Dept. to Make Up Favorable Employment Data In Run-Up to His Reelection Campaign (Source: New York Post)   First President to Have His Administration Fund an Organization Tied to the Cop-Killing Terrorist Group, the Weather Underground (Source: National Review)   First President to have the EPA conduct hazardous experiments on the ill, infirm and elederly to push a radical environmental agenda, in a manner not dissimilar to the Third Reich s inhuman medical experiments (Source: The EPA Office of the Inspector General).   First President to be Accused by His Own Party of Ordering the CIA to Spy on Congress (Source: Washington Post)  First President to allow deadly Ebola disease-ridden patients to enter the U.S., refusing to restrict travel from infected countries like other Western allies (Source: New York Daily News)   First president to order his EPA to unilaterally overturn a Federal Statute (changing the borders of Wyoming established by an act of Congress, Source: Casper Star-Tribune).   First president to systematically delay enacting a wide variety of controversial rules until after a presidential election (Source: Washington Post)   First president to have Politifact designate one of his statements  Lie of the Year  (Source: Politifact)Economy   First President to Preside Over a Cut to the Credit Rating of the United States Government (Source: Reuters)   First President to Bypass Congress and Implement the DREAM Act Through Executive Fiat (Source: Christian Science Monitor)   First President to Move America Past the Dependency Tipping Point, In Which 51% of Households Now Pay No Income Taxes (Source: Center for Individual Freedom)   First President to Increase Food Stamp Spending By More Than 100% in Less Than Four Years (Source: Sen. Jeff Sessions)   First President to Spend a Trillion Dollars on  Shovel-Ready  Jobs   and Later Admit There Was No Such Thing as Shovel-Ready Jobs (Source: President Obama during an early meeting of his  Jobs Council )   First President to Threaten Insurance Companies After They Publicly Spoke out on How Obamacare Helped Cause their Rate Increases (Source: The Hill)   First President to Abrogate Bankruptcy Law to Turn Over Control of Companies to His Union Supporters (Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President to Propose Budgets So Unreasonable That Not a Single Representative From Either Party Would Cast a Vote in Favor (Sources: The Hill, Open Market)   First President Whose Economic Policies Have the Number of Americans on Disability Exceed the Population of New York (Source: CNS News)   First President to Sign a Law Requiring All Americans to Purchase a Product From a Third Party (Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President to Sue States For Enforcing Immigration Laws Passed by Congress (Source: The Arizona Republic newspaper)   First President to See America Lose Its Status as the World s Largest Economy (Source: Peterson Institute)   First President to redistribute $26.5 billion of the taxpayers  funds to his union supporters in the UAW (Source: Heritage Foundation)   First President to Threaten an Auto Company (Ford) After It Publicly Mocked Bailouts of GM and Chrysler (Source: Detroit News)   First President to Run a Record 5 Straight Years of Deficits for the Disability Trust Fund (Source: CNS News)   First President to Attempt to Bully a Major Manufacturing Company Into Not Opening a Factory in a Right-to-Work State (Boeing s facility in South Carolina   Source: Wall Street Journal)   First President Since 1872 to See the U.S. Economy Sink From 1st to 2nd Largest in the World (Source: Financial Times).   First President to Conceal Food Stamp Data From Public Scrutiny (Source: Judicial Watch:  8th Circuit Says USDA Can t Keep Hiding Food Stamp Data )   First President to Leave the American Middle Class No Longer the World s Richest (Source: The New York Times)   First President to Retaliate Against a Rating Agency for Downgrading the United States Debt (Source: Investor s Business Daily)   First President to Expand the Regulatory State to an Unprecedented Degree ( New record: Feds issued 56 regs for every new law, 3,659 in 2013 , Source: Washington Examiner)Energy Policy   First President to Endanger the Stability of the Electric Grid by Shutting Down Hundreds of Coal-Fired Plants Without Adequate Replacement Technologies (Source: National Electric Reliability Corporation   PDF)   First President to Have His EPA Repudiated by a Federal Judge for  Overstepping Its Powers  When They Attempted to Shut Down Coal Operations in Appalachia (Source: Huffington Post)   First President to be Held in Contempt of Court for Illegally Obstructing Oil Drilling in the Gulf of Mexico (Source: Politico) National Security and World Affairs   First President to Lie Repeatedly to the American People About the Murder of a U.S. Ambassador and Three Other Diplomatic Personnel for Purely Political Reasons, Rewriting a  Talking Points  Memo No Fewer Than a Dozen Times to Avoid Referencing a Pre-Planned Terror Attack (Source: ABC News)   First President to Openly Defy a Congressional Order Not To Share Sensitive Nuclear Defense Secrets With the Russian Government (Sources: ABC News, Rep. Michael Turner)   First President to Leak Highly Classified Military and Intelligence Secrets to Hollywood In Order to Promote a Movie That Could Help His Reelection Campaign (Source: Judicial Watch)Read more: kenn niemann",0
15829,12 Yr. Old Videotapes A Public Service Announcement For The Low Information Voter," You are one of the most narcissistic, power-hungry, self-absorbed politicians of this day.   I want liberty, not Hillary! On Sunday, CJ Pearson, the 12-year-old Georgia conservative who made headlines with a video saying Barack Obama doesn t love America, posted another video on YouTube slamming Hillary Clinton. Pearson minced no words in his scathing take-down of the former Secretary of State, saying he is  sick and tired  of her. I want liberty, not Hillary,  he said. Pearson described Clinton as  one of the most narcissistic, power-hungry, self-absorbed politicians of this day. He also said Clinton, who was elected to the Senate before being appointed Secretary of State, really has no accomplishments to speak of. The reason she was appointed, he said, was because she  has a good last name.  And, he added, that s the only reason she has any respect in Washington circles. You ve done nothing for this nation, and you don t care about this nation,  he said.  What you care about is, I don t know, Hillary Clinton. I am sick and tired of politicians like you trying to run my country,  he added. Pearson, who is a bit young to vote, said he would not cast a ballot for Clinton because he wants a commander-in-chief, not a  narcissist-in-chief. As of this writing, the video   which can be seen above   has been viewed over 16,000 times. Most of those who commented on the video had high praise for Pearson. This is proof that the mainstream media is losing their grip on Americans,  one person said.  Kid, your (sic) going to be somebody important! If we re still here,  another person added.There were a few detractors, including one person who said Pearson has  a future in tv/politics as the uncle tom expressing the interests of white conservative america (sic).  The commenter was called out for his racism.On Sunday, Clinton announced her run for the White House with a press release that initially said she has  fought children and families her entire career.  She then headed to Iowa in an armored van nicknamed  Scooby  because it reminds her of the van in the 1960s cartoon.Via: Joe Newby, Examiner",0
15830,RUSSIA SELLS MISSILES TO IRAN IN DEFIANCE OF OBAMA’S “RED LINE”,"Russia decides to ignore Obama s red line and sells missiles to Iran.  With a weak leader like Obama, it s no wonder Putin thumbs his nose at us Russia s announcement on Monday that it will proceed with the sale of advanced missile systems to Iran crosses a so-called  red line  established by the Obama administration in 2010, according to comments by senior administration officials.Following years of dissent from the United States, Russia announced on Monday that it would proceed with the sale of the advanced S-300 air defense missile system to Iran, which has been vying to purchase the hardware for years.The announcement sparked criticism from the Obama administration, which has been pressuring Iran since at least 2010 to withhold the sale.Russia s previous ban on selling Tehran the powerful defense system was hailed as a coup by the Obama administration and promoted by it as an example of President Obama s ability to rein in Russian intransigence on the military front.However, Monday s announcement by Russia threatens to complicate an already fractured relationship with Moscow and throw into further jeopardy the ongoing negotiations with Tehran over its nuclear program.Experts have warned that the reversal threatens to split the international coalition currently working to halt Iran s nuclear program a narrative that the White House is working to downplayThe Russian executive order effectively  lifts the ban on transit of the S-300 air defense missile systems via Russian Federation territory (including by air), export from the Russian Federation to the Islamic Republic of Iran, and transfer of the S-300 to the Islamic Republic of Iran outside the Russian Federation s territory, using ships or aircraft flying the Russian Federation flag,  according to an announcement by Moscow.Russia s decision to arm Tehran with the S-300 system erodes a long-promoted narrative by the Obama administration about its success in preventing Russian proliferation.Read more: WFB",0
15831,100% FED UP! WITH HILLARY 2016? WE’VE GOT THE AWESOME ANSWER AND REASONS #WHYIMNOTVOTINGFORHILLARY,"Yada, yada, yada  Hillary Clinton announced her 2016 presidential bid in a two-minute video that she uploaded to YouTube. Is everyone else as 100% FED Up! with the Hillary 2016 push from the main stream media? Yep, I thought so BUT THIS IS AWESOME AND YOU SHOULD PARTICIPATE ON TWITTER: Within minutes of her announcement, Twitter blew up with the following hashtag: #WhyImNotVotingForHillary. It quickly became the number one trending hashtag.In honor of this awesome hashtag, here is a list of some of the best reasons why Americans are choosing to NOT vote for Hillary Clinton: America should not be run by crooks. She hasn t cared about the Middle Class in 70 years. She s starting now???? I support women! That includes the unborn in the womb. I won t support anyone that supports Planned Parenthood. When terrorists murdered a US ambassador and 3 other Americans, her response was,  What difference does it make? She takes money from countries that execute homosexuals and oppress women. She couldn t satisfy her husband how is she going to satisfy a whole country? Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, Sean Smith, Tyrone Woods, and Glen Doherty. Because she s morally bankrupt! Judge Jeanine: Hillary Clinton is only out for herself. She is the poster child for what s wrong with our government. She is a criminal. She is a liar. She has accomplished nothing. I don t believe in socialism. The left believes in the supremacy of govt over the individual. Do you want tyranny or liberty? I don t believe in political dynasties. Because God must be ignored to adopt her   Ends Justifies the Means   ideology. She is Bill and Obama but without the charm. Enough is too much already. Corruption, incompetence, dishonesty, elitism  just a few reasons. As a Hispanic, black woman I feel insulted by Dems who feel my needs are only abortion, immigration and racism. Because her greatest accomplishment has been accomplishing nothing worthy of our votes. I ve taken European History. I know the dangers of a socialist leader. Because she s worse than Caligula. Worse than the Oakland Raiders. Worse than Obamacare. Almost as bad as cancer.  Boo yah!Please feel free to join in on the trend and issue your own #WhyImNotVotingForHillary tweet!Via: Down Trend",0
15832,CUBA STILL A COMMIE HELLHOLE AFTER OBAMA’S “NORMALIZATION”: 4 YEARS IN THE SLAMMER FOR “SOCIAL DANGEROUSNESS”,"Don t you know Obama would love to just throw those who disagree with him in jail. Well, the Cuban government has only increased their detention of political dissenters since the  normalization  of relations with the Communist country. Basically, we ve just given Cuba more money to oppress its people it ll all a big fat NOTHING-BURGER The Cuban Human Rights and National Reconciliation Commission, or CCDHRN, said Thursday that Cuba s government detained 610 people for political reasons in March, the highest number in the past seven months. There is a noticeable trend toward increasing repressive activities of this kind,  the CCDHRN said in its monthly report.  At the same time, we also identify 95 cases of people who suffered other forms of political repression including physical attacks, police harassment and vandalism and hostile demonstrations. The exercise of all civil and political rights is still a crime,  the group said, noting that the Cuban penal code still includes an offense called  pre-criminal social dangerousness,  which is punishable by up to four years in prison.The country is unlikely to see an improvement in respect for fundamental, civil and political rights  as a result of the government s inflexible posture and its opposition to any effort or proposal leading to the urgent judicial, economic and political reforms that the Cuban people need and deserve,  the commission said. Read more: Latin American Herald",0
15833,THEIR EVIL KNOWS NO BOUNDS: TALIBAN EXECUTES 5 “SAVE THE CHILDREN WORKERS” AS ISIS KIDNAPS 120 SCHOOLCHILDREN TO BE TRAINED AS TERRORISTS,"The Taliban or ISIS? Does it really matter? Radical islam is just evil and knows no bounds.Killing aid workers is as low as they could go except now they ve brought it down to the kid level Five aid workers who d been kidnapped were found murdered:The bodies of five Afghan aid workers working for Save the Children were found on Friday, 39 days after their abduction by the Taliban in the central province of Uruzgan, a spokesman for provincial governor Dost Mohammad Nayab said.ISIS KIDNAPS 120 CHILDREN:The Islamic State group has abducted 120 schoolchildren in the embattled Iraqi city of Mosul, it was reported Sunday, and has transported the kids to an unknown locationAccording to Iraqi sources quoted by the German DPA wire service, the children, aged 12-15, were reportedly snatched from their classrooms and loaded on military vehicles by the Islamist extremists.According to local reports, the abducted children were taken by IS to be trained as fighters for the terror group. The children of wealthy families are said to be ransomed back to their families for significant sums that can run into hundreds of thousands of dollars.On Saturday, Islamic State fighters launched suicide attacks against the Baiji oil refinery, Iraq s largest, a senior army officer said. The jihadist group claimed it broke in but the Iraqi army said the site, which has been the scene of fierce battles since IS swept across the region last year, remained under its control.The Islamic State group launched a massive offensive on northwestern Iraq in June and swept across much of the country s Sunni Arab heartland within days.Counter-terror and other forces tasked with protecting the vital Baiji refinery held out and remained besieged for months.VIA: GATEWAY PUNDIT",0
15834,"PRO ABORTION PAC, Emily’s List Doing Its Part To Keep Minority Population In Check… Endorses Hillary","Of course Emily s List is going to support Hillary, because Democrats have been doing their part to keep the   unwanted  or  undesirable  babies from making it out of the womb alive for decades .WASHINGTON, D.C.   Today EMILY s List, the nation s largest resource for women in politics, endorsed Hillary Clinton for president. Clinton is on track to become the first woman to win the Democratic nomination, and if elected, the first woman president of the United States. Hillary Clinton is a lifelong champion for women and families and the most qualified candidate to be president,  said Stephanie Schriock, President of EMILY s List.  With roots in the middle class, Hillary s top priority is changing the economic reality for American families. Her focus is on strengthening the middle class, creating jobs, and making sure hardworking families get a fair shot. No one will work harder than Hillary. She knows how to lead so Washington fights for all Americans. As president, Hillary will create more opportunities than ever for women and girls (give them access to on demand abortions) and for all hardworking Americans across the country, just as she has done throughout her exceptional career. The EMILY s List community   now more than three million members strong   is proud to endorse Hillary Clinton for president. Hillary Clinton has devoted her entire career to fighting for women and families (supporting the killing of unborn babies). Instead of going to a big law firm after graduating from Yale Law School, she took her first job going door to door for the Children s Defense Fund. She helped lead the fight for the Children s Health Insurance Program as first lady of the United States, and she put emphasis on women s rights as a  cornerstone of American foreign policy  as Secretary of State.A visionary leader who s always worked to create opportunity for others, Hillary has said she believes  our challenge is to be clear-eyed about the world as it is while never losing sight of the world as we want it to become.  When she is elected president, it will mean more opportunities for women, more opportunities for girls, and more opportunities for hardworking Americans across the country.Via: Weasel Zippers",0
15835,[Video] OBAMA TAKES ADVANTAGE Of Opportunity To Speak In Front Of Communists in Panama About Racist America: ‘There Are Dark Chapters in Our Own History’," We have not observed the principles and ideals upon which this country was founded. Obama makes sure to let everyone know  Americans never makes a claim about being perfect, we do make a claim about being open to  change.' We re pretty sure every communist and socialist in the room would approve of Obama s version of  change. h/t red flag news",0
15836,FEEL GOOD STORY OF THE DAY: [Video] HOW CHRISTIAN OWNERS OF MEMORIES PIZZA WILL SPEND THE $842K In Donations They Received After Death Threats From The Left Shut Them Down,"  I don t hate these people. They are just angry.    Mr. O Connor, owner of Memories PizzaMemories Pizza-1 Gay Mafia-0 If a child of mine was gay I would love them, but I still wouldn t go to the wedding. The pizza parlor owners who received death threats and were subjected to an online hate campaign will reopen for business tomorrow with the backing of $842,000 from well wishers and a defiant message that they stand by their opposition to gay weddings. They were going to open today but were advised to hold off for security reasons.In an exclusive first interview inside Memories Pizza restaurant since it closed down last week, owner Kevin O Connor and daughter Crystal emerged from hiding and told Daily Mail Online they had been heartened by the support of 29,000 people who donated and many more who wrote to them.They revealed they are set to share their new fortune with disabled children, a women s help group, fire fighters, police trusts, Christian churches and Washington florist Barronelle Stutzman, 70, who was fined after declaring she would not serve a gay wedding.The tiny pizza joint in the unremarkable town of Walkerton, which has a population of just over 2000, became the focal point of a raging national debate over Indiana s Religious Freedom Restoration Act, which was passed last month.Critics said it would allow individuals and businesses to use religion as a defense against any accusation of discrimination from gay people.The bill was severely tested over the last week after Crystal, 22, a devout Christian, told a local radio station that the restaurant she runs with her father would never cater a wedding of two people of the same sex.Mr. O Connor and his daughter were still adamant today, despite the furor that has engulfed them, that they would refuse to serve gay marriages with their pizzas. He added:   If any child of mine came out as gay and entered into a gay marriage, I would still love them, but Daddy wouldn t be going to the wedding. The O Connors, who serve around 100 pizzas a week to locals, admitted they had never actually been commissioned to provide their 16 inch $12.99 cheese pizzas or pulled pork $5.75 sandwiches to a same sex wedding.Crystal said:  I was asked a hypothetical question and that was the answer I gave. But I didn t hope to gain anything by saying what I said.  I wasn t trying to score points. It is something I believe in from my heart and my faith about gay weddings. But I don t regret what I said.  I have been scared, but God is giving me strength. I think it is nothing compared to what Christ had to suffer. Speaking to ABC57 a week ago, Crystal said:  If a gay couple came in and wanted us to provide pizzas for their wedding, we would have to say no.  The remark was quickly picked up by opponents of the new law and sparked an intense and angry debate, with threats being made against the O Conners, forcing them to close down and go into hiding until today.Crystal said:  I don t like attention, period. Before all this I was the  Pizza Girl  and I didn t like that and now I got even more attention. I don t know how to take it.  She said the abuse in telephone calls and in online remarks had frightened her of being attacked when walking along the sidewalk in tiny Walkerton which is primarily set around a small stretch of a busy highway. I didn t want to leave my apartment. I was scared.  People were looking at me and all that brought my spirits down. But the support we got also lifted me and made me stronger and humbled. But it has been difficult. Her father, who has owned the business for around nine years, said:  I am overwhelmed and not just because of the money, but the positive feedback that we have met with.  There are just a lot of good people out there. It seems like all we hear about is the bad ones and when something like this happens, it seems like the bad ones are the first to come out and get after you. I don t hate these people. They are just angry. I am not really sure what they are so angry about. So many things today are topsy turvey. What used to be wrong is now right and what used to be right is now wrong. I don t hold anything against them.  When this country was founded it was a Christian nation and those were the rights given to us by the founders and before that by God. People just don t want you to have those rights any more. I just don t understand it all. But it is kind of like fighting the fire. The fire burns big until the fire trucks get there. The fire rages and the more supportive people are like the fire trucks as they come in and start displacing the flames, putting it down and building your spirits back up. He recalled how the fury began over a few words Crystal chose to reveal her deep rooted opposition to same sex marriages. This all happened last Tuesday. Crystal was by herself and I was by myself in a different spot.  He said his daughter telephoned him to discuss a reporter s request for an interview on the ramifications of the new law and whether she should agree to talk.Mr O Conner said he considered the situation after he recalled a verse from the Bible   when Christ said  If you deny me before a man, I will deny you before the father . He said he felt it would be denying his and his daughters Christian beliefs if they did not admit to their opposition against gay marriage.After the interview had been broadcast and the negative remarks began, he said he saw his daughter s despair.  She was feeling more and more helpless about it and I was telling her  Its going to be ok its not going to be that big.  And then it just blew up and the ugliness arrived. But it was not a throwaway remark that she made. We do not believe in gay marriages, so we will not support them. A local teacher sent a message out on Twitter, which was quickly deleted, calling for Memories Pizza to be firebombed. The message is now the subject of a police investigation and charges are being considered against her. The sports school coach has been suspended.Mr O Connor said he had read some of the remarks against him and his daughter and he found them  vile and disgraceful .  I have seen some of the stuff and it disgusts me and I don t know how one human being can think about doing something like that to another. I had never really thought about being hated before. But on the day after which was a Wednesday, stuff started rolling in and it really started lifting ourspirits.  There were a whole lot of people out there who began voicing our support and just building our confidence. It is very encouraging to know there are other people out there who think the way you do and feel the same way you feel.Via: UK Daily Mail",0
15837,(VIDEO) UNBELIEVABLE! BLACK JUDGE BERATES VICTIMS OF HOME INVASION AND YOU WON’T BELIEVE WHY,"You won t believe this judge and how he berates a family that was terrorized in a home invasion. Can a three-year old help how she feels after this traumatic event?The reason Judge Olu Stevens of Louisville, Kentucky berated a family that was terrorized by two black home invaders   in court and on Facebook   will knock your socks off. In all my years, I don t think I ve ever seen such an egregious example of race-card abuse.The judge was  troubled  and  offended  by the fact that a three year victim was so traumatized by a violent home invasion, she is now fearful of black males.Jordan and Tommy Gray s 3-year old daughter was watching  SpongeBob  when two black armed men broke into her home and robbed her family at gunpoint   one of the perps pointing a gun in her father s face.Mom and dad honestly noted on the their victim impact statement that she is still afraid of black men 2 years later. Whenever we are running errands, if we come across a black male, she holds me tight and begs me to leave,  the mother said.  It has affected her friendships at school and our relationships with African-American friends. Tommy Gray also wrote that since the crime, his daughter had been terrified of black males and that probation was not sufficient punishment for Gregory Wallace, 27, who had pleaded guilty to robbery. If holding a little girl at gunpoint gets you probation, then our system is flawed,  Gray said.But when Wallace was brought up for sentencing Feb. 4 in Jefferson Circuit Court, it was the parents, not Wallace, who suffered Judge Olu Stevens  wrath. I am offended.   I am deeply offended that they would be victimized by an individual and express some kind of fear of all black men,  he said. This little girl certainly has been victimized, and she can t help the way she feels,  he said.  My exception is more with her parents and their accepting that kind of mentality and fostering those type of stereotypes. The Grays were not in court as Stevens denounced their statements and granted probation to Wallace, whom he said deserved the opportunity to redeem himself.But they did see when Stevens condemned their statements again, in a post on Facebook. Do three year olds form such generalized, stereotyped and racist opinions of others?  he wrote.  I think not. Perhaps the mother had attributed her own views to her child as a manner of sanitizing them. That a supposedly unbiased judge would ask such an ridiculously biased  leading question  does not speak well of him.It s obviously true that three year olds generally don t develop  generalized, stereotyped and racist opinions (as if you could call her fears those things)  on their own.  This young tot had a little help   She was traumatized when a couple of black home invaders terrorized her family. Is this judge stupid?The family is obviously unhappy that the ordeal has negatively impacted their daughter s view of blacks. How did he miss that? It s why they listed it it on the impact statement.Later Stevens said,  I wasn t criticizing the victims, I was criticizing a statement that I thought was a generalization against an entire race of people. He was criticizing the feelings of a three year old victim of a crime. Shame on him. #SMDHMeanwhile    Wallace and his accomplice, Marquis McAfee, both 27, were arrested about three weeks after the robbery. Both pleaded guilty and McAfee, who was on probation for a prior crime, was sentenced to 10 years in prison, which he is serving.Assistant Commonwealth s Attorney Richard Elder objected to probation for Wallace, who pleaded guilty to a 20-year sentence, saying he was  guilty as hell  and  put a gun in that little girl s father s face. Via: nice deb",0
15838,"THIS IS GREAT! ANTI-HILLARY STREET ART POPS UP EVERYWHERE IN BROOKLYNHillary Clinton’s supporters were calling certain words used to describe her as sexist. Words like entitled, ambitious, and secretive… The area around Hillary’s campaign headquarters was plastered with this:          ","Hillary Clinton s supporters were calling certain words used to describe her as sexist. Words like entitled, ambitious, and secretive The area around Hillary s campaign headquarters was plastered with this: ",0
15839,https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/hillarystreetart.jpg,https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/hillarystreetart.jpg,0
15840,https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/entitled.jpg,https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/entitled.jpg,0
15841,(VIDEO) OBAMA THROWS AMERICA UNDER THE BUS…AGAIN," I am a student of history so I tend to actually be familiar with many of these episodes that have been mentioned. I am the first one to acknowledge that America s application to concern around human rights has not always been consistent. And, I m certainly mindful that there are dark chapters in our own history in which we have not always observed the principles and ideals upon which the country was founded. Just a few weeks ago I was in Selma, Alabama celebrating the 50th anniversary of a march across a bridge that resulted in horrific violence and the reason I was there and the reason it was a celebration is because it was a triumph of human spirit in which ordinary people without resort to violence were able to overcome systematic segregation. There voices were heard and our country changed. America never makes a claim about being perfect, we do make a claim about being open to change. ",0
15842,"(VIDEO) HYSTERICAL SNL TAKE ON HILLARY’S ANNOUNCEMENT: ‘BUCKLE UP AMERICA, THE CLINTONS ARE BACK!’", ,0
15843,HILLARY SHOWS HER TRUE COLORS IN A VIDEO SHE DIDN’T THINK ANYONE WOULD SEE,"Since Hillary s making a big announcement today we thought we d give everyone a chance to see the real Hillary. This is a side of Hillary that we ve all heard about, but is rarely captured on film.Don t look now Hillary, but your arrogance is showing.Hillary s war on women ",0
15844,FIGHTING BACK: [VIDEO] Ben Carson’s Brilliance Was More Than CNN’s Chris Cuomo Bargained For As He Desperately Attempts To Paint Him As A ‘homophobe’,"It s so refreshing to see these GOP candidates who are unwilling to allow the left to misrepresent their beliefs and create a distorted view of their positions on social issues.Having identified what they perceive as his Achilles heel, the liberal media continues to go at potential Republican presidential contender Ben Carson over gay issues.But Carson is clearly learning.The latest attempt at  gotcha jornalism  took place early Thursday when the retired neurosurgeon sat down with CNN anchor Chris Cuomo, who started off lecturing Carson about not being able to  duck issues  as president. As president of the United States, do you understand that you wouldn t be able to duck issues just because they make you uncomfortable or you don t do well on them?  Cuomo asked.  You understand that?(Gone are the days when such a condescending question would have resulted in a widespread media outcry of racism   after all, Carson is a Republican.)Taking the question at face value and asking what issues Cuomo had in mind, Carson was hit with  gay issues,  which Cuomo called  a very important issue to the development of the American culture. https://youtu.be/GE0O5AwP97sCarson responded with understated class, noting sexuality is a personal issue that he didn t find it nearly as interesting as Cuomo, who then tried to swing the conversation to gay marriage. Carson countered to say he would like to see the rights of Christians receive the same intensity, which prompted an interesting exchange. I would like to see as much emphasis on the rights of Christians as there is to some of the other groups,  Carson said.  I would like to see a much greater conservation about Christians and their rights. Why are we not talking about that? We are right now,  Cuomo replied.  The LGBT community gets far less legal protection, as you know No, not as I know,  Carson interjected. How do you not know that?  Cuomo asked.Carson then hit home on the crux of what defines the Democratic Party   identity politics. The important thing is for us as a nation to recognize that all citizens of the United States are protected by our Constitution,  he said.  We need to stop deciding that one group versus another is the flavor of the day. Via: Biz Pac Review",0
15845,EGYPTIAN COURT SENTENCES MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD LEADER AND 13 OTHERS TO DEATH AND LEADER’S “Peaceful” U.S.-Egyptian Brother To Life In Prison,"But wait wasn t the Muslim Brotherhood s Arab Spring (Sharia Law for all Egyptians) supposed to be a good thing? An Egyptian court sentenced Mohamed Badie, leader of the outlawed Muslim Brotherhood, and 13 other senior members of the group to death for inciting chaos and violence, and gave a life term to a U.S.-Egyptian citizen for ties to the Brotherhood.The men were among thousands of people detained after freely elected Islamist president Mohamed Mursi was toppled in 2013 by the military under Abdel Fattah al-Sisi, who is now president.Sisi describes the Brotherhood as a major security threat. The group says it is committed to peaceful activism and had nothing to do with Islamist militant violence in Egypt since Mursi s fall following mass protests against his rule.Egypt s mass trials of Brotherhood members and people accused of links to the group, as well as its tough crackdown on Islamist and liberal opposition alike, have drawn international criticism of its judicial system and human rights record.The sentences, pronounced at a televised court session on Saturday, can be appealed before Egypt s highest civilian court in a process that could take years to reach a final verdict.U.S.-Egyptian citizen Mohamed Soltan was sentenced to life in jail for supporting the veteran Islamist movement and transmitting false news. He is the son of Brotherhood preacher Salah Soltan, who was among those sentenced to death.Mohamed Abdel-Mawgod, one of the defense lawyers, condemned the verdicts.  The court did not differentiate between the defendants and put them all in the same basket,  he told reporters at the courthouse. None of the defendants were present during the hearing.Badie is the Brotherhood s General Guide and has already been sentenced to several death and life sentences. His deputy Khairat El-Shater was given a life sentence on Saturday. OPERATIONS ROOM  TRIALRights groups say Egypt, where a popular uprising toppled veteran autocrat Hosni Mubarak in 2011 and started years of political turmoil, is now cracking down on all dissent. Sisi says stability is needed to revive the shattered economy.Rights advocates have criticized a U.S. decision to end a freeze on military aid to Cairo, saying Washington is putting human rights on the backburner. The United States has said the decision to end the freeze was in the interest of national security.Mohamed Soltan, 27, arrested in August 2013, had been on hunger strike while in prison. He deserves the punishment because of the money and instructions from the Brotherhood which were found with him, and for spreading chaos and horror in society,  presiding Judge Mohamed Nagi Shehata told reporters.Sara Mohamed, a relative of the Soltan family, said they would appeal the verdict.  It was a farce trial of the first class None of the defendants attended the session,  she told Reuters by phone.A website calling for Mohamed Soltan s release says he was not a member of the Brotherhood, describing him as a U.S.-educated peace activist who was involved in youth events and charities. The website shows pictures of him lying emaciated on a stretcher while in detention.Saturday s case was known in local media as  The Rabaa Operations Room  trial. This is in reference to a sit-in at Rabaa square in 2013 in which hundreds of people protesting at the overthrow of Mursi were killed when security forces tried to clear the area by force.Cairo has defended its actions, saying it had given protesters the opportunity to leave peacefully and that armed elements within the Brotherhood initiated the violence.Saturday s session sentenced 51 people. Those who were not sentenced to death were given a life sentence. The long list of charges included leading and funding an outlawed group, overturning the constitution and planning to spread chaos, a court source said.Via: Reuters",0
15846,BREAKING: WHY DID MASSACHUSETTS OFFICIALS WAIT SO LONG To Release This Video Showing Thug Shooting Police Officer In Face? [VIDEO],"Where was the media coverage when this black thug shot a white police officer in the face? It clearly doesn t fit their narrative which explains why this horrific incident took place on March 27, 2015 and the video is just being released today Massachusetts officials on Friday released video footage showing the near-fatal shooting of a Boston police officer last month by a man who was subsequently shot dead by other officers.The decision to release the footage comes amid protests in several major U.S. cities over a series of killings of civilians in recent months. The latest occurred last Saturday when a white officer in South Carolina was videotaped shooting an unarmed black man as he fled after a traffic stop. It is in everyone s best interest to share (this) information as soon as possible in order to tamp down speculation and rumors meant to inflame and not inform,  Suffolk District Attorney Daniel F. Conley said at a news conference.The video shows six-year Boston Police Department veteran John Moynihan and two colleagues approaching a car stopped at about 6:40 p.m. on March 27 in Boston s Roxbury neighborhood.As Moynihan stands near the driver s door, a man identified by police as 41-year-old Angelo West jumps out of the vehicle, shoots Moynihan in the face and runs out of the camera frame as Moynihan falls to the ground.Authorities say West, who had a criminal record including prior gun charges, was shooting at police as he ran and that Moynihan s fellow officers returned fire, killing him.Moynihan, 34, is recovering after surgery to remove a bullet lodged in his neck.Local leaders at the news conference said that anger toward police over the incident was minimal. We need to be very aware that the work of police officers is indeed very dangerous,  said Rev. Mark Scott, of the Azusa Christian Community in Boston s Dorchester neighborhood.He called West s death  tragic,  but added that once someone pulls a gun on a police officer,  you don t leave the police any other option but to respond. The Suffolk District Attorney s office is investigating the shootings and has said it will release a full report on the incident later.Via: Reuters",0
15847,"JIHAD FOR DUMMIES: How US Army Enlistee, Mohammed Abdullah Hassan Was Caught Attempting To Bomb US Army Base","Note to little Johnny you might want to consider using a diary next time you write about how you d like to engage in violent jihad in the name of ISIS.A 20-year-old Kansas man plotted to kill American soldiers with a vehicle bomb at the Fort Riley military base, an attack he planned to carry out on behalf of the ISIS terror group, prosecutors announced Friday.John T. Booker, also known as Mohammed Abdullah Hassan, was arrested as part of a lengthy FBI investigation. Federal authorities said he was arrested near the army base in Manhattan, Kansas, as he completed final preparations to detonate the bomb, which had, in fact, been rendered inert while he was under FBI surveillance. As alleged in the complaint, John Booker attempted to attack U.S. military personnel on U.S. soil purportedly in the name of (ISIS),  said Assistant Attorney General John Carlin.  Thanks to the efforts of the law enforcement community, we were able to safely disrupt this threat to the brave men and women who serve our country. Protecting American lives by identifying and bringing to justice those who wish to harm U.S. citizens remains the National Security Division s number one priority. Prosecutors said Booker repeatedly stated he wanted to engage in violent jihad on behalf of ISIS. He became an Army recruit and said he intended to commit an insider attack against American soldiers, like Major Nidal Hassan at Fort Hood in Texas.Booker is the latest among a number of ISIS sympathizers who have been arrested by the FBI in recent weeks.A criminal complaint unsealed Friday charged Booker with one count of attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction (explosives), one count of attempting to damage property by means of an explosive and one count of attempting to provide material support to a designated foreign terrorist organization.He was due to appear Friday afternoon in federal court in Topeka.The criminal complaint Friday alleged that Booker spent months developing and attempting to execute a plan that would result in his own death as an ISIS suicide bomber. It also alleged that he  planned to pull the trigger of the explosives himself so that he would die in the explosion,  Kansas U.S. Attorney Barry Grissom said at a news conference. I want to assure the public there was never any breach of Fort Riley Military Base, nor was the safety or the security of the base or its personnel ever at risk,  said Kansas City FBI Special Agent in Charge Eric Jackson.  Recently the Command Staff at Fort Riley has been working hand in hand with law enforcement to ensure the utmost security and protection for the men and women who serve our country, and the surrounding community that supports the base. Booker allegedly plotted to construct an explosive device for attack on American soil for months during meetings with two FBI informants. He told one killing Americans was permissible because the Koran  says to kill your enemies wherever they are. Prosecutors said the jihadi wannabe advanced the plot by acquiring components for a vehicle bomb, producing a propaganda video and renting a storage locker to store components for the explosive device.Prosecutors said he identified Fort Riley as the target and talked about his commitment to trigger the device himself and become a jihadi martyr.His arrest came behind the wheel of a van he belived was packed with 1,000 pounds of explosive.Last year FoxNews.com reported exclusively that Booker was under investigation for threatening online to commit a  Fort Hood-inspired  act of terror just weeks away from reporting for basic training.The military learned of his radicalism   which had apparently been on display for months in online posts where he praised Usama bin Laden and pledged to die for radical Islam.FoxNews.com reported then that Booker was the subject of an FBI alert. Getting ready to be killed in jihad is a HUGE adrenaline rush! I am so nervous,  read a March 19. 2014 post on the Facebook page authorities believe belonged to Booker.  NOT because I m scared to die but I am EAGER to meet my lord. FoxNews.com reported Booker enlisted in the Army in February 2014 and was due to report for basic training less than two months later on April 7. But the FBI interviewed him in March and alerted the Army, which formally discharged him.Via: FOX News",0
15848,[Video] MONTEL WILLIAMS BROUGHT TO TEARS OVER TREATMENT OF US MARINE JAILED IN IRAN #FreeAmirNow," Find out how many are going to sign up to go to war when we keep doing this to those who protect us.              Montel WilliamsMontel Williams got emotions during his appearance on Greta Van Susteren s  On The Record,  when discussing U.S. Marine veteran, Amir Hekmati who has been held in an Iranian prison for more than three years.Amir Hekmati, 31, has been jailed in the most dangerous Iranian prison for more than 1,300 days. The Iranian-American was born in Arizona but held dual citizenship when he flew to Iran to visit his dying grandmother.Hekmati was arrested and charged with spying for the United States government. He was sentenced to death, but that sentence was reversed. Hekmati was then convicted of a lesser charge and sentenced to 10 years in prison.Williams told Greta Van Susteren that the jailed Marine has been whipped and even made addicted to drugs just so that he could be tortured with withdrawal.Hekmati recently renounced his Iranian citizenship in an effort to be freed. It has become very clear to me that those responsible view Iranian-Americans not as citizens or even human beings, but as bargaining chips and tools for propaganda,  Hekmati said.  Considering how little value the Ministry of Intelligence places on my Iranian citizenship and passport, I, too, place little value on them and inform you, effective immediately, that I formally renounce my Iranian citizenship and passport.  Williams said that it s an  abomination  that Americans don t know that a U.S. Marine who served in Iraq is now imprisoned in Iran. The State Department has not been speaking to Hekmati s family, Williams said.Williams had a request tonight for Fox News viewers. Please, hashtag #FreeAmirNow, start blasting this tonight so that by tomorrow morning when these [Iran nuclear weapon] discussions get ready to come to an end, we don t leave another Marine behind,  Williams said.Via: FOX News",0
15849,YOUR TAX DOLLARS PROVIDE THIS ASST PROFESSOR A CAPTIVE AUDIENCE REQUIRED TO LISTEN THIS: ‘Religious Right worships an “a**hole’ God And ‘white supremacist Jesus’,"Yep that s correct. Your hard earned tax dollars are helping to pay her salary Just days before Easter, one professor took to the internet to blast Christian conservatives for inventing a  white supremacist Jesus. On Wednesday, Rutgers University professor Brittney Cooper published a column for online magazine Salon excoriating supporters of Indiana s Religious Freedom Restoration Act which she dubbed  religious freedom garbage and alleging that conservative Christians harbor  antagonistic  political views toward  every single group of people who are not white, male, Christian, cisgender, straight and middle-class. Any time right-wing conservatives declare that they are trying to restore or reclaim something, we should all be very afraid,  Cooper wrote in reference to the controversial Indiana law that prevents the state from constraining individuals  free exercise of religion without demonstrating a compelling government interest.According to Cooper, the law is the culmination of  conservative anxieties over the legalization of same-sex marriage in Indiana,  and will lead the state back to the  idyllic environs of the 1950s, wherein women, and gays, and blacks knew their respective places and stayed in them. Cooper says the Supreme Court s ruling last June in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby which allowed owners of closely held, for-profit corporations to seek exemptions from laws that violate their owners  religious beliefs provided the logic Indiana has used to  curtail and abridge  gay rights. She also claims the Indiana law  sanctions the exercise of Islamophobia  and declares it a slippery slope that will lead to  racially inflected religious discrimination. Nothing about the cultural and moral regime of the religious right in this country signals any kind of freedom,  writes Cooper, adding that  this kind of legislation is rooted in a politics that gives white people the authority to police and terrorize people of color, queer people and poor women. The self-proclaimed Christian professor says she often questions if she  worship[s] the same God of white religious conservatives,  who she describes as a  white, blond-haired, blue-eyed, gun-toting, Bible-quoting Jesus. I call this god, the god of white supremacy and patriarchy,  Cooper writes.According to Cooper,  if your politics are rooted in the contemporary anti-Black, misogynist, homophobic conservatism, then we are not serving the same God. That God, she claims, is  an asshole  with  nothing holy, loving, righteous, inclusive, liberatory theologically sound about him. Cooper concludes by encouraging others to declare  death to the unholy trinity of white supremacist, capitalist, heteropatriarchy  allegedly created by those on the Religious Right who  have pimped Jesus  death to support the global spread of American empire vis-a-vis war Cooper, who teaches Women s and Gender studies and Africana Studies at the publicly-funded university in New Brunswick, N.J., describes herself as a  next generation black intellectual. Via: Campus Reform",0
15850,Meet The CA Sheriff Who Won’t Be Bullied By Obama And Illegal Immigrant Activists Who Believe The Laws Don’t Apply To Lawbreakers," If you have a system that rewards you for being a victim, it s subject to abuse.  Sheriff Donny YoungbloodThat kind of stance has won him enemies in California s immigrant-rights movement and frequent comparisons to Joe Arpaio, the brash Arizona sheriff notorious for his workplace raids and ID checks.Youngblood, 64, said he isn t trying to make headlines. The Vietnam War veteran, who grew up working in the potato sheds around Bakersfield, said he s happier hiking or riding his quarter horse, Sparky.He lives in the same modest suburban neighborhood where he grew up, on Bakersfield s now heavily Latino Eastside, and bristles at accusations that his policies encourage racial profiling, pointing out that a third of his deputies are Latino.As he drove through town on a recent morning, past oil derricks, gated golf courses and strip malls lined with Mexican restaurants and carnicerias, Youngblood outlined his philosophy on immigration.The federal government should start enforcing immigration laws   or write new ones, he said. He criticized President Obama s new deportation policies, which say most immigrants who have not committed serious crimes and have fewer than three minor crimes on their records should not be priorities for removal. You re in this country illegally and we re going to give you three bites of the apple? That s three victims!  Youngblood said.  If you commit crimes, you oughta go. Youngblood s defiant views have made him a rare voice of dissent in what has become the nation s most welcoming state for people in the country illegally.At a time when the Democrat-controlled Legislature has moved to allow such immigrants to drive, practice law and pay in-state college tuition   passing 26 immigrant-friendly laws last year alone, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures   Youngblood is an outlier.He has largely refused to sign paperwork that immigrant crime victims need to apply for U visas, which allow some victims to stay in the country lawfully. As president of the Major County Sheriffs  Assn., a national advocacy group, he has asked Immigration and Customs Enforcement officials to share data with police so patrol officers can determine whether the person they stop may be in the country illegally.Youngblood said his department began following the Trust Act last year on the advice of county attorneys. But he said he reserves the right to violate it. If ICE calls me and says,  You have someone there who has committed this heinous crime, and we really need you to hold them,  I m probably going to hold them,  he said.Youngblood s approach has been celebrated by those who believe, as he does, that Obama has been too lax on immigration enforcement.And it has made him the target of activists who accuse him of setting his own immigration policy and of sowing fear among the estimated 66,000 immigrants in this rural county illegally. People are scared,  said Lorena Lara, an immigrant who was brought to the country illegally by her farmworker father and who now works for a community organizing group called Faith in Action Kern County.  They re afraid to call the police because they think they might be deported. Immigrant advocates have been pushing for more protections and political representation in the Central Valley since Cesar Chavez launched the modern immigrant-rights movement in the grape fields here half a century ago. In recent years, Kern County has been the scene of tense standoffs between protesters on opposing sides of the immigration debate, including a well-publicized shouting match outside the Bakersfield office of Republican Rep. Kevin McCarthy in 2013.The majority of Kern County residents are Latino, but it wasn t until the 1990s that a Latino was elected to the Bakersfield City Council or the Kern County Board of Supervisors. (Political scientists point out that Latinos make up only about a third of registered voters and tend to turn out for elections at much lower rates than their white counterparts.)Youngblood says his views are in line with the conservative voters who have put him in office three times since 2006. Their ideas about immigration and government couldn t be more different than the electorate in Los Angeles, he added, even though Kern borders Los Angeles County. We are right-of-the-center on things,  he said.  I always say Kern is a county that ought to be in Arizona. Not far from Youngblood s home, Jose and his wife live in a run-down gray bungalow. There s a large portrait of the Virgin of Guadalupe in the living room and a dirt yard out front. On a recent evening, as the couple cleaned up after a long day in the fields, a locomotive screeched on nearby tracks.The couple came here from Mexico nine years ago to find work. Jose, who didn t want to give his full name because he said he fears retaliation from the sheriff, now earns $9 an hour picking almonds and oranges. He made $9 a day as a bus driver back home.Jose said that in 2013 he and his wife were attacked by armed robbers while they slept. The thieves stole everything of value and beat Jose for an hour, shattering his ribs.Organizers with the United Farm Workers encouraged Jose to apply for a U visa, saying he had a slam-dunk case. The crime was sufficiently severe, they said, and he had cooperated with the sheriff s deputies who responded to the 911 call.To apply for the visa, immigrants must present a declaration from the law enforcement agency that investigated the crime saying that they were or will be helpful.The Bakersfield Police Department, like most agencies in the nation, has a policy of signing all U visa declarations. Youngblood doesn t.Out of 160 requests between 2012 and 2014, he signed just four, according to Sheriff s Department records. I think he has something personal against Latinos,  said Jose, who prays that Youngblood  will find it in his heart to reconsider. We are at his mercy,  he said.Youngblood said he hasn t signed most declarations because he doesn t believe in the premise of the law. If you have a system that rewards you for being a victim, it s subject to abuse,  he said.The sheriff s stance has won him supporters, such as Ellen Fluhart, 70, a retired rancher who lives in the northeastern part of the county. She said Youngblood s decision not to sign U visa petitions  is his prerogative. Fluhart said Youngblood s views are refreshing in a state where politicians have passed bills that she says encourage unlawful immigration. They broke the law,  Fluhart said.  They shouldn t be rewarded. Tensions between law enforcement and immigrant laborers in this community go back decades, said Gonzalo Santos, a sociologist at Cal State Bakersfield. In the 1930s, sheriff s officials deputized farm owners so they could use their badges to shut down labor protests, Santos said. Some farmworkers were killed.Now the department is intervening in immigration matters, said Santos, who called Youngblood  a rogue sheriff. Youngblood argues that Brown and the Legislature were interfering when they passed the Trust Act. Conflicting state and federal mandates put sheriffs like him  in the crosshairs,  he said. It s unfair, because the law is so unclear,  Youngblood said.  Really what we re looking for is clear law, clear direction. Via: LA Times",0
15851,ONLY IN DETROIT: SQUATTING ON THE SQUATTER TAKES A TURN,You won t want to miss this ,0
15852,FAMILY OF S.C. SHOOTING VICTIM HAS A MESSAGE FOR AL SHARPTON And He’s Not Gonna Like It…,"Poor little Al if he s not race baiting, he s hanging out with our  President  at the White House just waiting for the next white on black  injustice.  Heck if we didn t know better, we d almost think he enjoys being in front of the camera holding up the grieving parents but that would be so so insincere Stay away, Rev. Al. We don t want another Ferguson type of circus here,  a source close to the Scott family told The Daily News.That was the message from the family of South Carolina police shooting victim Walter Scott to the civil rights activist Thursday two days before the funeral for the slain father of four.That was a reference to the Missouri town that was rocked by violent demonstrations last year after black teen Michael Brown was killed by a white cop.Sharpton gave a rousing speech at the 18-year-old s funeral, which was attended by thousands.Scott family attorney Chris Stewart said they appreciate Sharpton s support but  the funeral is only going to be close family members. Via: NY Daily News",0
15853,NOT NEWS: [Graphic Video] Michigan Woman Runs Over Rival With Car Following Street Brawl,"This is a story that will never make the news. A woman uses a car to intentionally hit another woman (this is the second time she s used her car as a weapon to hit another human being) but unfortunately, it s just another day of black on black crime, so it doesn t fit the media s narrative A wild fight between two 19-year-olds along a Michigan street Monday came to a dramatic end when one ran over her rival with a car.What began as a fight in the middle of the street with onlookers encouraging   and sometimes interfering   with the one-on-one showdown devolved into a hit-and-run, shocking video shows. Let them fight,  at least one bystander yells repeatedly.Police have issued a warrant for Jalin Smith-Walker, accused of being behind the wheel during the graphic assault, The Grand Rapids Press reported. It was a fight between two former friends. It ultimately ended with blows being thrown,  Grand Rapids Sgt. Terry Dixon told the Press.Smith-Walker has been charged with assault with intent to do great bodily harm less than murder.***Warning***This is a violent video with graphic language.Smith-Walker smiled broadly in her police mug shot after being arrested a few miles from the mall.After Monday s brawl in which the two tussled on the hood of one car, video shows a woman who police claim is Smith-Walker get into a car across the way and pull into the street.Via: NY Daily News",0
15854,"OBAMA’S RACISM CZAR, “REVEREND” AL SHARPTON CALLS FOR FEDERAL POLICE FORCE","Yeah putting the federal government in charge of our entire police force, sounds like a great idea Al. We re waiting for Al to call for an all black police force next you know, in the name of  fairness. Rev. Al Sharpton called for national policing legislation akin to the Civil Rights Act this morning at the kickoff his National Action Network s annual convention, just after the arrest of a white South Carolina police officer for murder in the shooting of an unarmed black man. There must be national policy and national law on policing,  Mr. Sharpton said.  We can t go from state to state, we ve got to have national law to protect people against these continued questions. Mr. Sharpton s comments, coming on the heels of multiple instances of police killings of unarmed men of color around the country, were met with applause from the crowd and from the dais, which was packed with elected officials including Mayor Bill de Blasio, Congressman Charles Rangel, Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, city Comptroller Scott Stringer and state Comptroller Thomas DiNapoliThe convention kickoff, which featured a ribbon cutting with the lawmakers, came just hours after it was announced last night that North Charleston, S.C., police officer Michael T. Slager would be charged with murder in the death of Walter Scott who can be seen in a widely publicized video running away from Mr. Slager, while the officer shoots into the man s back repeatedly. The video offers a markedly different story than the one Mr. Slager first offered up: that Scott had stolen his taser and left him in fear for his life.Mr. Sharpton praised the city s mayor and police chief for bringing the charges, but said the nation couldn t rely on the judgement of local officials. We commend them, but we cannot have a justice system that hopes we have a mayor in the right city or a police chief,  he said.  We have to have one policy that is national. Mr. Sharpton later noted that the comparatively small town s officials had been braver than police leaders in bigger cities. He has been vocal about his belief that New York City police Daniel Pantaleo should have been charged with a crime in the death of an unarmed black Staten Island man, Eric Garner. A grand jury declined to indict Mr. Pantaleo, spurring protests throughout the city.That death, too, was captured in a widely published video. And though the footage did not lead to any charges, Mr. Sharpton said today the national legislation should focus on  cameras  as well as  accountability. He compared the fight for police reform to the civil rights struggle, noting that activists did not try to fix discrimination in individual states or cities. They fought for a national Civil Rights Act, a national Voting Rights Act. It s time for this country to have national policing,  Mr. Sharpton said.After the ribbon cutting, Mr. de Blasio whose first year in office was dominated by an effort to reform police-community relations after Garner s death and a subsequent City Hall feud with police union leadership said he agreed some kind of national standard should be set. It s a broad point he s making, and I think he way he made the analogy to the Voting Rights Act is the right one. We ve got to figure out how to create the right relationship between police and community,  Mr. de Blasio told reporters.  The vast majority of police do their job well and want to work more closely with the community. Obviously community residents want to work more closely with the police. But we have to create more of a national standard that says we all have to be on the same page. The relationship between Mr. de Blasio and Mr. Sharpton was fodder for his woes with police unions last year: they took umbrage when Mr. Sharpton was seated next to the mayor and Police Commissioner Bill Bratton at a City Hall round table, and dismissed Mr. Sharpton as divisive. A poll later showed voters didn t like the approaches of either Mr. Sharpton or the union leaders and rank-and-file officers who later turned their backs on Mr. de Blasio at the funeral for two slain officers.Today, Mr. Sharpton offered a full-throated defense his relationship with the mayor, saying it was based not on political power but on a long history of working together, citing Mr. de Blasio s support on issues like wage increases and the silent march against stop, question and frisk before his election. He marched with us when other candidates wouldn t. So don t begrudge us for knowing somebody that we always knew, and that was there in the trenches with us,  Mr. Sharpton said, saying he had never asked for favors or back room deals only access and policy changes.  There s nothing in the back room we want. We want everything out front. Via: The Observer",0
15855,BREAKING: IRAN THROWS DOWN ULTIMATUM: …Your Move Barry," The nuclear industry is a necessity, for energy production, for desalination, and in the fields of medicine, agriculture and other sectors.  -Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali KhameneiSo many lies Is it finally time for the US to act before it s too late?Iran s president on Thursday said Tehran will not sign a final nuclear deal unless world powers lift economic sanctions imposed on the country immediately.The United States, United Kingdom, France, Russia, China and Germany   the so-called P5 +1 group   reached an understanding with Iran last week on limits to its nuclear program in return for lifting crippling economic sanctions, after extended talks in Lausanne, Switzerland.The U.S. has previously said the sanctions would be lifted in phases, but the details have not yet been negotiated.However, in a televised speech on Thursday, President Hassan Rouhani appeared to rule out a gradual removal of the successive round of sanctions that have hit hard its energy and financial sectors   and crippled its economy. We will not sign any deal unless all sanctions are lifted on the same day,  Rouhani said, according to Reuters.  We want a win-win deal for all parties involved in the nuclear talks. Rouhani was speaking at a ceremony to mark Iran s nuclear technology day. The Iranian nation has been and will be the victor in the negotiations,  he said.The deal negotiated in Switzerland says that sanctions will be suspended after international monitors verify that Iran is abiding by the limitations set out, and that the sanctions will resume if Iran fails to fulfill its obligations. It has never been our position that all of the sanctions against Iran should be removed from Day One,  White House spokesman Josh Earnest said Monday.Iran s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei on Thursday said there is no guarantee a full agreement will be reached by the end of June, the AFP news agency reported. What has been done so far does not guarantee an agreement, nor its contents, nor even that the negotiations will continue to the end,  he said, according to the agency. Everything is in the detail, it may be that the other side (the six world powers), which is unfair, wants to limit our country in the details,  he added.  Officials say that nothing has been done yet and there is nothing binding. I am neither for nor against. The nuclear industry is a necessity, for energy production, for desalination, and in the fields of medicine, agriculture and other sectors. Negotiators have until June 30 to fill in the critical details to assure Iran it will get relief from the sanctions as soon as possible, and guarantee the world powers that Iran won t develop a nuclear weapon.Rouhani on Thursday also called for an end to airstrikes by a Saudi-led coalition in Yemen, and said they were a  mistake. Not singling out any country in particular, he said,  You learned that it was wrong. You will learn, not later but soon, that you are making mistake in Yemen, too,  the Associated Press reported.(Wouldn t that be considered a threat?)Rouhani also called for a cease-fire in Yemen to enable talks to end the crisis, the AP said, adding to calls by the Red Cross and Russia for a cease-fire to allow aid into the war-torn nation.On Wednesday, the Pentagon said the U.S. military has begun air-refueling operations for the coalition conducting the airstrikes, as Shiite rebels known as Houthis continued their advance on the southern port city of Aden.The Pentagon also said the United States would expedite delivery of ammunition including bombs and guidance systems to the Saudis and other coalition members.Via: USA Today",0
15856,WHY DID HARRY REID LIE ABOUT THE “ACCIDENT” He Had That Left Him Blind In One Eye?,"Dirty Harry must ve jarred something in his head that makes him unaware that he s lying in public. He used to be pretty good at hiding it Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) is changing the story about how he sustained those gruesome New Year s Day injuries that have left him blind in one eye.Previously, Reid claimed that an exercise band he was using  broke. I was doing exercises that I ve been doing for many years with those large rubber bands and one of them broke and spun me around and I crashed into these cabinets and injured my eye,  (emphasis added) Reid said at a press conference on January 22.(You can see the video of that press conference here.)But now, in an interview conducted by Fusion (a joint venture between ABC and Univision), excerpts of which have been released today, Reid tells Univision anchor Jorge Ramos that the exercise band  slipped,  rather than  broke. [T]he [elastic band] strap had no handle on it, slipped, spun me around, uh, about, oh I guess four feet (Reid points with his right hand to the wall of the interview room) and so I smashed my face into a cabinet,  Reid tells Ramos.Reid s latest version of the incident, as told to Ramos, differs from previous versions advanced by his team in another very significant way. Sources familiar with the incident said Reid was exercising in his bathroom, with the exercise band attached to the shower door,  Politico reported on January 22. (emphasis added)As Breitbart News reported previously, that version of the story, almost certainly told to Politico by Reid s staffers with his approval, is not credible.Now, however, Reid tells Ramos a different story. The exercise band was not attached to the shower door in his bathroom, Reid says, but was instead attached to  a big metal hook that came out from the wall  in an unspecified room in his new Nevada home.Here s a partial transcript of the excerpt of the interview released by Fusion:Ramos: You said recently that the accident had nothing to do with your decision to retire.However, we are seeing the consequences of what happened.What really happened?Was it really with an elastic band?Reid: Yeah, I had a big, that thick (Reid gestures with his hands), that I had been using for about four years and I was, you know, trying to maintain my, uh, firmness, and, uh, that was my weight training. I was doing that in my new home here in Nevada and a big metal hook that came out from the wall that was hooked there that the strap had no handle on it, slipped, spun me around, uh, about, oh I guess four feet (Reid points with his right hand to the wall of the interview room) and so I smashed my face into a cabinet so hard that uh Ramos: It looked like somebody had hit you.Reid: I am so fortunate that, um, it wasn t over just a fraction of this way and hit me in the temple.Ramos: How s your eye?Reid: I am sightless in my right eye.Watch the full video of the excerpts of the Fusion interview here:Ramos then switched gears and asked Reid about  the most difficult moments of [his] 28 years in the Senate. Ramos failed to ask some key follow up questions about Reid s New Year s Day injury incident.For instance, Ramos failed to ask Reid if the accident took place in his bathroom, as Reid s office had previously claimed. According to Reid s latest version of the story, we do not know in which room of his house he now claims he sustained these injuries.Breitbart News has asked Senator Reid s office, which has carefully controlled the release of information about his New Year s Day injuries, to comment on his changed version of the story of his New Year s Day injuries, but has received no reply.Via: Breitbart News",0
15857,OBAMA AND UNION LEADERS SELL OUT AMERICAN WORKERS By Turning Illegal Alien Into Union Members,"This story just proves what we ve been saying all along. When it comes to unions, it s not about the members, it s about the union leadership and how they can increase their membership numbers (dues). Aiding union leadership in their quest to add members to flailing union membership numbers is just a way for Obama to keep the skids greased and ensure future contributions from one of the largest Democrat party donors (unions) in America. Congressional investigators say they ve uncovered another attempt by the Obama administration to aid illegal immigrants in the U.S.   this time, by teaching foreign workers lessons on union organizing.The National Labor Relations Board has entered into agreements with Mexico, Ecuador and the Philippines to teach workers from those countries in the United States their rights when it comes to union activity.The agreements reportedly don t distinguish between illegal and legal immigrants. But lawmakers are worried it s part of an effort to shield illegal immigrants specifically, by encouraging them to join a union and get protection.NLRB spokeswoman Jessica Kahanek explained to Fox News that under the National Labor Relations Act,  employees, whether documented or undocumented, are protected from retaliation due to union or other protected concerted activity. That means employers could be charged for dismissing an illegal immigrant worker   if the firing is determined to be tied to the worker s union activityHouse Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, a Republican from Virginia, argued illegal immigrant workers could soon learn to exploit the system, creating a catch-22 for businesses. They could instead be charged with violating the National Labor Relations Act because someone will claim that they re doing it because the individual is engaged in unionization activities,  Goodlatte said.He also claimed the Obama administration was trying to keep the NLRB union education agreements, which were originally signed in 2013 and 2014, quiet. This is the first we ve learned of this and it s the first that news organizations have learned of this   and they didn t learn it because the administration came out and told them,  Goodlatte told Fox News. They learned about it because of leaked materials, and again, that is not the kind of transparency the American people expect of their government. An NLRB official, though, disputed the notion that the agreement was a  new development or something that was intentionally being kept out of the news. Yet it isn t just the NLRB that could view union activity as a shield for illegal immigrants.In June 2011, then-Immigration and Customs Enforcement Director John Morton issued a memo saying:  ICE officers, special agents and attorneys are reminded to exercise all appropriate discretion on a case-by-case basis when making detention and enforcement decisions in the cases . . . [of] individuals engaging in a protected activity related to civil or other rights (for example, union organizing). While this may serve as a way to boost union membership at a time when their numbers are trending downward, one activist said it will likely hurt U.S. citizen union members in the end. It seems that the union is almost selling out the interests of American workers and legal immigrant workers in order to boost its membership by appealing to illegal workers and getting the assistance of other countries in doing that,  Jessica Vaughan, of the Center for Immigration Studies, told Fox News.Via: FOX News",0
15858,UPDATE: WHY UNIV OF MICHIGAN REPLACED SCHEDULED SHOWING OF “American Sniper” With PG Movie About A Teddy Bear,"HUGE NEWS: The head coach of the University of Michigan s football team just tweeted that the football team WILL watch  American Sniper.  Coach Harbaugh made his remarks in defiance of the university and the Muslim Student Association   who canceled an upcoming screening of the film. Coach Harbaugh said he is  proud to be an American and if that offends anybody   then so be it. To hell with a true story about one of the most important American military heroes of our time. Sadly, PC trumps all in liberal colleges and universities across the United States University:  While our intent was to show a film, the impact of the content was harmful, and made students feel unsafe and unwelcome at our program A scheduled movie screening of  American Sniper  at the University of Michigan was abruptly cancelled Tuesday after nearly 300 students and others complained the film perpetuates  negative and misleading stereotypes  against Muslims. The movie American Sniper not only tolerates but promotes anti-Muslim   rhetoric and sympathizes with a mass killer,  according to an online letter circulated among the campus community via Google Docs that garnered the signatures.The signers were mostly students, but also some staff, as well as the Muslim Students  Association and the president of Students Allied for Freedom and Equality, a Palestinian solidarity group at UMich.The online memo, titled a  collective letter from Middle Eastern and North African (MENA) and Muslim students on campus,  accused the public university of  tolerating dangerous anti-Muslim and anti-MENA propaganda  by showing the movie, the highest grossing film of 2014.It follows U.S. Navy SEAL Chris Kyle, who served four combat tours in Operation Iraqi Freedom and was awarded two Silver Stars, five Bronze Stars with Valor, two Navy and Marine Corp Achievement Medals, and one Navy and Marine Corps commendation, according to his official Facebook page. But the protestors see him differently. Chris Kyle was a racist who took a disturbing stance on murdering Iraqi civilians,  the collective letter stated.  Middle Eastern characters in the film are not lent an ounce of humanity and watching this movie is provocative and unsafe to MENA and Muslim students who are too often reminded of how little the media and world values their lives.   The University of Michigan should not participate in further perpetuating these negative and misleading stereotypes. The film was set to be shown Friday on campus, but the letter   which asked for its cancellation   was successful. While our intent was to show a film, the impact of the content was harmful, and made students feel unsafe and unwelcomed at our program,  stated The Center for Campus Involvement, which oversees student activities and is run by university employees, as it announced its decision Tuesday on its various social media accounts, including Twitter and Facebook. We deeply regret causing harm to members of our community, and appreciate the thoughtful feedback provided to us by students and staff alike. Image of collective letter; not all signatories shownUniversity spokesman Rick Fitzgerald confirmed to The College Fix on Tuesday the movie was cancelled. The Center for Campus Involvement   did hear concerns from students,  Fitzgerald said, noting he did not have further details at the time.The Center for Campus Involvement did not return multiple phone calls seeking comment, but its official Twitter account noted  Paddington Bear,  a PG-rated movie about a stuffed animal s misadventures, will be shown instead of  American Sniper. We have elected to pull the film from this week s program and screen another movie in its place that we believe better creates the fun, engaging atmosphere we seek, without excluding valued members of our community,  the center stated.But not all students agree with this decision. It would be nice to see the university   take a stand against outrageous claims of  student exclusion,  University of Michigan sophomore Jason Weaver told The College Fix.  The film American Sniper in no way creates student exclusion any more than Saving Private Ryan. Both show American soldiers at war, the atrocities of war, and the costs of war, yet I m sure Saving Private Ryan would not illicit the same response. Just because the enemy in American Sniper shares ethnicity with students on campus does not mean they are conflated as the enemy any more than a German student should be conflated with Nazism. American Sniper  was set to be shown as part of the center s  UMix Late Night  program, which brings movies, games, dances and other social events to the student body. The center is responsible for more than 300 co-curricular programs each year, including cultural and educational programs, films, art exhibits, UMix Late Night, athletic/spirit activities and various performance groups and concerts, its website states. We in the Center for Campus Involvement and the UMix Late Night program did not intend to exclude any students or communities on campus through showing this film,  the center s announcement stated.  UMix should always be a safe space for students to engage, unwind, and create community with others, and we commit to listening to and learning from our community in the interest of fostering that environment.   We will take time to deeper understand and screen for content that can negatively stereotype a group.   Via: College Fix",0
15859,BREAKING: COURAGEOUS FEDERAL JUDGE DENIES OBAMA’S REQUEST TO LIFT STAY ON EXECUTIVE AMNESTY,"If I were U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen, I d be keeping these guys close by:The injunction that has blocked President Barack Obama s executive amnesty will remain in place following the ruling of a federal judge Tuesday night in this Texas border city.In a late night ruling, U.S. District Judge Andrew Hanen sided with the State of Texas and 25 other states that are suing to stop the executive action that would grant legal status to at least 5 million illegal immigrants.The states have sued the federal government claiming that Obama s amnesty would cause irreparable harm and financial loss to their state if the executive action continues. Earlier this year Hanen granted an injunction requested by the 26 states seeking to halt the implementation of Obama s amnesty. They states claimed the damage would have already been caused and even if they won the lawsuit there would be little they could to at that point.Hanen s new ruling comes after the U.S. Government tried to fight the judge s ruling by asking for a stay of the injunction and also after information pointed to a possible violation by the federal government by granting a three year extension to the program known as DACA which granted status to hundreds of thousands of undocumented aliens in school.Read Hanen s decision below.Hanen RulingVia: Breitbart News",0
15860,U.S. TAXPAYERS TO FOOT BILL FOR OUTRAGEOUS OBAMA SCHEME TO Import And Provide Housing For Relatives Of Illegal Aliens/Democrat Voters,"Thanks to Obama, all working Americans are beginning to see what it feels like to be a conservative who s been forced to pay union dues used to fund the Democrat party.  The American taxpayer can take comfort in knowing that more of their hard earned paycheck will now be used to cover travel expenses, housing, food, free education and free health care for the families of potentially millions of illegal aliens entering our country. It was selfish to think I needed the entire 60% of my take home pay. I ll just put my children s college fund on hold. They likely won t get a spot at the college they were hoping to attend anyhow, as they won t meet any of the special status requirements put forth by our government that are needed to hop to the front of the line in the admissions process.  To facilitate the often treacherous process of entering the United States illegally through the southern border, the Obama administration is offering free transportation from three Central American countries and a special refugee/parole program with  resettlement assistance  and permanent residency.Under the new initiative the administration has rebranded the official name it originally assigned to the droves of illegal immigrant minors who continue sneaking into the U.S. They re no longer known as Unaccompanied Alien Children (UAC), a term that evidently was offensive and not politically correct enough for the powerful open borders movement. The new arrivals will be officially known as Central American Minors (CAM) and they will be eligible for a special refugee/parole that offers a free one-way flight to the U.S. from El Salvador, Guatemala or Honduras. The project is a joint venture between the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the State Department.Specifically, the  program provides certain children in El Salvador, Guatemala and Honduras with a safe, legal, and orderly alternative to the dangerous journey that some children are undertaking to the United States,  according to a DHS memo obtained by JW this week. The document goes on to say that the CAM program has started accepting applications from  qualifying parents  to bring their offspring under the age of 21 from El Salvador, Guatemala or Honduras. The candidates will then be granted a special refugee parole, which includes many taxpayer-funded perks and benefits. Among them is a free education, food stamps, medical care and living expenses.During a special teleconference this week officials from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) and the State Department explained how CAM will work. Only  friendly  groups and individuals invited by the government were allowed to participate and the event was not open to the media. Judicial Watch attended as a Non-Governmental Organization (NGO) with interest in the matter. Obama administration officials offered an overview of the new CAM initiative and confirmed that the U.S. has deployed staff to the region to handle the influx of applicants. A State Department official promoted CAM as a  family reunification  program that will be completely funded by American taxpayers, though the official claimed to have no idea what the cost will be.A U.S.-based parent will initiate the application to bring his or her child in from any of the three Central American countries. To qualify they must be a permanent resident, a parolee or a beneficiary of Obama s recent amnesty or deferred action. Many have probably lived illegally in the U.S. for years. The only out-of-pocket cost is for a DNA test to assure the child belongs to the applicant but Uncle Sam will reimburse the money if the result is positive. A U.S. official will interview the child, then a medical exam and  cultural orientation  will be conducted before the minor flies to the U.S. Once in the U.S. the illegal alien will get  resettlement assistance,  the State Department official confirmed during the teleconference.If the applicant doesn t qualify for the more desirable refugee status he or she can be considered for parole, a USCIS official explained in the teleconference, which was attended mostly by immigrant rights groups known for advocating on behalf of illegal aliens. Refugee status is a form of protection offered to those who are deemed of special humanitarian concern to the United States. Parole allows individuals who may be otherwise inadmissible to come to the U.S. on a case-by-case basis for urgent humanitarian reasons or significant public benefit. The State Department official assured that applicants need not express or document a credible fear to qualify under CAM because  we want to make sure this program is open to as many people as possible. Via: Judicial Watch",0
15861,BREAKING: TWO RUSSIAN NAVY SPY SHIPS OPERATING OFF U.S. COAST…White House Computers Are Hacked By Russians," Attacks against us are increasing in frequency, scale, sophistication and severity of impact. Although we must be prepared for a catastrophic large scale strike, a so-called cyber armageddon, the reality is that we ve been living with an expanding and constant barrage of cyber attacks for some time.    James Clapper, Director of National IntelligenceRussia reportedly hacked into a sensitive part of the White House computer system recently. They were able to view Obama s schedule.And two Russian spy ships are now operating off the US coast.The Russian RFS VIKTOR LEONOV CCB175 was spotted near Havana in 2014.The Pentagon says there are now two Russian naval ships operating off of US shores. A second ship has recently come up from Venezuela.https://youtu.be/iIc2p3B0br0And two Russian spy ships are now operating off the US coast. One ship recently left Venezuela to CNN reported:Russian hackers behind the damaging cyber intrusion of the State Department in recent months used that perch to penetrate sensitive parts of the White House computer system, according to U.S. officials briefed on the investigation.While the White House has said the breach only ever affected an unclassified system, that description belies the seriousness of the intrusion. The hackers had access to sensitive information such as real-time non-public details of the president s schedule. While such information is not classified, it is still highly sensitive and prized by foreign intelligence agencies, U.S. officials say.The White House in October said it noticed suspicious activity in the unclassified network that serves the executive office of the president. The system has been shut down periodically to allow for security upgrades.Via: Gateway Pundit",0
15862,OBAMA’S OPEN BORDER POLICY COMES WITH SERIOUS NATIONAL SECURITY CONSEQUENCES: Iraqi Military Trainer Caught Crossing US-Mexico Border,"This is just one we caught crossing the border. What about the thousands we haven t caught or that we haven t heard about? Nothing to see here Breitbart Texas exclusively obtained leaked information on the Iraqi man who was apprehended while illegally crossing the U.S.-Mexico border into Texas on February 12, 2015.The Border Patrol agent responsible for interviewing the subject initially expressed concerns that the Iraqi was sent by Russia, largely due to the Iraqi man s history as a military trainer, his speaking several languages, including Russian, and his having lived in Crimea, according to one of the leaked documents. Breitbart Texas was provided with two documents by a federal agent who works under the umbrella of Customs and Border Protection (CBP). The agent insisted on remaining anonymous.The Iraqi man is named Ahmed Adnan Taha, Al Khafaji. His date of birth is 6-25-84. He has one sister in the U.S., one in Turkey, three brothers in Turkey, one in Ukraine, one in New York State, and three brothers in Iraq, according to the leaked documents.The Iraqi told U.S. authorities that he spoke fluent Russian and lived in Crimea prior to the Russian invasion. He further stated that a Ukrainian paid $4,000 for him to get to the U.S., however, the Iraqi refused to identify the Ukrainian to U.S. authorities.The public statement given by Border Patrol at the time of the Iraqi s apprehension stated,  On Thursday, February 12, 2015, RGV Border Patrol Agents encountered an adult Middle Eastern male south of Pharr, Texas. The subject was taken into custody and transported to the Border Patrol station for further processing. The subject was setup for Expedited Removal back to his country of origin and transferred to the custody of ICE/ERO. Breitbart Texas recently asked the Border Patrol agency about the specifics in this report and their spokesman for the Rio Grande Valley Sector (RGV) responded,  All record checks were conducted, our federal partners did interview the subject with no derogatory information being found. It is significant to note that Border Patrol processing an individual does not mean that Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) actually deported the individual.Breitbart Texas provides images of both leaked documents below. The second document contains copy-and-pasted information from the official report, according to the federal agent who provided the information. The typos in the report were contained in the original and therefore included. Breitbart Texas redacted the TECS ID number.Via: Breitbart News",0
15863,[VIDEO] HUNDREDS OF MORMON FUNDAMENTALISTS SURROUND Mother Who Escaped Cult Community To Prevent Her From Extracting Her Children,"Evil hiding under the banner of  religion  in our own backyard A 32-year-old woman was harassed and intimidated last week when she tried to pick up her four children from the fundamentalist Mormon sect she bravely left to escape an abusive husband.Sabrina Broadbent Tetzner, 32, fled the sect headed by convicted rapist Warren Jeffs eight years ago and finally gained full custody of her children (ages 8 to 13) last week.But when she tried to pick up her children from the Colorado City, Utah community where they have been living, she was physically stopped by hundreds of cult members hell bent on keeping the kids. Lots of members from the community started showing up. They surrounded her vehicle, the home, fences and the yard. They were kicking the van. They even tried to put a cow and chickens into her vehicle,  ex-cult member Flora Jessop, who helped Tetzner through her legal battle, told KSL.Cell phone footage shows swarms of polygamists surrounding Tetzner s van, the women dressed in conservative floor-length dresses in varying pastel colors. A Mohave County judge ordered the sect to turn over the children at 5pm Thursday, but Tetzner says that when she got to the compound at the arranged time her kids were nowhere to be seen. FOX 10 News | fox10phoenix.comIt was only at midnight that they returned, and were quickly shepherded into their aunt Samantha Holm s house where several dozen fundamentalists kept them from seeing her mother.Tetzner spent the night in her van, fearing the vehicle would be torn apart if she left it unattended. When even about 600 cult members surrounded her vehicle in the morning, and kept her from reaching the home where her children were staying, Tetzner called police to intervene on her children s behalf. Sheriff s deputies had to take out a search warrant to pry the children from the house and into their mother s waiting arms.Allegedly, the children were not so happy to leave, since cult members had scared them into believing their mother was taking them to hell. Deputies escorted Tetzner and her children all the way back to their home in northern Utah, and reportedly FLDS members tailed them the whole way there.Since leaving the sect, she has remarried a man named Chase Tetzner and the two appear to have a toddler son together. A photo posted to her Facebook in August 2012, shows her in a half-white, half-camouflage wedding dress.Defenders of Children, a non-profit group that has been aiding Tetzner through her custody battle, said they fear for her safety and are raising money to pay for a security system and new clothes for the woman s children. Tetzner left the FLDS church eight years ago, about a year after the cult s leader Warren Jeffs was arrested for organizing marriages between men in his cult and underage girls. He is currently serving a life sentence in prison, but continues to head the church from behind bars.Custodial interference charges are pending against Samantha Holm, the aunt who initially wouldn t hand over Tetzner s children.Via: UK Daily Mail",0
15864,WATCH WHAT HAPPENS WHEN CHRISTIAN MAN ASKS 13 GAY BAKERIES TO MAKE PRO-TRADITIONAL MARRIAGE CAKE [Video]," I was wondering if I could get a cake that says:  Gay marriage is wrong.  The tolerant answers that follow this question show the astounding hypocrisy of the left.Say that  Bestiality Is Wrong  or  Polygamy Is Wrong  and it s not considered hate speech, but if you have the opinion that  Gay Marriage Is Wrong  the whole world jumps up and down screaming  racism   bigotry  and  hatred .This is becoming the politically-correct norm, but no matter what one argues, this is suppressing free speech.No one targeted pro-gay bakeries, but gay activists target Christian bakeries.  Support Gay Marriage  is one Christian bakery was sued for refusing to put that slogan on a cake for an event to support the gay agenda. Yet Christian bakeries that refuse to make pro-homosexual marriage cakes are getting sued left, right, and center. They get fined, they get death threats, and they lose their businesses. This experiment proves beyond doubt that the gay agenda is not just about their freedom to practice a sexual orientation, but the suppression of free speech.To make our case we provided 3 video clips, the third one is a video showing homosexual activists in Ireland used the state to force a Christian bakery to make a cake with the slogan  Support Gay Marriage  for a pro-gay marriage event, but he refused which added a tremendous loss to his business. Several Christian bakeries were sued in the United States with several who lost their businesses and we said enough is enough.So Shoebat.com decided to call some 13 prominent pro-gay bakers in a row. Each one denied us the right to have  Gay Marriage Is Wrong  on a cake and even used deviant insults and obscenities against us. One baker even said all sorts of profanities against Christians and ended the conversation by saying that she will make me a cookie with a large phallus on it.It was all recorded. It will stun the American people as to how militant and intolerant the homosexual bakers were. Even after we completed our experiment we got a ton of hate messages saying that we were  hateful  for simply giving them a taste of their own medicine. They argued that the slogan  Gay Marriage Is Wrong  is not the same thing as  Support Gay Marriage  as if an opposite view of a view is hateful. This would mean that the majority of Americans who oppose gay marriage are  bigoted  and  hate filled .  Support Polygamy  or  Polygamy is Wrong  are views, yet the first which the Muslim supports and the second most Americans would never support, but both are opinions and are considered free speech.Watch what happens when a customer wants to buy a cake for his pro-traditional marriage event:****WARNING****STRONG LANGUAGE ALERT*** Language used by baker to customer on phone is extremely vulgar:https://youtu.be/AJaroR_qTNshttps://youtu.be/ptgAKywiHG0The homosexual activist in this third video said you can t choose who you serve, as though he is taking a purely objective position, but when we ask for the reverse of the same message, all of a sudden the saying of  you can t choose who you serve,  does not apply to us, the Christians.OUR POINTHere is our point. A Christian making a homosexual cake with  Support Gay Marriage  goes against his faith and a homosexual putting  Gay Marriage Is Wrong  goes against his faith as well. Now of course we honor their right to say no, this is not the issue, but what about honoring the Christian right to also say no?CONCLUSIONThe big lie of the homosexual agenda is this: They claim that they are only fighting for equality and tolerance.This is false.What then is their agenda?Via: Christian Patriot ",0
15865,SHOCKING: Why Our Fed Government Will Grant “Disabled” Status With Benefits To Spanish Speaking Residents Of Puerto Rico,"If we didn t know better, we d almost believe our Federal Government was attempting to give special privileges to Spanish speaking citizens. Perhaps they re establishing a precedent for taxpayer funded benefits for millions of illegal immigrants who will soon be American citizens The Social Security Administration (SSA) approved disability benefits for hundreds of Puerto Ricans because they do not speak English, despite the fact that Puerto Rico is a predominantly Spanish-speaking territory.According to a new audit by the Office of Inspector General (OIG), the agency is misapplying rules that are intended to provide financial assistance to individuals who are illiterate or cannot speak English in the United States. Under the rules, Puerto Ricans are allowed to receive disability benefits for their inability to speak English as well. We found the Agency did not make exceptions regarding the English-language grid rules for claimants who reside in Puerto Rico, even though Spanish is the predominant language spoken in the local economy,  the OIG said.The audit said a person applying for disability in Puerto Rico who cannot speak English  may increase his/her likelihood of receiving disability benefits. The agency does not currently have a system in place to keep track of the number of beneficiaries who receive disability insurance for not being able to speak English.However, the OIG was able to identify 218 cases between 2011 and 2013 where Puerto Ricans were awarded disability due to  an inability to communicate in English.  Furthermore, 4 percent of disability hearings in Puerto Rico involved looking at the individual s ability to speak, read, write, and understand English.Though 95 percent of Puerto Ricans speak Spanish at home, according to the rules a Spanish-speaking nurse in Puerto Rico would be considered  unskilled,  the OIG said.The SSA told the OIG that the rules are applied one-size-fits-all. SSA managers at various disability decision levels stated Social Security is a national program, and the grids must be applied to the national economy, regardless of local conditions,  the audit said.The SSA takes into account an individual s education level when considering awarding disability benefits if they do not qualify for medical reasons. Part of the education requirement involves looking at a person s ability to speak English, to determine whether it limits his ability to find a job.Last year Sen. Jeff Sessions (R., Ala.) raised concerns that the Obama administration was broadly applying the education rule under the Social Security Act to allow individuals to receive disability payments solely because they cannot speak English.He noted that the Social Security Disability Insurance (SSDI) rolls swelled 230 percent between 2000 and 2010, while the U.S. population only grew 9.7 percent.Former SSA judges have also testified that individuals have been approved for disability in the United States without having to prove they cannot speak English.The hundreds of Puerto Ricans noted in the OIG s report have received disability insurance despite a 1987 U.S. District Court ruling that appears to contradict the SSA s policy. Benefits were denied on the grounds that  it is the ability to communicate in Spanish, not English, that is vocationally important in Puerto Rico. It should be noted, however, that the court explicitly declined to apply this rationale outside of this one case,  the OIG said.The SSA agreed with the OIG s recommendations to figure out how many individuals have been  awarded disability based on their inability to communicate in English,  and to  evaluate the appropriateness  of applying the English-speaking rules to Puerto Rico.The SSA is currently gathering information for a proposed regulation that  could lead to changes  to the English-speaking rule, the agency said.Via: Free Beacon",0
15866,A MUST READ: OBAMA’S TREASON GOES INTO OVERDRIVE,"Our culture is what makes this Nation great and very exceptional. Unfortunately, we ve elected a president who s changing our nation at warp speed with  refugees  (their words) deposited into towns everywhere: Working and middle class whites are becoming a slave class that toils to provide benefits to the Third Worlders imported to empower the ruling class of elitist liberals. THE CULTURE WAR WE RE INAmericans believe that they are exceptional because their country is exceptional. So the left eagerly swarms to argue that America is not exceptional, except maybe that it s exceptionally bad.Americans believe that individuals succeed with hard work. Obama and Elizabeth Warren bray that  You didn t build that. Americans believe in religion and family. The left sets out to destroy them by proving that these institutions are evil and oppressive. Religious leaders are pedophiles. The family is setting for abuse that makes gay people feel bad. When the dust settlers, the only  good  religion and family are the kind defined by the left. Having destroyed the existing system of organization, the left replaces it with its own. That is the ultimate goal of a culture war. Not mere destruction, but absolute power.The culture war begins by attacking abstract ideas. Then it attacks organizations. Then it attacks people.By attacking the ideas, it undermines the organizations based on them so that it can seize control of them or destroy them. Once that s done, it controls a sector of society and begins enforcing its conformity agenda on individuals. Much of that is underway. The war is drilling down to the individual level. We are approaching the tyranny threshold.At the individual level, the goal of the culture war is to destroy your will to resist them. The left has many tools for doing this.Please read the entire piece by Daniel Greenfield: This Culture War We re InOBAMA ESCALATES CULTURAL GENOCIDEIt isn t enough to invite illegal aliens to invade the USA in their numberless hordes and then quickly distribute them along with their exotic diseases throughout the country. Obama is now using your money to fly them directly from Central America, so as to save them the bother of traveling through Mexico:To facilitate the often treacherous process of entering the United States illegally through the southern border, the Obama administration is offering free transportation from three Central American countries and a special refugee/parole program with  resettlement assistance  and permanent residency.  The new arrivals will be officially known as Central American Minors (CAM) and they will be eligible for a special refugee/parole that offers a free one-way flight to the U.S. from El Salvador, Guatemala or Honduras. The project is a joint venture between the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the State Department.Readers will recall that DHS was originally set up to defend the homeland. Under the Orwellian Obama Regime, it is in charge of orchestrating an invasion of the homeland.After Pearl Harbor, some feared a Japanese invasion. It would have been preferable to what is happening to us now. If the Imperial Japanese had successfully invaded, they would have ruled for a time, but eventually would have been kicked out. The current invaders aren t going anywhere, and they reproduce much faster than Americans.Plus the Japanese never expected us to pay them to invade us:The candidates will then be granted a special refugee parole, which includes many taxpayer-funded perks and benefits. Among them is a free education, food stamps, medical care and living expenses.  A State Department official promoted CAM as a  family reunification  program that will be completely funded by American taxpayers, though the official claimed to have no idea what the cost will be.Who can put a price on the future?The fig leaf of  refugees  being allowed into the country ahead of immigrants likely to make a positive contribution because their lives are supposedly in danger has been dropped.The State Department official assured that applicants need not express or document a credible fear to qualify under CAM because  we want to make sure this program is open to as many people as possible. Consider this as part of the bigger picture of what is being done to America, and it goes beyond treason. It is cultural genocide.Our rulers know exactly what they are doing. From the official federal propaganda outfit Voice of America:America s demographics are changing like never before. In less than 30 years, whites will no longer be the racial majority in the United States.On the large scale, race and culture are inseparable. Americans are effectively becoming a minority within our own country. Our own democracy will be used against us to relegate us to a permanent second class status (as South Africa demonstrates, whites being a minority hardly spares them from Affirmative Action).Working and middle class whites are becoming a slave class that toils to provide benefits to the Third Worlders imported to empower the ruling class of elitist liberals. Eventually intermarriage will breed the last of our kind out of existence, as VOA happily implies:In 1960, multiracial marriages accounted for only 0.4 percent of all marriages in the United States. By 2010, that figure rose to 8.4 percent, with interracial couples accounting for 15 percent of all new marriages   a trend that experts say will only continue.The VOA piece was given the Orwellian title,  Experts: Coming Demographic Shift Will Strengthen US Culture.  What they mean by this is that the deliberately engineered demographic shift will erase US culture, so that it can be replaced by a multicultural utopia preconceived by cultural Marxists.It used to be genocide meant herding unwanted demographic sectors into gas chambers. But that was crude and inefficient. Simply diluting us out of existence can be done without mess   and incredibly, without resistance.Via: moonbattery",0
15867,BROTHER OF FAMOUS ACTRESS PRETENDS TO BE BLACK TO GET INTO MED SCHOOL,"This is a perfect example of why affirmative action should be gone! He now says he believes affirmative action is racist ya think?!Mindy Kaling s brother: I got into medical school by pretending to be black. Vijay Chokal-Ingam, brother of Fox star Vera Mindy Chokalingam (known professionally as Mindy Kaling), says he pretended to be African American in 1998-99 in order to gain admission to medical school:In my junior year of college, I realized that I didn t have the grades or test scores to get into medical school, at least not as an Indian-American.Still, I was determined to become a doctor and I knew that admission standards for certain minorities under affirmative action were, let s say  less stringent?So, I shaved my head, trimmed my long Indian eyelashes, and applied to medical school as a black man. My change in appearance was so startling that my own fraternity brother didn t recognize me at first. I even joined the Organization of Black Students and started using my embarrassing middle name that I had hidden from all of my friends since I was a 9 years old.Vijay the Indian-American frat boy become Jojo the African American Affirmative Action applicant to medical school.Here s his American Medical College Application Service application: AMCASAnd here s his Twitter profile pic:Which one got into medical school?According to his website, he pulled it off: Despite a mediocre grade point average and MCAT score, the St. Louis University School of Medicine admitted him.At this point,  Jojo  could have declined admission and revealed his ruse, helping to call attention to the adverse effects of racial preferences on Asians and the potentially deadly effects of racial preferences in medicine. Instead, he matriculated, presumably taking a slot from a bona fide black student who had even less impressive academic credentials than him.Chokal-Ingam dropped out after several years.Read more: biz pac",0
15868,WHY IS THE PRESENCE OF RUSSIAN AIRCRAFT FIGHTER JETS NEAR U.S. SHORES INCREASING?,"Is our Community Organizer In Chief being tested by Putin?The air is frigid and the wind is howling as Air Force Col. Frank Flores lifts a pair of foot-long binoculars and studies a hazy dot about 50 miles west across the Bering Strait. That s the mainland there,  he shouts above the gusts.It s Siberia, part of Russia, on the Asian mainland.Named for an old mining camp, Tin City is a tiny Air Force installation atop an ice-shrouded coastal mountain 50 miles below the Arctic Circle, far from any road or even trees. The Pentagon took over the remote site decades ago and built a long-range radar station to help detect a surprise attack from the Soviet Union.At least from this frozen perch, America s closest point to Vladimir Putin s Russia, the Cold War is turning warm again.U.S. F-22 fighter jets scrambled about 10 times last year   twice as often as in 2013   to monitor and photograph Russian Tu-95  Bear  bombers and MiG-31 fighter jets that flew over the Bering Sea without communicating with U.S. air controllers or turning on radio transponders, which emit identifying signals.The Russian flights are in international airspace, and it s unclear whether they are testing U.S. defenses, patrolling the area or simply projecting a newly assertive Moscow s global power. They re obviously messaging us,  said Flores, a former Olympic swimmer who is in charge of Tin City and 14 other radar stations scattered along the vast Alaskan coast.  We still don t know their intent. U.S. officials view the bombers   which have been detected as far south as 50 miles off California s northern coast   as deliberately provocative. They are a sign of the deteriorating ties between Moscow and the West since Russia s annexation of Ukraine s Crimea region in March of last year and its military intervention to support separatists in eastern Ukraine.Similar Russian flights in Europe have irked leaders in Britain, Ireland, Sweden, Norway and elsewhere. In January, British authorities were forced to reroute commercial aircraft after Russian bombers flew over the English Channel with their transponders off.In all, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization says its jets scrambled to monitor Russian warplanes around Europe more than 100 times last year, about three times as many as in 2013. Russian air patrols outside its borders were at their highest level since the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, NATO said.Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu said in a statement in November, as tensions heightened over Ukraine, that Russia s strategic bombers would resume patrols in both the Atlantic and the Pacific. In the current situation we have to maintain military presence in the western Atlantic and eastern Pacific, as well as the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico,  he said.Although the Arctic draws less attention, Russia is flexing muscles there after years of decline. President Vladimir Putin s government has announced plans to reopen 10 former Soviet-era military bases, including 14 airfields, that were shuttered along the Arctic seaboard after the Cold War.A shipyard in Severodvinsk, the largest city on the Russian Arctic Coast, has begun building four nuclear-powered submarines for the first time in decades, according to Russian news reports. The Pentagon says the reports are accurate.The Pentagon has responded by spending $126 million last year to upgrade Tin City and other coastal radar stations in Alaska. It also has added military exercises with northern allies   including flying U.S. strategic bombers over the Arctic for the first time since 2011.Last week, four B-52s flew from bases in Nebraska and Louisiana on simultaneous, round-trip sorties to the Arctic and North Sea regions, the Air Force announced. Along the way, the bomber crews engaged in  air intercept maneuvers  with fighter jets from Canada, England and the Netherlands.The Air Force has said it may base the first squadrons of next-generation F-35 fighter jets at Eielson Air Force Base in Alaska starting next year.The buildup comes as melting ice caps are opening valuable new sea lanes, sparking a scramble for oil and other untapped natural resources by the eight nations with territorial or maritime claims in the far north. We re experiencing a reawakening of the strategic importance of the Arctic,  said Navy Adm. William E. Gortney, commander of the Pentagon s Northern Command and of the North American Aerospace Defense Command. Is this a second Cold War? It doesn t matter what we think,  Gortney said.  Maybe they think the Cold War never ended. Via: LA Times",0
15869,TROLL CONGRESSWOMAN WANTS YOU TO SELL YOUR GUNS TO THE GOVERNMENT,"It s not for her to decide! We have the Second Amendment and that s enough for any American. DeLauro doesn t get to decide for us what s a gun that s ok to own. It might be a good idea to pick up the phone and voice your objection to this bill.Gun owners would receive tax breaks for voluntarily turning in high-powered assault rifles under new legislation proposed Monday.The Support Assault Firearm Elimination and Education of our (SAFER) Streets Act expected to be reintroduced next week by Rep. Rosa DeLauro (D-Conn.) would provide gun owners with an incentive to turn in their firearms to local police departments. Assault weapons are not about hunting, or even self-defense,  DeLauro said.  There is no reason on earth, other than to kill as many people as possible in as short a time as possible, that anyone needs a gun designed for a battlefield. Though DeLauro is in favor of stronger guns laws that would completely ban assault weapons and high-capacity ammunition, she emphasized this bill would not force gun owners to turn in their firearms. The legislation would provide up to $2,000 in tax credits for gun owners who voluntarily hand over assault weapons to their local police departments.The assault weapons legislation comes in response to the horrific mass shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., DeLauro s home state, in December 2012.Via: The Hill",0
15870,(VIDEO) UN CLIMATE CHANGE FREAKS: “We should make every effort to decrease the world population”,"What an evil bunch of freaks! The agenda is so important to them that they can t see the forest for the trees. Overpopulation is a problem in itself but connecting it to the scam that is global warming is just crazy. These people have such a twisted view of everything that it s really scary. I m 100% FED Up! with the UN climate freaks and their agenda.Climate One founder Greg Dalton and the Executive Secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCC) Christiana Figueres, held a discussion in 2013 on the role of women in fighting Global Warming.During the interview Secretary Figueres stated, We should  make every effort,  to reduce the world s population in an effort to fight Climate Change:DALTON: A related issue is fertility rates in population. A lot of people in energy and environmental circles don t wanna go near that because it s politically charged. It s not their issue. But isn t it true that stopping the rise of the population would be one of the biggest levers and driving the rise of green house gases?FIGUERES: I mean we all know that we expect nine billion, right, by 2050. So, yes, obviously less people would exert less pressure on the natural resources.DALTON: So is nine billion a forgone conclusion? That s like baked in, done, no way to change that?HERE S THE VIDEO-IF YOU WANT TO SKIP THE BS THEN JUST GO TO THE 4:20 MARK: A LITTLE MORE ON CHRISTIANA FIGUERES-THE 70 S CALLED AND THEY WANT THEIR RADICAL HIPPIE BACK! AT THE 2:40 MARK SHE SAYS WE NEED A  TRANSFORMATION  (SOUND FAMILIAR) AND A  REVOLUTION  TO CHANGE OUR WAY OF LIFE: FIGUERES: Well there again, there is pressure in the system to go toward that; we can definitely change those, right? We can definitely change those numbers and really should make every effort to change those numbers because we are already, today, already exceeding the planet s planetary carrying capacity, today. To say nothing of adding more population that is really going to overextend our capacity. So yes we should do everything possible. But we cannot fall into the very simplistic opinion of saying just by curtailing population then we ve solved the problem. It is not either/or, it is an and/also.Via: Progressives Today",0
15871,SHERIFF WON’T ENFORCE GUN CONTROL LAW HE CALLS ‘BORDERLINE TREASONOUS’,"The gun grabbers are at it again pushing for more oversight and background checks for gun owners. The sheriff says it s  borderline treasonous  and will be a  nightmare  for law enforcement. He s refusing to enforce these efforts at gun control and we salute him for his stance! Bravo!While Oregon Democrats stood with Gabby Giffords and the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence to push expanded background checks on April 1, Grant County Sheriff Glenn Palmer stood for the law-abiding citizens whom the checks will target by describing the gun control push as  borderline treasonous. Palmer also made clear that if the Democrats pass the measure there is zero chance of his office enforcing it.The push for expanded background checks in Oregon is being spearheaded by state senator Floyd Prozanski (D-Eugene). His efforts are strongly supported by the Brady Campaign and Giffords.Giffords, in particular, believes every potential gun purchaser should have to pass the same background check her attacker passed to acquire his firearm, which the same background check Jerad and Amanda Miller (Las Vegas), Aaron Ybarra (Seattle Pacific University), Elliot Rodger (Santa Barbara), Ivan Lopez (Fort Hood 2014), Darion Marcus Aguilar (Maryland mall), Karl Halverson Pierson (Arapahoe High School), James Holmes (Aurora theater), Nidal Hasan (Fort Hood 2009), and many, many others passed to get the guns they used in their crimes.The irony is not lost on Sheriff Palmer, who sees the push for expanded background checks as just another way to infringe on the Second Amendment rights of law-abiding citizens without impacting crime or criminals. For these reasons, Oregon Live said Palmer described the push as  borderline treasonous. Moreover, Palmer said the background checks pose a nightmare scenario for law enforcement officers who will be straddled with the responsibility of determining when a background should have been done but was not, as well as when a background check is not necessary to begin with.Palmer said he has  no intention  of enforcing Prozanski s bill if it becomes law.Via: Breitbart News",0
15872,ILLEGAL INVASION CONTINUES: NYC RAMPING UP TO GIVE 1 MILLION ILLEGALS VOTING RIGHTS,"Insane! This really is the definition of insanity. Letting  non-citizens  vote in our elections is something no other country would even consider ever! When you elect a socialist radical as mayor then I guess that s what you get New York City lawmakers and Mayor Bill de Blasio are reportedly discussing legislation that would give voting rights to non-citizens in local elections. The Guardian noted that under the legislation that is being discussed,  legally documented residents who have lived in New York City for at least six months will be able to vote in municipal elections.  Lawmakers are reportedly  discussing the legislation with Mayor Bill de Blasio s office  and  a bill might be introduced as soon as this spring.  Two years ago, city councilman Daniel Dromm  won the support of 35 of the city council s 51 members, forming a veto-proof majority  when he tried to advance the non-citizen voting bill,  but he faced the obstruction of then council speaker Christine Quinn and the unbreakable opposition of the Bloomberg administration.  De Blasio has said he is  willing to continue the conversation  on non-citizen voting. Non-citizens  make up as much as half the population  in areas that Dromm represents and studies have found that more than a million would be eligible to vote citywide if such de Blasio were to sign such a bill. New York recently instituted its IDNYC card, which gives illegal immigrants access to a variety of city services in addition to the municipal identification card. As the Guardian points out,  many Americans find the idea of non-citizen voting entirely unpalatable and fear that it undermines the sanctity and privilege of citizenship.  Peter Schuck, an emeritus professor of law at Yale University, told the outlet,  My guess is that it would cause many Americans to wonder what the point of citizenship is if anyone can vote without even bothering to learn or be committed enough to apply for naturalization.  Eric Ulrich, one of three Republicans on the city council, recently told Newsday,  The right to vote is a privilege and a sacred obligation that citizens have enjoyed. It should only be for United States citizens. It s also a reason for people who are on a path to citizenship to aspire to citizenship. It s something for them to look forward to.   Six Maryland jurisdictions and Chicago allow non-citizens to vote in some local elections,  and  activists in Amherst, Massachusetts, Madison, Wisconsin, and Burlington, Vermont are also clamoring to give voting rights to non-citizens.  -Breitbart NewsVia: Brietbart News",0
15873,ILLEGAL ALIEN WITH DRUG RESISTANT TB TO BE RELEASED INTO GENERAL U.S. POPULATION,"Is anyone else 100% FED UP?On Friday, Arizona Rep. Paul Gosar, along with Rep. Ann Kirkpatrick (D-AZ) and Senators John McCain (R-AZ) and Jeff Flake (R-AZ), sent a letter to DHS Secretary Jeh Johnson and ICE Deputy Assistant Secretary Salda a warning them not to release an illegal immigrant with drug-resistant tuberculosis into the general public. I was alarmed when I was forwarded a letter written by Pinal County Director of Public Health Thomas Schryer indicating that the ICE Detention facility in Florence is planning on releasing an illegal immigrant with drug resistant tuberculosis into the Pinal County Community in the next couple days,  Gosar said in a statement.  I demand ICE and DHS rethink this awful decision and not release this dangerous individual. Such actions put our citizens at risk and will impose significant financial burdens on the County. Dr. Thomas Schryer, Director of Public Health for Pinal County, wrote a letter explaining his concerns about releasing the detained illegal immigrant, who has been receiving treatment for seven months for his tuberculosis.  Tuberculosis is a very dangerous disease that can spread easily, due to the public health threat Arizona Revised Statutes and good public health practice dictates that we provide healthcare to treat tuberculosis for anyone residing in our county (other than those incarcerated) as a result when the ICE facility releases this individual he will be treated at the local tax payers  expense,  he stated.  From a public health perspective it is essential that anyone who is suffering from TB be treated so they are not a health threat to others, I request that ICE pay the costs of those who are released from their facility. The full text of Dr. Schryer s letter and the letter from Gosar, McCain, Flake, and Kirkpatrick can be read below.  FINAL Letter to ICE and DHS re Illegal Immigrant with TB in Florence Facility.docx Via: Breitbart News",0
15874,NO TOILET PAPER?! SOCIALISM IS IN ITS FINAL STAGES FOR VENEZUELA SO BYOTP,"Socialism doesn t work but I guess Venezuela didn t get the memo. No toilet paper? No food? Yes, it s come to that in this socialist hellhole Venezuela s product shortages have become so severe that some hotels in that country are asking guests to bring their own toilet paper and soap, a local tourism industry spokesman said on Wednesday .  It s an extreme situation,  says Xinia Camacho, owner of a 20-room boutique hotel in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada national park.  For over a year we haven t had toilet paper, soap, any kind of milk, coffee or sugar. So we have to tell our guests to come prepared.  Montilla says bigger hotels can circumvent product shortages by buying toilet paper and other basic supplies from black market smugglers who charge up to 6-times the regular price. But smaller, family-run hotels can t always afford to pay such steep prices, which means that sometimes they have to make do without. Camacho says she refuses to buy toilet paper from the black market on principle.  In the black market you have to pay 110 bolivares [$0.50] for a roll of toilet paper that usually costs 17 bolivares [$ 0.08] in the supermarket,  Camacho told Fusion.  We don t want to participate in the corruption of the black market, and I don t have four hours a day to line up for toilet paper  at a supermarket . Recently, Venezuelan officials have been stopping people from transporting essential goods across the country in an effort to stem the flow of contraband. So now Camacho s guests could potentially have their toilet paper confiscated before they even make it to the hotel. Shortages, queues, black markets, and official theft. And blaming the CIA. Yes, Venezuela has truly achieved socialism.But what I never understood is this: Why toilet paper? How hard is it to make toilet paper? I can understand a socialist economy having trouble producing decent cars or computers. But toilet paper? And soap? And matches?Sure, it s been said that if you tried communism in the Sahara, you d get a shortage of sand. Still, a shortage of paper seems like a real achievement.Read more: CATO",0
15875,HYSTERICAL VIDEO: SATURDAY NIGHT LIVE DOES CNN,PRETTY FUNNY STUFF-MAKE SURE TO WATCH TO THE END.,0
15876,MarkLevin is Freaking Awesome: Obama negotiates with Iran; Iranian general says Israel’s destruction is not negotiable,Let s get real with some awesome truth from Mark Levin.Is this guy not just the best ever truth teller! Why can t we have more of him! Patty and I can t get enough of Levin and his ability to cut through the bs of the left.,0
15877,FLASHBACK: Female Terrorist Who Planned To Blow Up NYC Police Funeral Was A Pre-School Teacher [Video],"So a wannabe female bomber was a pre-school teacher by day in Queens, NY and a jihadi the rest of the time.She was a pretty hardcore jihadi who worshipped Bin laden and was a big fan of the Boston Bombers. One of the things we found interesting is her affiliation with ICNA Relief, an Islamic charity affiliated with the Islamic Circle of North America. We don t know much about the organization but found a video of Noelle speaking about her support from ICNA. To be honest, it sounds like a bunch of bs but she s trying to raise funds for a women s shelter. She rambles on and on but you can at least get a better understanding of what an attention wh*re she is.NOELLE (PLEASE GO TO THE 7:00 MARK FOR HER  STORY ) ALSO KNOWN AS AISHA ASIF IS A WANNABE JIHADIST WHO CONSPIRED TO BOMB THE NYC POLICE FUNERAL: One of the two Queens women accused of plotting a homemade bomb strike on American soil worked at a preschool, where officials remained tight-lipped Friday after her arrest on terrorism charges.Asia Siddiqui, a 31-year-old native of Saudi Arabia, was behind bars Friday, locked up with her best friend and accused sister in jihad Noelle Valentzas, 28.An undercover operative reported that Valentzas said  being a martyr in a suicide attack guarantees entrance into heaven.  A picture of Osama bin Laden with an AK-47 allegedly decorated her cell phone. She also allegedly turned her interests to pressure cookers after the Boston Marathon bombing: You can fit a lot of things in [the pressure cooker], even if it s not food,  Velentzas told the undercover operative, apparently referencing explosives.She evidently told the undercover operative,  If we get arrested, the police will point their guns at us from the back and maybe from the front. If we can get even one of their weapons, we can shoot them. They will probably kill us but we will be martyrs automatically and receive Allah s blessing. Velentzas was allegedly also friends with U.S. airman Tairod Pugh who, last month, was indicted on terrorism charges after allegedly plotting to travel to Syria to join the Islamic State.Less than two weeks ago, Velentzas was reportedly asked whether she had heard the news about the recent arrest of Pugh and replied that she did not understand why people were traveling overseas to wage jihad when there were more opportunities of  pleasing Allah  in the United States. In that same meeting, Velentzas said she needed to learn the science behind bomb-building to avoid being like Faisal Shahzad, the man who drove an SUV full of explosives into Times Square on a warm Saturday night in May 2010. He wasn t able to detonate the bombs. We have no comment at this time,  said a worker at 82nd Street Academics in Queens on the day after FBI agents arrested the two Al Qaeda-linked suspects at their homes.The busts followed a two-year undercover probe, with the terrorist sympathizers accused of amassing bomb-making materials and studying bomb-making manuals while plotting their strike.The self-identified citizens of the Islamic State   the terrorist organization responsible for beheading Western hostages   have billed themselves as  some bad bitches. Outside their South Jamaica home on Friday, Valentzas  husband (PICTURED BELOW), Abu Bakr, defended his wife and her friend against the federal charges that carry a potential life sentence. He was left at the home with their two kids, ages 5 and 11, after federal agents took Noelle away in handcuffs. The 27-year-old Valentzas, a home health-care worker, was born in Florida, authorities said.She and Siddiqui became close friends and co-conspirators united by a desire to  make history  through a terrorist attack in the U.S. Both women are American citizens.But a federal criminal complaint said the two suspects were overheard repeatedly discussing violent activities with the undercover agent   including a plot to bomb a police funeral.Read more: NYDN ",0
15878,WELCOME TO AMERICA: Most Refugees Are On Food Stamps…And That’s Not All!,"A strikingly high percentage of refugees to the United States use some form of public assistance, according to a government report to Congress.The Office of Refugee Resettlement s Annual Report to Congress for FY2013 reveals that nearly 4 of 5 refugees were on food stamps.Additionally, nearly half were on some form of cash assistance and more than a half were on medical assistance. More than 20 percent were on Supplemental Security Income, more than 22 percent were in public housing and nearly 20 percent were on Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF).The report noted that many households received more than one type of assistance and the data dealt with refugees who arrived in the U.S. between March 1, 2008 to February 28, 2013.To be sure, assistance use varied among region of origin.Refugees from Africa and the Middle East were the heaviest users of cash assistance at 61.9 percent and 68.3 percent respectively. Latin American refugees only used cash assistance at a rate of 8.1 percent and South Asia used about 42.7 percent. Data for Europe and the former Soviet Union was not available.The use of food stamps   or the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP)   also varied with 88.9 percent of refugees from Africa, 91.4 percent of Middle Eastern refugees, the Middle East, 72.9 percent of South Asia, and 36.7 percent of Latin American refugees using the benefit.Overall, according to the report just 50 percent of refugee households in the five year window were self-sufficient. Approximately 50 percent of all sampled refugee households in the 2013 survey were entirely self-sufficient (subsisted on earnings alone),  the report reads.  About 39 percent lived on a combination of public assistance and earned income; another eight percent received only public assistance. Via: Breitbart News",0
15879,LISTEN TO THIS FORMER DOJ WHISTLEBLOWER,THE CONGRESS IS THERE TO DO WHAT S BEST FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE YET THEY RE LIKE DEER IN THE HEADLIGHTS. Listen to this former DOJ whistleblower who s been in the belly of the Obama regime beast and knows the deal.,0
15880,POLITICAL HACK RIHANNA SINGS “We are the new America” AT THE FINAL FOUR…WHAT EXACTLY IS “NEW AMERICA”?,"Corporate sponsors like Coke should think again before hiring this potty mouthed anti-American hack singer for anything.Rihanna performed  American Oxygen  live for the first time at Saturday s March Madness Music Festival.If, by chance, corporate sponsors, broadcasters and the NCAA advised acts playing the March Madness Music Festival to not comment on the controversy that s gripped Indiana, Rihanna and supporting act Bleachers didn t heed that memo on Saturday.Rihanna paused during her performance to verbally slam RFRA in two expletive-laden sentences.The 2015 installment of the annual three-day event was held in Indianapolis, timed to the NCAA s Final Four competition. Rihanna was the headliner of the Coke Zero Countdown concert at White River State Park.Rihanna sang  American Oxygen . It s a sluggish number that frames itself as a 21st-century  The Times They Are A-Changin .   We are the new America,  sang Rihanna in a performance that TBS picked up for broadcast during Saturday s basketball coverage.Rihanna wrote on Twitter afterward,  Thank you Indiana!!!! I would never forget how much fun I had with you tonight!! You blew me away!!! Thank you man!! One love always.  And even though  American Oxygen  hasn t been officially released, the crowd responded to the performance quite strongly.  You SANG EVERY F*CKING WORD!!!!  tweeted Rihanna.  That sh*t legit give me goosebumps!! GAG! WHAT IS NEW AMERICA? IS IT THE HATE AND DIVISION PROMOTED BY OUR PRESIDENT? IS IT THE TURMOIL AND CHAOS IN THE MIDDLE EAST CAUSED BY OUR PRESIDENT? IS IT THE SOARING NATIONAL DEBT IGNORED BY OUR PRESIDENT? IS IT THE COLONIZATION VIA INVASION OF ILLEGALS FROM CENTRAL AMERICA THAT S THE  NEW AMERICA ?Via: indystar",0
15881,"FED’S PREVENT ‘Mother of the Year’ From Boarding Plane To Join ISIS, Planning To Leave Two Daughters Behind In Philadelphia","There are just way too many wannabe male and female jihadists in our homeland right now. The truth is, we have no way of knowing how many of them are planning to do harm to their fellow Americans. Congress needs to stop the State Dept. sponsored Refugee Resettlement program. It s obvious we have a problem with Muslim Americans and Muslim immigrants living in America who want to join ISIS. It s up to Congress to take meaningful action to stop this insanity. <strong>THE YOUNG LIONESS</strong>A Philadelphia mother of two, who goes by the name of  YoungLioness  on Twitter, was arrested by federal officials Friday and charged with trying to support ISIS with money and resources.Keonna Thomas, 30, appeared in court in full black dress with only her eyes showing, just hours after her arrest. According to the criminal complaint filed by the U.S. attorney s office, she wanted to join, fight with and die for ISIS.The only reason she didn t get on a plane last Sunday to put her plan into action, was because federal agents spooked her two days before the flight when they raided her home, federal prosecutors argued, saying Thomas was a flight risk and should be detained.The North Philly woman, who neighbors said lived quietly with her two daughters and grandmother, posted statements on Twitter accounts which led officials to believe she was intent on not only supporting the terrorist organization, but looked forward to martyrdom, federal officials allege. Read more:NBC",0
15882,[Video] COLLEGE STUDENT BULLIED AFTER TAKING PICTURE OF “White Privilege” Board At Dorm," At first I was very surprised that this was in a dorm, because when I go into my dormitory I want to feel I m at home. So when I looked at the board, I instantly felt shameful for my heritage and my upbringing and for my life choices.   Mission accomplished.A student at Appalachian State University says she was cyber-bullied after she called out a dormitory s  Check Your Privilege  bulletin board.The board showed memes to depict so-called white privilege, heterosexual privilege, Christian privilege, and able-bodied privilege, among others.A female student, Laurel Littler, objected to the board s apparent shaming, so she posted a photo of it on her Facebook page and was surprised to receive some harsh responses.Her post was picked up by the website Campus Reform and after that, she says she was the victim of  tons of cyber-bullying. I read that because I m white, I had never experiences oppression before, so I deserved the cyber-bullying. It hurt at first, but after a while, I just realized these people don t know who I am and if they really do want to know my opinion, they re more than welcome to talk to me in person,  Littler told Elisabeth Hasselbeck this morning.The  privilege  board was put up by a resident assistant at the dormitory after three University of San Francisco professors started the  Check Your Privilege  campaign last fall.The R.A. reportedly does not plan to take it down.Littler said she doesn t want the board to be taken down, but posted it on Facebook out of a concern over the message. Fox and Friends  did not receive a response from the school on whether they plan to act to take the board down. Watch the interview above.Via: FOX NEWS",0
15883,IS ISIS IN DANGER OF BEING WIPED OUT BY A FLESH EATING VIRUS?,"Try to fix that with a dull knife boys The self-declared Islamic State capital is currently in the throes of an epidemic and a number of members of the Islamic State have reportedly been infected.Efforts are reportedly being made to prevent the further spread of the Leishmaniasis skin disease, which is highly virulent, in the IS stronghold.Although organizations began work to combat the disease, this became impossible after IS is claimed to have closed down their city offices.They also confiscated equipment and arrested officers trying to help fight the condition which can be deadly.The first case of the disease, which is caused by protozoan parasites, was discovered in September 2013.By the middle of 2014 500 people had been affected, according to a network of activists  Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently. The disease is spread by flies that are attracted by the rubble and rubbish of war.It can sometimes be fatal and can also cause significant damage to parts of the body it affects.More than 2,500 cases have been recorded in the north-east of Raqqa.IS is said to have a residual force of between 3,000 to 5,000 in the city, as they attempt to strengthen their so-called caliphate.This comes after World Health Organisation reported that Syria s health system had collapsed, meaning that disease was spreading rapidly through a country already plagued by violence.Via: Express UK",0
15884,MUSLIM WOMAN ARRESTED FOR SPITTING ON HER FELLOW WHITE WALMART SHOPPERS BUT WHAT HAPPENS NEXT IS MORE UPSETTING,"This woman s having trouble entering the Walmart so people go to help her SHE SPITS ON THEM! Her reasoning for this disgusting behavior is that  Americans are pushing us around . She s arrested BUT what happens next is what s so disturbing.A Saudi Arabian national faces hate crimes charges after allegedly spitting on several people at a Florida Walmart.Nuha Mohammed Al-Doaifi was arrested in Palm Bay after police responded to a 911 call, Florida Today reported Tuesday.The 21-year-old, who was with her 2-year-old son at the time, allegedly admitted to authorities she spat on several people because  Americans are pushing us around. The incident began, police said, when a woman approached Al-Doaifi when she appeared to be having difficulty entering the Walmart. All I was trying to do was tell her she was coming in through the out door,  Terry Rakowski told Florida Today.  She was just ramming (her cart) into the door. The 39-year-old then claims the woman spat in her face. She just spit all over me,  she said.Al-Doaifi then allegedly did the same thing to several others inside the Walmart. Her actions were directed at random people based on their ethnicity, and that s according to her own statement,  said a spokeswoman for the Palm Bay Police Department.BUT THIS IS WHAT S EVEN MORE DISTURBING:Don t bother trying to hit the link to the original source  Florida Today . As soon as this story started to appear at other websites they yanked the story, scrubbed it completely. You can t even find the original report by searching for this woman s name, all you get is a 404  page not found. It s like it never happened and she doesn t exist.Apparently, hate crimes is a one way street, especially when committed by a Muslim against white folks.You have to wonder why she s even here if she hates white Americans so much. The next question is whether the Obama regime will deport her back to the big sandbox from whence she came.I m gonna say, probably not.VIA: BLUR BRAIN",0
15885,FLASHBACK: KING OBAMA COMMUTES SENTENCES OF 22 DRUG DEALERS,"Just making room for Hillary President Obama today announced his decision to commute the sentences of 22 convicted drug offenders   many of them serving time after being convicted of conspiracy to distribute either cocaine, heroin, marijuana or methamphetamine. The 22 commutations granted today underscore the President s commitment to using all the tools at his disposal to bring greater fairness and equity to our justice system,  White House Assistant and Counsel to the President Neil Eggleston in a statement on the White House Website.  Further, they demonstrate how exercising this important authority can remedy imbalances and rectify errors in sentencing. In a letter to one of the pardoned criminals   Terry Barnes of Mississippi   Obama explained that he was granting him a commutation to allow him to turn his life around. It embodies the basic belief in our democracy that people deserve a second chance after having made a mistake in their lives that led to a conviction under our laws,  he wrote, acknowledging that some were skeptical about his ability to change. I believe in your ability to prove the doubters wrong,  Obama concluded.  So good luck, and Godspeed. Obama s action is part of his continued effort to highlight the harsh penalties for non-violent drug offenders and encourage reform.Full list below:  Terry Andre Barnes   East Moline, ILOffense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine base; supervised release violation (distribution of cocaine base) (Southern District of Iowa)Sentence: 246 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (July 25, 2005)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Theresa Brown   Pompano Beach, FLOffense: Conspiracy to distribute crack cocaine (Southern District of Florida)Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (Mar. 29, 1995)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Donel Marcus Clark   Dallas, TXOffense: Conspiracy; use of a communication facility (five counts); distribution and/or possession of cocaine or manufacturing in or near a school facility, aiding and abetting (Northern District of Texas)Sentence: 420 months  imprisonment; four years  supervised release (Nov. 12, 1993); amended to 360 months  imprisonment (August 20, 2008)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Ricky Bernard Coggins   Tallahassee, FLOffense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine base (Northern District of Florida)Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (May 3, 1993)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Samuel Pasqual Edmondson   Junction City, KSOffense: Conspiracy to possess methamphetamine with intent to distribute; possession with intent to distribute methamphetamine (Eastern District of Texas)Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (Sep. 24, 1997)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Amado Garcia   Fresno, CAOffense: Conspiracy to possess with the intent to distribute methamphetamine; aiding and abetting the possession of methamphetamine; aiding and abetting the possession of heroin (District of Wyoming)Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release; $2,000 fine (Nov. 29, 2001)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Dwight Anthony Goddard   Decatur, GAOffense: Possession with intent to distribute cocaine base (Middle District of Georgia)Sentence: 235 months  imprisonment; five years  supervised release (Feb. 7, 2002)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Lionel Ray Hairston   Ridgeway, VAOffense: Distribution of cocaine base (three counts) (Western District of Virginia)Sentence: 262 months  imprisonment; eight years  supervised release (May 27, 1999)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Francis Darrell Hayden   Loretto, KYOffense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute 1,000 or more marijuana plants or 1,000 or more kilograms of marijuana; manufacture of 1,000 or more marijuana plants (Eastern District of Michigan)Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (Apr. 2, 2002)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Harold Kenneth Herring   Havana, FLOffense: Possession of a firearm by a convicted felon; possession with intent to distribute cocaine base (Northern District of Florida)Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (Jan. 22, 1998)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Tommie Lee Hollingshed   Memphis, TNOffense: Distribution of a controlled substance (two counts) (Western District of Tennessee)Sentence: 324 months  imprisonment; four years  supervised release (May 1, 1996)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Derrick DeWayne Johnson   Birmingham, ALOffense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine; possession with intent to distribute cocaine (Northern District of Alabama)Sentence: 360 months  imprisonment; four years  supervised release (Nov. 18, 1998)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to a term of 262 months.  Robert Martinez-Gil   San Antonio, TXOffense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine and heroin (Western District of Texas)Sentence: Life imprisonment (July 9, 1992)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  David Navejar   Brooksville, FLOffense: Conspiracy to distribute and to possess with intent to distribute 500 grams or more of methamphetamine (Middle District of Florida)Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (Jan. 27, 2003)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Rudolph Norris   Washington, D.C.Offense: Unlawful distribution of cocaine base; unlawful possession with intent to distribute five grams or more of cocaine base (District of Columbia)Sentence: 360 months  imprisonment; eight years  supervised release (Apr. 5, 1993)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Tracy Lynn Petty   Shelby, NCOffense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine and cocaine base (Western District of North Carolina)Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (Mar. 30, 2006); amended to 204 months  imprisonment (February 25, 2008)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Luis Razo   Davenport, IAOffense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine (Southern District of Iowa)Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (Jan. 3, 2003)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Antwon Rogers   Cleveland, OHOffense: Conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute 139.8 grams of cocaine base (Northern District of Ohio)Sentence: Life imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (Jan. 30, 1995)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Herman Rosenboro  Kingsport, TNOffense: Conspiracy to distribute and possess with the intent to distribute over five kilograms of cocaine and over 50 grams of cocaine base; distribution of a quantity of cocaine base (two counts); distribution of a quantity of cocaine (two counts) (Eastern District of Tennessee)Sentence: Life imprisonment; six years  supervised release (Dec. 3, 2001)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Lawrence Elmo Scott   Lynchburg, VAOffense: Distribution of crack cocaine within 1,000 feet of a school (Western District of Virginia)Sentence: 283 months  imprisonment; six years  supervised release; $4,000 fine (Apr. 8, 2003)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Levar V. Wade   Chicago, ILOffense: Possession of 50 or more grams of crack cocaine with intent to distribute (Central District of Illinois)Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (May 28, 2004)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.  Eugene Winters   Cedar Rapids, IAOffense: Conspiracy to distribute cocaine base (Southern District of Iowa)Sentence: 240 months  imprisonment; 10 years  supervised release (Feb. 23, 2005)Commutation Grant: Prison sentence commuted to expire on July 28, 2015.Via: Breitbart News",0
15886,APPLE’S CEO SAYS RELIGIOUS FREEDOM LAWS ARE ‘DANGEROUS’ TO GAYS But Sells Products In Countries Where Gays Are Thrown Off Rooftops,"The gay mafia has a new corporate  Don. This is the only article you will need to read about the sheer stupidity of left-wing agitators who are crowing about the new religious freedom law in Indiana.Yesterday, Apple CEO Tim Cook, himself a gay man, published an op-ed in The Washington Post with this ominous title:  Pro-discrimination laws are dangerous.  Cook argues that religious freedom laws, like the one signed by Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana last week are  dangerous  to gay people.A debatable point. However, what is not debatable is this: laws that make homosexuality punishable by death are dangerous to gay people.That s why you might be surprised to learn that Cook s company, Apple, does business in four (4) countries that make homosexuality a capital crime. Those countries are Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, Nigeria, and Qatar.If you zip on over to this page, you can see the list of all of the countries where Apple does business. Those four countries are on the list.We anxiously await CNN s Andrew Cuomo or ABC s George Stephanopoulos to ask Tim Cook to appear on air and explain this glaring inconsistency, which should be obvious even to the average MSNBC viewer.However, we all know that won t happen.Via: DownTrend",0
15887,"WATCH DIRTY HARRY REID ON HIS LIE ABOUT ROMNEY’S TAXES: “HE DIDN’T WIN, DID HE?”","In case you missed it Sen. Harry Reid (R-NV), who announced last week that he will retire after his current term expires in early 2017, said he does not regret taking to the Senate floor in 2012 to accuse then-GOP presidential nominee Mitt Romney of not paying his taxes. No, I don t regret that at all,  he told CNN s Dana Bash.  The Koch brothers   no one would help me. They were afraid the Koch brothers would go after them, so I did it on my own. Bash said some viewed the charge as  McCarthy-ite,  but Reid didn t buy that explanation. He shrugged, saying,  they can call it whatever they want. Romney didn t win, did he?  Reid said somewhat amusingly.",0
15888,OH NO! GUESS WHO FUNDED THE SHRINE TO TED KENNEDY,"Nothing like political cronyism to make your stomach churn. Especially since it s for a scumbag like Teddy who rode the coattails of the American taxpayers his entire life. Could they not raise the funds from private donors? I guess not it s a shame for all the hardworking taxpayers out there who ponied up without even having a choice in the matter.Over half of the funding for the Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the United States Senate came from taxpayer dollars, half of that from Defense budget.It was supposed to be all private money but alas even in death Teddy Kennedy has found a way to take from the American taxpayer. That the money is going to his own self aggrandizement would have pleased him. That the money came from  defense  would have pleased him even more.The New York Times writes:  Here s an unstated lesson: It pays to have friends running the Appropriations Committee. More than $18 million of the $38 million in public funds for the center was funneled through the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee, a powerful panel once run by other Senate powerhouses who have died in recent years:Senators Daniel K. Inouye, Democrat of Hawaii, and Ted Stevens, Republican of Alaska  But one would think people would be lining up to throw cash at the project given how great Kennedy was. Couldn t the Kennedy clan pony up the dough? Or maybe just house the memorial in the basement of the Hyannis Port estate? But why have the family or friends of the Kennedys pay for Teddy s monument when one can get the taxpayers to do it?and this from Newsmax:  President Obama, Vice President Biden, Secretary of State John Kerry and Sen. Elizabeth Warren will all gather to praise the Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the United States Senate. Much will be said about Kennedy s 46-year record in the U.S. Senate, nothing about various scandals that ranged from Chappaquiddick to his attempts to have the Soviets intervene in the 1984 presidential election against Ronald Reagan. Boston Herald columnist Howie Carr points out that the Insititute  was supposed to be paid for exclusively with private donations.  But it should come as no surprise that the gorgeous 40,000-square-foot building that will house Kennedy s papers and memorabilia as well as a recreation of his personal office and the Senate chamber was financed with a generous $38 million congressional earmark. The state of Massachusetts chipped in with another $5 million for education  infrastructure.Read more: Newsmax",0
15889,BENGHAZI PANEL CALLS HILLARY TO TESTIFY UNDER OATH AS WHITE HOUSE ASKS FOR MORE TIME TO “REVIEW” (DELETE) HER E-MAILS,"Does anyone really think Hillary Clinton will come clean about ANYTHING? She dug herself such a huge hole that I could see her digging an even deeper one to get herself in the clear. She s going to lie you know it.Gowdy had this to say today about the possibility of retrieving some of Hillary s e-mails:House Select Committee on Benghazi Chairman Trey Gowdy said Tuesday it may still be  technically possible  to retrieve thousands of emails to and from former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on the private server her lawyer said was  wiped clean. BENGHAZI PANEL CALLS HILLARY TO TESTIFYA House panel Tuesday formally requested Hillary Clinton to testify about the private server and email account she used while serving as secretary of state.Rep. Trey Gowdy, chairman of the Select Committee on Benghazi, sent a request to Clinton s personal attorney, David E. Kendall, requesting that Clinton appear before the committee no later than May 1 for a transcribed interview about the server and email.The request comes after Kendall told Gowdy that the server had been wiped clean and that it would be impossible to recover the 30,000 emails Clinton deleted last year.Gowdy, in his request to Kendall, also asked Clinton to  reconsider  her refusal to turn over the server to a neutral third party, which he called  highly unusual, if not unprecedented. Clinton said she only deleted personal emails and turned over every work-related message to the State Department, which is reviewing the data to filter out classified information. Because of the Secretary s unique arrangement with herself as it relates to public records during and after her tenure as Secretary of State.  Gowdy wrote,  this Committee is left with no alternative but to request Secretary Clinton appear before this Committee for a transcribed interview to better understand decisions the Secretary made relevant to the creation, maintenance, retention, and ultimately deletion of public records. WHAT S THERE TO REVIEW???As you read the following media report it is important to remember:   Hillary Clinton has previously stated, unequivocally, that no classified communication traveled through her self-created personal communication network.So what exactly is there to review? Either the U.S. government believes the statements by the Secretary of State to be true, or they do not.Second,   the government knowingly allowed the secret communication network to exist and allowed all the construction issues therein to take place. Therefore the burden of any administrative compliance issue should reside upon them to reconcile expeditiously.The Obama administration told a federal court Monday that it needs  several months  more to go through former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton s government emails, saying it s proving time-consuming to sort out exactly what information they can release to the public,Justice Department lawyers also bristled at accusations that the government perpetrated a fraud by hiding the existence of the emails, as Mr. Obama s team begins to fully grapple with the legal complications Mrs. Clinton has left them.Read more: Washington Examiner ",0
15890,HILLARY RODHAM NIXON: A CANDIDATE WITH MORE BAGGAGE THAN A SAMSONITE FACTORY,"The irony here isn t lost on us. Hillary is being compared to the President she wanted to take down. Nixon s got nothing on this criminal who wiped her server clean after e-mails were requested from her. John Fund questions the Democrat s strategy  to support a Nixonian type candidate with more baggage than a Samsonite factory She s secretive, scandal-plagued, and seemingly inevitable. Ever since Hillary Clinton s e-mail scandal broke, comparisons between her secretive style and that of Richard Nixon, whom she ironically pursued as a young lawyer on the House impeachment committee, have been frequent. But with the revelation that she wiped her private e-mail server clean after her records were requested by the State Department last year, the comparisons are becoming more concrete. Washington wags note that even Nixon never destroyed the tapes, but Hillary has permanently erased her e-mails.Exactly what would a Hillary presidency look like, and could it plunge the nation into another round of debilitating Clinton scandals? That s a question Democrats should ask themselves before they hand the nomination over to her.  Many Democrats have reservations about Hillary s cozy relations with Wall Street, her 2002 vote for the Iraq War, and the Clinton couple s  flexibility  on issues.  They love winning. They re both masters of it, Hillary maybe even more than Bill. But that s not the same as having a belief system,  noted the liberal Rolling Stone magazine. But some Democrats also want Hillary to be challenged on her Nixonian penchant for slipperiness and questionable fundraising.A strong primary challenge has provided clues as to how she would run in a general election   something Democrats should know. After all, the first Clinton presidency was good for the Clintons, but not for the Democratic party, which lost both houses of Congress along with a majority of the nation s governorships   and during a time of economic prosperity and peace.Read more: National Review",0
15891,TOP FIVE Food Stamp Fraud Takedowns of 2017…Do You See The Common Thread?," After the Obama years of record food stamp usage, President Trump is pushing new initiatives to get people off of the government dole. The number was higher than 39.5 million (all-time high of 47.6 million in 2015) but you see the explosion with the graph below:  The fraud in the food stamp program is so rampant and easy to commit, we ve become a global magnet for grifters who immigrate and set up shop to cash in on money for food stamps. This program is ripe for reform but what s most disturbing is the very lenient penalty for the crime of food stamp fraud. The fraudsters are usually given a very light jail sentence and ordered to pay back the money. The problem is that the money has probably gone overseas and will NEVER be paid back. These grifters fade into the woodwork only to resurface when they reoffend. THE TOP 5 FOOD STAMP FRAUD CASES FROM 2017:  After the Obama years of record food stamp usage, President Trump is pushing new initiatives to get people off of the government dole. The number was higher than 39.5 million (all-time high of 47.6 million in 2015) but you see the explosion with the graph below:The fraud in the food stamp program is so rampant and easy to commit, we ve become a global magnet for grifters who immigrate and set up shop to cash in on money for food stamps.This program is ripe for reform but what s most disturbing is the very lenient penalty for the crime of food stamp fraud. The fraudsters are usually given a very light jail sentence and ordered to pay back the money. The problem is that the money has probably gone overseas and will NEVER be paid back. These grifters fade into the woodwork only to resurface when they reoffend.THE TOP 5 FOOD STAMP FRAUD CASES FROM 2017:The food stamp program is a federally-funded program administered by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA), and federal investigators are most often the ones who catch those engaged in fraudulent activities..Investigators often uncover millions of dollars worth of food stamp fraud, mostly from people who run convenience stores in low-income areas where many patrons receive food stamps through the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).To show how many millions of dollars these criminals have taken away from the federal government, here are the 5 biggest takedowns of food stamp fraud of 2017.IMMIGRANT FRAUD IS THE COMMON THREAD!1. Ohio Convenience Store Owner Sentenced to 33 Months in Prison for $2.8 Million in Food Stamp FraudA former Ohio convenience store owner got caught carrying out a $2.8 million food stamp fraud scheme where he allowed benefit recipients to exchange their food stamps for cash.The USDA revealed in an audit that the store, Breaden Market, cashed in on SNAP benefits more than ten times the amount of larger stores in the area, raising red flags among investigators.A judge eventually convicted and sentenced George Rafidi, 62, to 33 months in prison in February and ordered him to pay that $2.8 million back.2. Florida Investigators Discover More than $20 Million in Food Stamp FraudThe agency said it uncovered the majority of fraud when paging through SNAP benefit applications stating fraudulent household information.3. Baltimore Man Sentenced to Four Years for $3.7 Million Food Stamp FraudA Baltimore store owner got slapped with a four-year prison sentence for carrying out $3.7 million worth of food stamp fraud.Mohammad Shafiq, 51, was one of 14 other Baltimore-area retailers sentenced for $16 million worth of food stamp fraud, where they exchanged SNAP benefits for cash.The judge ordered Shafiq to pay back that $3.7 million to the federal government and serve three years of supervised release following the end of his sentence.4. Three Wisconsin Men Who Carried Out $1.2 Million Food Stamp Fraud Sentenced to Hard TimeA judge sentenced three Milwaukee, Wisconsin, convenience store owners Kanwar Gill, 67, Raviinder Gill, 27, and George Nance, 59 to prison terms ranging from 15-20 months in October after the three had been found guilty of exchanging cash for SNAP benefits.Their store, Quick N EZ, had been an authorized retailer that accepts food stamp benefits, but the $1.2 million in benefits the store redeemed was far beyond the amount the small convenience store was expected to redeem.Records show that all three men had been ordered to pay back the $1.2 million in fraudulently earned money. An Iraqi immigrant pleaded guilty to $1.4 million in food stamp fraud in November for conspiring with others to defraud the U.S. government.Ali Ratib Daham, 40, of Maine, gave customers cash in exchange for SNAP and Women, Infant, and Children (WIC) program benefits. He then redeemed the full value of the benefits to obtain more money from the government fraudulently.The naturalized U.S. citizen is expected to face a harsh prison sentence for his crime he faces up to 20 years behind bars and will most likely be expected to pay back the $1.4 million to the government.Via: Breitbart",0
15892,HOUSE INTEL Slaps Subpoenas on McCain Institute Associate Involved in “Trump Dirty Dossier” Sources,"Please see our previous report below on the McCain Institute associate who has now been subpoenaed by the House Intel Committee. David J. Kramer was in hot water before for the same reason the Intel Committee is now issuing a subpoena:He was previously subpoenaed by the lawyers for a Russian tech executive suing BuzzFeed. The guy just refuses to give out any information on sources for the  dirty  dossier. This raises the question of if there were sources that were fictional and were used just to build a fake case against Trump. President Trump just tweeted out that the dossier is a  pile of garbage . Could it be that this  pile of garbage  was used to make the case for a FISA warrant to spy on POTUS  The plot thickens on this one The Daily Caller reports: The House Intelligence Committee has issued a subpoena for an associate of Arizona Sen. John McCain s who revealed last week that he knows the names of the Russian sources used in former British spy Christopher Steele s infamous dossier.A congressional source tells The Daily Caller that California Rep. Devin Nunes issued the subpoena on Wednesday for David J. Kramer, a former State Department official.Kramer refused to divulge the names of Steele s sources during a Dec. 19 interview with the panel, the source says.Steele used Russian sources to gather information on the Trump campaign and Donald Trump s activities in Russia. The ex-spy was working for Fusion GPS, an opposition research firm that was on the payroll of the Clinton campaign and Democratic National Committee.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE MCCAIN ASSOCIATE WHO REFUSED TO SPILL THE BEANS: Lawyers for a Russian tech executive suing BuzzFeed for publishing the Steele dossier say that a longtime associate of Arizona Sen. John McCain and two major news outlets are resisting subpoenas seeking their depositions for the case.In a brief filed in federal court late Wednesday, lawyers for the executive, Aleksej Gubarev, claim that David Kramer (pictured below), a former State Department official and McCain associate,  has been seemingly avoiding service  of a deposition subpoena for weeks.Please see the very curious input Reason.com put out just this July regarding Kramer s involvement in the Steele dossier getting into the hands of the press. And The New York Times and Wall Street Journal are challenging deposition subpoenas they have been served as part of the case.Gubarev s lawyers are attempting to find out who gave BuzzFeed the salacious dossier, which the website published to much controversy on Jan. 10.The dossier, written by former British spy Christopher Steele, alleges that Gubarev and his companies, XBT Holdings and Webzilla, used spam, viruses and porn bots to hack into DNC computer systems. Gubarev vehemently denies the allegations.Gubarev s attorneys say that identifying BuzzFeed s source could shed light on whether the news outlet was warned that information in the dossier could be false. They argue that publishing the dossier despite such warnings would show  reckless disregard for the truth or falsity of the information published. BuzzFeed has defended its decision to publish the dossier, which was financed by the Clinton campaign and DNC and commissioned by opposition research firm Fusion GPS. It is also resisting demands from Gubarev s team to identify its dossier source on the grounds that it would violate its First Amendment protections as a news-gathering organization.Via: Daily CallerReason had this to say on July 16th on the mystery surrounding how the fake dossier got into the hands of Buzzfeed:Did John McCain and a controversial D.C. lobbying group conspire to get the infamous  pee dossier  into the hands of the press?A lawsuit making its way through court in the UK hopes to determine just what role the senator and his associates had in making the lurid dossier public.New filings in the lawsuit, obtained by McClatchy, detail how David Kramer employed by the nonprofit and purportedly non-political McCain Institute acted as a representative of McCain in the Arizona senator s dealings on sensitive intelligence measures:According to a new court document in the British lawsuit, counsel for defendants Steele and Orbis repeatedly point to McCain, R-Ariz., a vocal Trump critic, and a former State Department official as two in a handful of people known to have had copies of the full document before it circulated among journalists and was published by BuzzFeed. Read more: McClatchyIt also reveals that McCain was one of a just few people with whom the dossier s author, ex-British spy Christopher Steele, shared a copy of his final findings. So how did they get from there to publication in Buzzfeed?THE PLOT THICKENS!",0
15893,PRICELESS! WATCH MSNBC HOST’S Shocked Response When GOP Lawmaker Calls For “Purge” of “Deep State” FBI and DOJ,"THIS IS PRICELESS! The video below shows just how out of control the left is when it comes to the corruption within the FBI and DOJ.When a Republican lawmaker called for a  purge  of what he said are  deep state  elements within the FBI and Justice Department, the MSNBC host Hallie Jackson was clearly agitated and shocked: I m very concerned that the DOJ and the FBI, whether you call it deep state or what, are off the rails,  Florida Rep. Francis Rooney stated then cited reasons behind his concern. The anti-Trump bias and the demotion of Bruce Ohr were just two of the examples Rooney gave.Jackson shot back,  Congressman, you just called the FBI and the DOJ off the rails. Something that you re okay with talking about here? How does that not sort of undermine the work that the agencies are doing? I don t want to discredit them. I would like to see the directors of those agencies purge it,  said Rooney.  And say look, we ve got a lot of great agents, a lot of great lawyers here, those are the people that I want the American people to see and know the good works being done, not these people who are kind of the deep state. Jackson responded:  Language like that, Congressman, purge? Purge the Department of Justice? Rooney responded,  Well, I think that Mr. Strzok could be purged, sure. Ms. Jackson might want to read up on the corruption that s been uncovered so far with the FBI and DOJ.",0
15894,CBS HIT JOB On New Tax Bill Backfires When Accountant Meets With Middle Class Taxpayers…Winning! [Video],"For weeks and weeks we ve heard the propaganda and DNC talking points about how President Trump was going to trick Americans with the tax cuts. Well, CBS News just lost one of their false narratives today.Despite their earnest efforts, they were forced to broadcast financial results from three families they used as representative examples of the Trump tax plan.The weeks-long media spin ran into the wall of reality: We asked an accountant to crunch the numbers for three working families to see how much they could be saving. Tony Dokoupil reports. It s safe to say that all three families were surprised at their savings. They were like so many other Americans who bought into the gloom and doom narrative with tax reform.HERE S ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF HOW BRAINWASHED PEOPLE ARE AGAINST TRUMP S TAX PLAN:Liberal college students don t care much for Donald Trump s new tax plan unless of course they re told that Bernie Sanders came up with it They can t help it They ve been taught Trump=bad Bernie=good so they know nothing else Maybe this will teach them to think for themselves Ya think?President Donald Trump s proposal for comprehensive tax reform was almost immediately dismissed as heartless and impractical by his political opponents.But what would some of those opponents think if they were told the same plan was being proposed by someone they adore Senator Bernie Sanders?To find out, we headed to George Washington University to ask students their opinions on Trump s new tax plan. WIthout much explanation, the students immediately made clear their distaste for the plan. It s not the most efficient, nor beneficial to the general populus,  said one student when asked her opinion of Trump s plan. It s better for the upper class than anyone else,  added another.After watching student after student express their disapproval of the plan, we then asked those same students what they thought of Senator Bernie Sanders  new tax plan.Immediately, they expressed excitement and support after hearing the details of the plan.The only problem for them? There was no tax plan for Senator Sanders. The plan they loved was actually President Trump s.Read more: Campus Reform",0
15895,‘MORNING JOE’ PANEL Says Nikki Haley “Embarrassed” the U.S. at the UN…Embarrassed? We Think NOT! [Video]," It s really interesting to hear this panel go ballistic over Nikki Haley finally standing up for America.MSNBC s  Morning Joe  panel on Friday lashed out at U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley for her speech before the U.N. General Assembly the prior day in which she criticized countries that supported a resolution condemning President Donald Trump s decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel s capital.Haley castigated the U.N. on Thursday after the international body backed a non-binding resolution to reject the U.S. decision on Jerusalem. The United States will remember this day in which it was singled out for attack in this assembly,  she said, threatening to cut off funding to the U.N.  We will remember it when we are called upon to once again make the world s largest contribution  to the U.N. and when other member nations ask Washington  to pay even more and to use our influence for their benefit. The  Morning Joe  panel took issue with Haley s remarks We think she stood strong and put these freeloading nations on notice. We say BRAVO! Read more: WFB",0
15896,JUST IN: Mystery Surrounds Obama Appointee Judge Who Recused Herself From Fusion GPS Case Also Handling DNC Corruption in Awan Brothers Case,"A federal judge in Washington, D.C. has recused herself from a second case involving Trump dossier firm Fusion GPS.Tanya S. Chutkan, an Obama appointee, recused herself on Monday from a case involving a dispute over subpoenas issued for Fusion GPS, the firm that commissioned the dossier.This Obama appointee is like so many others controversial. Change.org has a petition calling for her impeachmentA SUPPORTER COMMENT OF THE PETITION:  There is Clear and Present Danger, in our Government and to our Country. Judge Chutkin needs to do her duty, as Sworn by Oath, to let in ALL of the evidence pertaining to Imran Awan and Hina Alvi. As it stands today, 9/12/2017, Judge Chutkin is not doing her duty to protect the interests and lives of the Citizens of The United States. For this reason, I am standing with others, shoulder to shoulder, and calling for the Removal and Impeachment of Federal District Judge Tanya S. Chutkin. Aleksej Gubarev, a Russian tech executive accused in the dossier of hacking Democrats  computer systems, has sought to subpoena Fusion GPS records and to depose its employees to find out more about the research firm s work on the dossier.Gubarev is suing BuzzFeed for defamation for publishing the dossier earlier this year. He denies the allegations laid out in the document, which was written by former British spy Christopher Steele.Chutkan recused herself last month from another case involving Fusion GPS. The firm had filed suit against its bank, TD Bank, to keep it from complying with a subpoena issued by the House Intelligence Committee, which sought Fusion s bank records.Chutkan presided over that case from Oct. 20 to Nov. 9. It was reassigned to Judge Richard Leon, a George W. Bush appointee. Since taking over the case, Leon has indicated that he plans to allow more transparency into the court proceedings involving the battle over Fusion s bank records. He has ordered several documents be unsealed and made public.Chutkan has presided over the case involving the lawsuit against BuzzFeed since Aug. 31. Her replacement is Trevor McFadden, a Trump appointee who assumed office in October.The reasons for Chutkan s recusals remain a mystery Chutkan refused to comment on the recusal but her work with a medical technology firm also represented by Fusion GPS could be the reason.In any case, this is yet another case of the Obama hand in just about everything that has to do with corruption and intel agencies.Read more: Daily Caller",0
15897,JUST IN: Documents Reveal Hillary Clinton “Struck a Deal” to Keep Records Private,"Here s yet another reason to be very suspicious of the Obama administration and Hillary Clinton:Via Free Beacon: Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton struck a deal with the State Department while serving in the Obama administration that allowed her to take ownership of records she did not want made public, according to recently released reports.Clinton and her then-deputy chief of staff Huma Abedin were permitted to remove electronic and physical records under a claim they were  personal  materials and  unclassified, non-record materials. Judicial Watch made the revelation after filing a FOIA request with the State Department and obtaining a record of the agreement:The newly released documents show the deal allowed Clinton and Abedin to remove documents related to particular calls and schedules, and the records would not be  released to the general public under FOIA.  Abedin, for instance, was allowed to remove electronic records and five boxes of physical files, including files labeled  Muslim Engagement Documents. The released records included a list of designated materials that  would not be released to the general public under FOIA  and were to be released  to the Secretary with this understanding. Electronic copy of  daily files    which are word versions of public documents and non-records: speeches/press statements/photos from the website, a non-record copy of the schedule, a non record copy of the call log, press clips, and agenda of daily activitiesElectronic copy of a log of calls the Secretary made since 2004, it is a non-record, since her official calls are logged elsewhere (official schedule and official call log)Electronic copy of the Secretary s  call grid  which is a running list of calls she wants to make (both personal and official)16 boxes: Personal Schedules (1993 thru 2008-prior to the Secretary s tenure at the Department of State.29 boxes: Miscellaneous Public Schedules during her tenure as FLOTUS and Senator-prior to the Secretary s tenure at the Department of State1 box: Personal Reimbursable receipts (6/25/2009 thru 1/14/2013)1 box: Personal Photos1 box: Personal schedule (2009-2013) STICKY FINGERS  CLINTON:A physical file of  the log of the Secretary s gifts with pictures of gifts  was also handed over to Clinton. Gifts received by government employees is highly regulated, and often strictly limited. However, gifts that are  motivated by a family relationship or personal friendship  may be accepted without limitation.",0
15898,THE DOJ TOOK $7 MILLION TAXPAYER DOLLARS AND STARTED A BONFIRE…’Russian Meddling’ Probe Goes off The Rails,"The DOJ is reporting that they basically took American taxpayer dollars and started a bonfire with it In light of the fact that key investigators are severely compromised, this case is just a witch hunt that s gone off the rails. A few key details about the fired anti-Trump investigator who wasn t fired but moved to Human Resources by Comey:Peter Strzok sent anti-Trump messages to his  girlfriend   aka mistress then was just moved to HR. He s a part of the Comey/McCabe group. He handled the Fake Trump Dossier inside the FBI alongside McCabe. He was hand-picked by Comey to run the Hillary e-mail investigation. He was also hand-picked by Mueller for the senior investigative staff. Coincidences like this simply don t exist .BURNING YOUR HARD-EARNED DOLLARS:The Department of Justice revealed on Tuesday that nearly $7 million has been spent so far on the investigation into Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.The costs cover a five-month period from May 17, when the Department of Justice appointed Robert Mueller as special counsel for the Russia investigation, to Sept. 30, the end of the fiscal year, CNN reports.Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosentstein authorized the budget for the probe.The expenditures can be divided into two main categories: approximately $3.2 million spent by Mueller, and an additional $3.5 million spent on other Department of Justice components to support the investigation, including investigators from the FBI. Tuesday s revelation marks the first time the public has learned about how much taxpayer money has been spent on the Russia investigation.Congress has also been investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election, with multiple congressional committees conducting their own probes in both the House and Senate.Mueller s investigation has so far resulted in President Donald Trump s former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, pleading guilty to lying to the FBI about his contacts with the Russian ambassador to the U.S., and the indictment of Trump s former campaign manager, Paul Manafort, along with a longtime business associate.",0
15899,JUST IN: SUPREME COURT Rules On Trump Travel Ban,"Another winner for America and for President Trump! The Supreme Court ruled in favor of the travel ban! Guess who voted against it Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor said they would have left the lower court orders in place. Is anyone surprised by the two lefty judges? Not us!Fox News reports:Handing the White House a huge judicial victory, the U.S. Supreme Court on Monday ruled in favor of President Trump s travel ban affecting residents of six majority-Muslim countries.The justices said the policy can take full effect despite multiple legal challenges against it that haven t yet made their way through the court system.The ban applies to people from Syria, Chad, Iran, Libya, Somalia and Yemen.Lower courts had said people from those countries with a  bona fide  relationship with someone in the United States could not be prevented from entry.Grandparents and cousins were among the relatives courts said could not be excluded.The nine-member high court said in two one-page orders late Monday afternoon that lower court rulings that partly blocked the ban should be put on hold while appeals courts in Richmond, Va., and San Francisco take up the case.Liberal-leaning Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor said they would have left the lower court orders in place.Both courts are scheduled to hear arguments in those cases this week.Both courts are also dealing with the issue on an accelerated basis, and the Supreme Court noted it expects those courts to reach decisions  with appropriate dispatch. Quick resolution by appellate courts would allow the Supreme Court to hear and decide the issue this term, by the end of June.Trump s travel ban has been challenged in separate lawsuits by Hawaii and the American Civil Liberties Union. Both have argued the ban discriminates against Muslims and should not go into effect under immigration laws.",0
15900,FBI AGENT Who ‘Found Nothing’ on Huma and Anthony Weiner’s Laptops in Record Time Right Before Election is Same Agent FIRED by Mueller for Anti-Trump Texts,"Holy moly! We ve been covering the FBI agent who was fired for his  anti-Trump tweets but now this BOMBSHELL:The agent is the one who quickly looked over thousands of emails from the Weiner computer and said there was nothing there! You can bet this is now a big problem for the FBI. President Trump is correct when he says the  FBI is in tatters Reddit reported:OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE FIRED ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT: This is an interesting development in the Mueller investigation because we don t trust the FBI. Is this new news from the New York Times an effort to make Mueller and McCabe appear unbiased? We re not buying it because this guy was the lead investigator in the Hillary email case Really??? Talk about compromised! Please see our previous report below on the FBI giving  special status  to Hillary s email investigation.Robert Mueller kicked a  top FBI agent  off the special counsel investigation this summer over potential anti-Trump texts he sent, per a new report today.According to The New York Times, Peter Strzok not only  helped lead  the investigation into Hillary Clinton s emails, but he  played a major role  in the Trump-Russia investigation.But he is no longer on the investigation:Mr. Strzok was reassigned this summer from Mr. Mueller s investigation to the F.B.I. s human resources department, where he has been stationed since. The people briefed on the case said the transfer followed the discovery of text messages in which Mr. Strzok and a colleague reacted to news events, like presidential debates, in ways that could appear anti-Trump.ABC News reported back in August that Strzok had left the investigation, but said at the time  it s unclear why Strzok stepped away from Mueller s team of nearly two dozen lawyers, investigators and administrative staffers. And The Washington Post s report today on Strzok contains some rather, well, personal details:During the Clinton investigation, Strzok was involved in a romantic relationship with FBI lawyer Lisa Page, who worked for Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, according to the people familiar with the matter, who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue.The extramarital affair was problematic, these people said, but of greater concern among senior law enforcement officials were text messages the two exchanged during the Clinton investigation and campaign season, in which they expressed anti-Trump sentiments and other comments that appeared to favor Clinton Officials are now reviewing the communications to see if they show evidence of political bias in their work on the cases, a review which could result in a public report, according to people familiar with the matter. Via: mediaiteFBI INVESTIGATORS GAVE  SPECIAL STATUS  TO HILLARY:Friday on Fox News Channel s  Fox & Friends,  Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) said evidence had been uncovered showing that the FBI gave the investigation of 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s improper use of an unauthorized email server while secretary of state a  special status. According to the Florida Republican, who is also a member of the House Judiciary Committee, the process afforded to Clinton was different than it would have been for  any other American. We now have evidence that the FBI s investigation of Hillary Clinton did not follow normal and standard procedures,  he said.  The current deputy director of the FBI Andrew McCabe sent emails just weeks before the presidential election saying that the Hillary Clinton investigation would be special   that it would be handled by a small team at headquarters, that it would be given special status. GOETZ CALLED FOR AN IMMEDIATE INVESTIGATION: I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton. Rep. Gaetz: ""I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton."" #IngrahamAngle pic.twitter.com/EHkQfyeWDK  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 22, 2017Ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee Goetz is calling for an investigation into why Hillary Clinton s FBI case was labelled  special  by the FBI s Andrew McCabe:The Hill reports:Shortly before last year s election, FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe wrote an email on his official government account stating that the Hillary Clinton email probe had been given  special  status, according to documents released Wednesday.McCabe s Oct. 23, 2016, email to press officials in the FBI said the probe was under the control of a small group of high-ranking people at the FBI s headquarters in Washington. As I now know the decision was made to investigate it at HQ with a small team,  McCabe wrote in the email. He said he had no input when the Clinton email investigation started in summer 2015, while he was serving as assistant director in charge of the FBI s Washington office. [The Washington office] provided some personnel for the effort but it was referred to as a  special  and I was not given any details about it,  he wrote.FBI officials on Wednesday night refused to answer what McCabe meant by calling the Clinton email probe a  special  or why it was restricted to a small team at headquarters when it began. We don t have anything to add to the documents that were released,  bureau spokeswoman Carol Cratty wrote The Hill.The note was contained in more than 70 pages of emails the FBI released on its public records site known as The Vault.The emails chronicled McCabe s efforts to address a separate controversy involving his wife s 2015 campaign for political office.McCabe s references to a  special  status for the Clinton probe are likely to be used as ammunition by Republican lawmakers critical of former FBI Director James Comey s handling of the Clinton investigation.Remember that the DOJ s Loretta Lynch also wanted Clinton s case to be called an  incident  and not an investigation. It looks like all intel agencies were doing all they could to protect Clinton. Was it to save themselves from exposure in the Uranium One case or something else?",0
15901,JUST IN: GENERAL FLYNN CALLS With Russian Ambassador Approved By Obama Administration,"General Michael Flynn released the statement below: After over 33 years of military service to our country, including nearly five years in combat away from my family, and then my decision to continue to serve the United States, it has been extraordinarily painful to endure these many months of false accusations of  treason  and other outrageous acts. Such false accusations are contrary to everything I have ever done and stood for. But I recognize that the actions I acknowledged in court today were wrong, and, through my faith in God, I am working to set things right. My guilty plea and agreement to cooperate with the Special Counsel s Office reflect a decision I made in the best interests of my family and of our country. I accept full responsibility for my actions. ",0
15902,JUST IN: Flynn to Plead Guilty to Lying to the FBI,"The broader story in this entire Russia witch hunt is if the one count on Flynn announced today is a plea deal. Flynn is being charged with only one count so this raises red flags There has been talk that Flynn would do what he could to protect his son who is also involved in this witch hunt The crime is not the substance but the cover-up of conversations Flynn had with the Russian ambassador. This is exactly what President Trump fired Flynn for Fox News is reporting:Former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn has been charged in the special counsel s Russia investigation with making false statements to the FBI and is expected to plead guilty at a hearing Friday morning.Special Counsel Robert Mueller s office released a one-count charging document ahead of the hearing.ABC News is reporting that this is a plea deal and that Flynn will assist in the witch hunt:Flynn s plea signals the former top adviser to Trump is now cooperating with the team of Special Counsel Robert Mueller. A brief statement released by Mueller s team Friday morning does not say what information Flynn has provided the government as part of this deal, but sources familiar with the agreement told ABC News Friday he has made a decision to assist investigators.THE DOCUMENT ACCUSING FLYNN:The document accusing Flynn of making false statements pertains to his interactions with Russian officials in late December   specifically discussions about sanctions and other matters.According to the document, those statements were that: On or about Dec 29, 2016, FLYNN did not ask the Government of Russia s Ambassador to the United States ( Russian Ambassador ) to refrain from escalating situation in response to sanctions that the United States had imposed against Russia that same day; and FLYNN did not recall the Russian Ambassador subsequently telling him that Russia had chosen to moderate its response to those sanctions as a result of his request; and   On or about December 22, 2016, FLYNN did not ask the Russian Ambassador to delay the vote on or defeat a pending United Nations Security Council resolution; and  that the Russian Ambassador subsequently never described to FLYNN Russia  response to his request. Flynn is accused of  willfully and knowingly  making the false statements to the FBI while serving in the Trump administration.",0
15903,DEMOCRATS OUTRAGED…But You’ll Love What Rex Tillerson is Doing to the Bloated State Department,"The story below from the liberal New York Times is hysterical! Rex Tillerson is sweeping the State Department clean! The angle of the NYT article is one of horror and shock that Tillerson could let these lifers in the bloated bureaucracy of the State Department go in such large numbers. How dare he! LOL!5 MINUTES AND YOU RE OUTTA HERE:Of all the State Department employees who might have been vulnerable in the staff reductions that Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson has initiated as he reshapes the department, the one person who seemed least likely to be a target was the chief of security, Bill A. Miller.Mr. Miller got just five minutes with the secretary of state, the former officials said. Afterward, Mr. Miller, a career Foreign Service officer, was pushed out, joining a parade of dismissals and early retirements that has decimated the State Department s senior ranks. Mr. Miller declined to comment.DEMOCRATS GO NUTS OVER  HOLLOWING-OUT  OF DEPARTMENT:Democratic members of the House Foreign Relations Committee wrote a letter to Tillerson citing what they said was  the exodus of more than 100 senior Foreign Service officers from the State Department since January . They expressed concern about  what appears to be the intentional hollowing-out of our senior diplomatic ranks. Career diplomats are outta here! Tillerson has also slashed the State Department budget by 31 percent! This is great!Tillerson has also frozen hiring and offered payouts to many career employees He s hoping to reduce the State Department workforce by 2,000! Yes, 2,000!MAGA! ",0
15904,GOP EVIDENCE: Comey FBI Busted Giving Clinton ‘Special Status’…Those Responsible STILL At FBI! [Video],"Friday on Fox News Channel s  Fox & Friends,  Rep. Matt Gaetz (R-FL) said evidence had been uncovered showing that the FBI gave the investigation of 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton s improper use of an unauthorized email server while secretary of state a  special status. According to the Florida Republican, who is also a member of the House Judiciary Committee, the process afforded to Clinton was different than it would have been for  any other American. We now have evidence that the FBI s investigation of Hillary Clinton did not follow normal and standard procedures,  he said.  The current deputy director of the FBI Andrew McCabe sent emails just weeks before the presidential election saying that the Hillary Clinton investigation would be special   that it would be handled by a small team at headquarters, that it would be given special status. GOETZ CALLED FOR AN IMMEDIATE INVESTIGATION: I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton. Rep. Gaetz: ""I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton."" #IngrahamAngle pic.twitter.com/EHkQfyeWDK  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 22, 2017Ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee Goetz is calling for an investigation into why Hillary Clinton s FBI case was labelled  special  by the FBI s Andrew McCabe:The Hill reports:Shortly before last year s election, FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe wrote an email on his official government account stating that the Hillary Clinton email probe had been given  special  status, according to documents released Wednesday.McCabe s Oct. 23, 2016, email to press officials in the FBI said the probe was under the control of a small group of high-ranking people at the FBI s headquarters in Washington. As I now know the decision was made to investigate it at HQ with a small team,  McCabe wrote in the email. He said he had no input when the Clinton email investigation started in summer 2015, while he was serving as assistant director in charge of the FBI s Washington office. [The Washington office] provided some personnel for the effort but it was referred to as a  special  and I was not given any details about it,  he wrote.FBI officials on Wednesday night refused to answer what McCabe meant by calling the Clinton email probe a  special  or why it was restricted to a small team at headquarters when it began. We don t have anything to add to the documents that were released,  bureau spokeswoman Carol Cratty wrote The Hill.The note was contained in more than 70 pages of emails the FBI released on its public records site known as The Vault.The emails chronicled McCabe s efforts to address a separate controversy involving his wife s 2015 campaign for political office.McCabe s references to a  special  status for the Clinton probe are likely to be used as ammunition by Republican lawmakers critical of former FBI Director James Comey s handling of the Clinton investigation.Remember that the DOJ s Loretta Lynch also wanted Clinton s case to be called an  incident  and not an investigation. It looks like all intel agencies were doing all they could to protect Clinton. Was it to save themselves from exposure in the Uranium One case or something else?",0
15905,JUDICIARY MEMBER: Why was FBI’s Case on Clinton Labelled ‘Special’ Status? [Video]," I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton. Rep. Gaetz: ""I am immediately calling for an investigation into the special treatment that the FBI gave Hillary Clinton."" #IngrahamAngle pic.twitter.com/EHkQfyeWDK  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 22, 2017Ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee Goetz is calling for an investigation into why Hillary Clinton s FBI case was labelled  special  by the FBI s Andrew McCabe:The Hill reports:Shortly before last year s election, FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe wrote an email on his official government account stating that the Hillary Clinton email probe had been given  special  status, according to documents released Wednesday.McCabe s Oct. 23, 2016, email to press officials in the FBI said the probe was under the control of a small group of high-ranking people at the FBI s headquarters in Washington. As I now know the decision was made to investigate it at HQ with a small team,  McCabe wrote in the email. He said he had no input when the Clinton email investigation started in summer 2015, while he was serving as assistant director in charge of the FBI s Washington office. [The Washington office] provided some personnel for the effort but it was referred to as a  special  and I was not given any details about it,  he wrote.FBI officials on Wednesday night refused to answer what McCabe meant by calling the Clinton email probe a  special  or why it was restricted to a small team at headquarters when it began. We don t have anything to add to the documents that were released,  bureau spokeswoman Carol Cratty wrote The Hill.The note was contained in more than 70 pages of emails the FBI released on its public records site known as The Vault.The emails chronicled McCabe s efforts to address a separate controversy involving his wife s 2015 campaign for political office.McCabe s references to a  special  status for the Clinton probe are likely to be used as ammunition by Republican lawmakers critical of former FBI Director James Comey s handling of the Clinton investigation.Remember that the DOJ s Loretta Lynch also wanted Clinton s case to be called an  incident  and not an investigation. It looks like all intel agencies were doing all they could to protect Clinton. Was it to save themselves from exposure in the Uranium One case or something else?",0
15906,DIRTY POOL! FBI AND DOJ Just Affirmed They Spied On Trump WITHOUT Proving Dossier’s Authenticity,"How dirty is this? The powers-that-be at the intelligence agencies didn t follow the proper channels before opening up spying on the Trump campaign! They needed proof that the Trump dossier is authentic but never received that proof. They moved forward with the spying anyway! What dirty rats these Democrats are!FBI and Justice Department officials have told congressional investigators in recent days that they have not been able to verify or corroborate the substantive allegations of collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign outlined in the Trump dossier.The FBI received the first installment of the dossier in July 2016. It received later installments as they were written at the height of the presidential campaign, which means the bureau has had more than a year to investigate the allegations in the document.The dossier was financed by the Hillary Clinton campaign and compiled by former British spy Christopher Steele.An August 24, 2017 subpoena from the House Intelligence Committee to the FBI and Justice Department asked for information on the bureau s efforts to validate the dossier. Specifically, the subpoena demanded  any documents, if they exist, that memorialize DOJ and/or FBI efforts to corroborate, validate, or evaluate information provided by Mr. Steele and/or sub-sources and/or contained in the  Trump Dossier. According to sources familiar with the matter, neither the FBI nor the Justice Department has provided documents in response to that part of the committee s subpoena. But in face-to-face briefings with congressional staff, according to those sources, FBI and DOJ officials have said they cannot verify the dossier s charges of a conspiracy between the Russian government and the Trump campaign.Read more: WE",0
15907,YEA! GOP SENATOR GOES OFF On Liberal Dem Spouting Lies About Trump Tax Plan: ‘GIMME A BREAK!’ [Video],"Dem Sherrod Brown and GOP Senator Orrin Hatch go at it! They were discussing the tax plan and Hatch let Brown know he doesn t appreciate the class warfare propaganda THE MIDDLE CLASS WINS WITH TRUMP TAX PLAN:The Senate s plan to rewrite the tax code would go much further than a competing House proposal toward making good on Republican promises to focus on the middle class, a new report shows.Moderate-income people would consistently see the largest percentage declines in their tax bills, according to an analysis released late Saturday by the official, nonpartisan Joint Committee on Taxation.In 2019, people in the middle of the income spectrum, earning between $50,000 and $70,000, would see their taxes fall by 7.1 percent. Those earning between $20,000 and $30,000 would see a 10.4 percent decline, the report shows, while millionaires would get a 5.3 percent tax cut.Unlike with the House plan, that trend holds up throughout the period over which JCT analyzed the Senate proposal. In 2027, for example, millionaires would get a 2.8 percent tax cut from the Senate plan, compared with a 6.1 percent decline for people in the middle and a 10.3 percent reduction for those earning between $20,000 and $30,000.How Republicans  tax plans would affect people in different income groups has been a hotly contested issue in Congress, with the GOP contending its plans are aimed at the middle class while Democrats call them a giveaway to the rich.The House proposal would have a muddled impact on people in different income groups, JCT found earlier this month. At first, modest-income people would be its biggest winners, but the outlook changes after the first few years. Some modest-income people would face tax increases under the House plan, JCT found, and by 2027, millionaires would be its biggest winners.The analysis of the Senate plan, which the Finance Committee plans to formally take up on Monday, shows people in every income cohort receiving a tax cut on average, though it did not examine whether some people within those groups would face tax increases.",0
15908,FBI UNDERCOVER Informant On Hillary’s 2010 Sale Of Uranium Identified,"The FBI informant who went undercover to look into Hillary Clinton s role in an Obama administration-era uranium company was identified yesterday in an exclusive from Reuters:William Campbell, a Russian lobbyist, is the informant, according to Reuters. He will be testifying before a congressional committee about the 2010 sale of Uranium One, where a Russian-backed company bought a uranium firm with mines in the U.S. Campbell gave information to the FBI about what he saw while undercover as an informant. I have worked with the Justice Department undercover for several years, and documentation relating to Uranium One and political influence does exist and I have it    William CampbellCongressional committees have previously tried to interview Campbell, as he was undercover for roughly five years, working to get information on Russia s efforts to grow its atomic energy business in the U.S.Department of Justice spokeswoman Sarah Isgur Flores told The Hill that a deal was reached in late October, clearing the informant to talk to Congress for the first time   almost eight years after he first went undercover.Two House chairmen also announced a probe in late October which is digging into new reports about Russian efforts to influence the Uranium One nuclear purchase that gave Russia control of roughly 20 percent of America s uranium.When Clinton served as secretary of state, Russia routed millions of dollars to the Clinton Foundation, and former President Bill Clinton collected hundreds of thousands of dollars in Russian speaking fees as part of Russian efforts to influence the U.S. government to approve the deal, The Hill reported.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE GAG ORDER THAT HAS BEEN LIFTED BY SESSIONS:LAWYER FOR FBI INFORMANT: My Client Knows What Russians Were Saying During Bribery of Clintons [VIDEO]Campbell s attorney, Victoria Toensing, said on Fox Business that former attorneys general under the Obama administration are the reason her client hasn t been able to  tell what all the Russians were talking about during the time that all these bribery payments were made. The lawyer for the FBI informant under a gag order that prevents him from going before Congress spoke out about what s to come with the Clinton/Russia Uranium story:Fox Business reported: An informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is under a gag order that prevents him from testifying before the United States Congress that Russian nuclear officials were involved in fraudulent dealings in 2009 before the Uranium One deal was approved.Former Attorney General Loretta Lynch blocked the informant from testifying last year and threatened criminal action against him if he were to do so.In an interview with FOX Business  Lou Dobbs, Victoria Toensing, the attorney representing the FBI informant, said she has never heard of a criminal penalty for breaching a non-disclosure agreement (NDA). If it does and it is unconstitutional and it s invalid, if it prohibits my client from giving information to the legislature, the executive cannot say to people,  Hey, you can t give information to another body of the government,  Toensing said.KEY POINTS: The Republican leadership was blocking the investigation into both Benghazi and the Russia uranium scandal involving Clinton.The NDA (gag order) is unconstitutional and Toensing says this type of gag order has a criminal penalty. She says she s never heard of this type of gag order.Victoria Toensing is one of the best lawyers in DC and will get to the bottom of this one way or another. The plot thickens on this one Read more: Daily Caller",0
15909,JUST IN: Anti-Putin Banker Claims Firm Tied To Clinton Campaign Assisted Russians In Effort ‘To Have Me Imprisoned And Killed’,"One of the many targets of the opposition research firm Fusion GPS is accusing them of assisting the Kremlin in its effort to have him  imprisoned and killed. The strong allegation comes from Bill Browder, a London-based banker who spearheaded the Magnitsky Act, a sanctions law vehemently opposed by the Russian government.Browder made the allegation in response to the recent revelation that Fusion GPS and its founder Glenn Simpson compiled what he says is false information about him that was given to Yuri Chaika, Russia s prosecutor general, and to Donald Trump Jr. during the infamous June 2016 Trump Tower meeting. If it is true that Glenn Simpson was supplying information about me to the Russian government, it s far more serious than smear campaigning or Foreign Agents Registration Act violations,  said Browder, the head of Hermitage Capital. It would mean that Simpson was assisting the Putin regime in their plot to get me back to Russia to have me imprisoned and killed.It was previously known that the Washington, D.C-based Fusion GPS s investigation of Browder was beneficial to the Russian government and its effort to reverse the Magnitsky Act. But it was revealed only last week that information Fusion collected on Browder was shared directly with Chaika, whose position is the Russian equivalent of the U.S. attorney general.Natalia Veselnitskaya, the Russian attorney who attended the Trump Tower meeting, is who provided both Chaika and Trump Jr. with the Fusion-generated information on Browder. She took a four-page report into the June 9, 2016 Trump Tower meeting, which was attended by Jared Kushner and then-campaign chairman Paul Manafort.Veselnitskaya worked with Simpson, a former Wall Street Journal reporter, on the anti-Browder project. Reuters reported on Thursday that Simpson compiled the research for the Trump Tower memo. And NBC News reported on Friday that similar research put together by Simpson was given by Veselnitskaya to Chaika in Oct. 2015.Browder, who was born in Chicago but is a British citizen, is a target of the Kremlin s ire because of his role in pushing through the Magnitsky Act, which passed Congress in 2012. The Russian government recently issued an Interpol arrest in an attempt to apprehend Browder. Vladimir Putin reportedly approved the move against the 53-year-old money manager, who wrote a book about his travails called  Red Notice,  a reference to the term used for Interpol warrants.Fusion GPS, which is based in Washington, D.C., became involved in the Browder matter after being hired by BakerHostetler, a law firm representing Denis Katsyv, a Russian businessman who faced penalties because of the Magnitsky Act.Simpson worked closely on the investigation with the Moscow-based Veselnitskaya, who represents Katsyv and his firm, Prevezon Holdings.Veselnitskaya s affiliation with Simpson is one of the stranger story lines arising from both the Trump Tower meeting and the dossier, which was funded by the Clinton campaign and DNC.Theories have circulated that Fusion GPS arranged the Trump Tower meeting in order to compromise the Trump campaign or that Simpson relayed details of the meeting provided by Veselnitskaya to Christopher Steele, the former British spy who wrote the dossier.Fusion was being paid for its dossier work at the same time it was being paid by BakerHostetler to investigate Browder.Adding even more fuel to those theories was a report this week that Simpson and Veselnitskaya met just before and just after she attended the Trump Tower session:BUSTED! MEETING BETWEEN FUSION GPS AND RUSSIAN LAWYER BEFORE AND AFTER:The co-founder of Fusion GPS, the firm behind the unverified Trump dossier, met with a Russian lawyer before and after a key meeting she had last year with Trump Jr. The contacts shed new light on how closely tied the firm was to Russian interests, at a time when it was financing research to discredit then-candidate Donald Trump.The opposition research firm has faced renewed scrutiny after litigation revealed that the DNC and Hillary Clinton s campaign paid for that research. Congressional Republicans have since questioned whether that politically financed research contributed to the FBI s investigation of Russian collusion with the Trump campaign   making Fusion s 2016 contacts with Russian interests all the more relevant.DNC MONEY FUNNELED THROUGH LAW FIRM TO FUSION GPS?The June 2016 Trump Tower meeting involving Donald Trump Jr. and Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya occurred during a critical period. Bank records show Fusion GPS was paid by a law firm for work on behalf of a Kremlin-linked oligarch while paying a former British spy Christopher Steele to dig up dirt on Trump through his Russian contacts.But hours before the Trump Tower meeting on June 9, 2016, Fusion co-founder and ex-Wall Street Journal reporter Glenn Simpson was with Veselnitskaya in a Manhattan federal courtroom. Court records show email correspondence and published reports corroborate the pair s presence together. They also were together after the Trump Tower meeting.Read more: Fox NewsRead more: Daily Caller",0
15910,PRESIDENT TRUMP Makes Room Erupt in Laughter with Hilarious Story At State Banquet In Japan [Video],"President Trump spoke at the State Banquet during his visit to Japan. He told a hilarious story about first meeting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe after the election. This was just one example of many from the Asia trip where President Trump succeeded in diplomacy and becoming closer to world leaders he visited. Even though the biased media didn t cover the trip, it was a success in so many ways: The story begins at the 3:50 point President Trump s Asia trip was such a success the video above is a testament to the friendly relations between Japan and the U.S.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE JAPANESE PM AND POTUS: JAPAN S PM FLIPS BACKWARDS!Japan s prime minister did something so discreetly that not even President Trump saw it! You won t believe this:The prime minister said his round of golf with visiting President Donald Trump was a good chance to relax and discuss difficult issues. It also was an opportunity to display some nimble gymnastics, according to Japan s TV Tokyo. The television network flew a helicopter over the Kasumigaseki Country Club on Sunday to capture the highly anticipated informal game.HERE S WHAT HAPPENED:It broadcast a video showing a player identified as Prime Minister Shinzo Abe trying repeatedly to hit his ball out of a steep bunker. As he finally made the shot, Trump began walking away, and Abe ran up the side of the bunker to catch up. But just as the 63-year-old prime minister stepped onto the grass, he slipped, making a backward flip down into the sand. He quickly stood up and picked up his cap.Trump apparently never noticed the flip as he walked away, his back to Abe. An attendant raking the sand also continued his work.Tabloid magazines raised questions over whether the two leaders really talked during the game. The popular Nikkan Gendai said they had little conversation, with Abe often falling behind Trump, who reportedly spent much of his time chatting with a third player, renowned Japanese pro Hideki Matsuyama. READ MORE: SFGATE",0
15911,FORMER FBI ASST DIRECTOR LETS IT RIP! Comey’s a ‘Political Hack’…Sessions is in a ‘Coma’ [Video],"James Kallstrom is the former Assistant Director of the FBI who is no fan of former FBI Director James Comey. We ve reported several times on Kallstrom s very blunt take on the politicization of the intelligence community (see below). Check out his awesome take on how Comey  folded Wow!Kallstrom tells it like it is in his latest interview: James Comey, the notion that Barack Obama was going to let Hillary Clinton was going to be indicted that was obvious to anybody who knows anything at the very beginning  Unfortunately, it turns out he was a political hack  I think he maybe started out in an honorable way. His opinion of himself is sky high. Unbelievable guy. Just an arrogance about him  I think he thought he was Superman and found out he wasn t. The dogs are always going to bite you on your heels when you re dealing with the Clintons. Look how long the American people have been dealing with the crime syndicate known as the Clinton Foundation  We got all these major crime things bubbling   All of which are 20 times bigger than Watergate! And nothing seems to be happening  The Attorney General is in a coma! James Kallstrom, former FBI Assistant Director, said he is  glad it happened.   Daily CallerKallstrom endorsed Donald Trump for president He said he feels like America is  going down the tubes . We should listen to this man! He s been in the belly of the FBI beast and knows the truth. ",0
15912,CLASSLESS CLINTONS Spew Coordinated Lies Against Trump On Late Night Shows: Imply Trump is a Dictator [Video],"Bill Clinton went on the Conan show and spewed bitterness towards President Trump At one point, he insinuated that Trump is a  member of the dictator s Club . He and Conan are both guilty of slamming our president while he s overseas trying to deal with the North Koreans and Chinese. The left will never stop with their bashing of Trump on a very personal level. It s not about policy but about name calling and nasty political games. Can you imagine if Obama had been treated even remotely like this? At one point in the interview Clinton says he thinks Trump is  winging it What a jack wagon! This is a coordinated effort between the former president and his grifter wife to bash Trump. See the video below where Hillary claims she s worried about Trump s government Sure she is  Did you catch the propaganda Clinton spewed about how America needs to import more  immigrants ? This globalist is a traitor to Americans who are jobless. Do we really need to import more needy people? No! Bill and Hillary Clinton both went on late night shows to spew hate for President Trump. No class! These two grifters have been fleecing the American people for over 25 years! Can they just go away already? HILLARY SAYS SHE S WORRIED ABOUT TRUMP S GOVERNMENT: This was obviously a coordinated effort to bash Trump as inept. Shame on her!Did you notice the arrogance with both of these grifters? It s sickening!",0
15913,OBAMA HID BIN LADEN PAPERS To Bury This Damning Evidence That Could Have Cost Him 2012 Election,"The Obama administration s well guarded Osama bin Laden documents were released on Wednesday by CIA director Mike Pompeo. The documents were seized in a raid after U.S. SEAL Rob O Neill killed Osama bin Laden. The Obama administration basically politicized the intelligence agencies when they hand-picked just a few of the 470,000 documents to release. They hid damning evidence that could have hurt Obama s chance at reelection in 2012 .OBAMA RAN THE CLOCK OUT AL QAEDA WAS NOT  ON THE RUN :Steve Hayes of the Weekly Standard:  In a manner of speaking, Barack Obama wanted what al Qaeda already had: a mutually beneficial partnership with Tehran. Revealing to the American people the truth about Osama bin Laden s cozy working relationship with the Iranian government might have fatally undermined that diplomatic quest, just as the ongoing vitality of al Qaeda, amply testified to in the bin Laden documents, would have contradicted Obama s proud claims in 2012 that al Qaeda was  on the run.  So Obama, with the eager cooperation of some in the intelligence community, bottled up the bin Laden documents and ran out the clock.IRAN S CLOSE TIES TO AL QAEDA COULD HURT THE IRAN DEAL:Within the documents is an assessment by a senior jihadist with al Qaeda   Tehran ties: how Iran supplied  everything needed,  including  money, arms  and  training in Hezbollah camps in Lebanon,  including safe haven for other jihadis, the New York Post reported.The assessment is raising questions as to how much then-President Obama knew about Iran s ties to al Qaeda before making his controversial deal. And it points to the reason why the former administration might have kept the documents under lock and key.The Obama White House had this information for five years before making the nuclear deal that critics argued would ultimately make it easier for the terror state to build nuclear weapons. Bin Laden had called Iran a  main artery for funds, personnel and communication  for al Qaeda, the Post reported.That wasn t the only suspicious dealing Obama had with Iran. In August 2016, Republicans were furious over a reported deal Obama had made to release American hostages in Iran.The former administration denied paying $400 million in  ransom  for the hostages, arguing that it was part of a legal settlement in a long-standing case. However, it was only the first of three payments to the Iranians totaling $1.3 billion that took place after the hostage release, as the Wall Street Journal disclosed. And strikingly, much of the case came by way of plane-loads of cash in international currencies.But the revelations about bin Laden and the former administration don t end there.MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD CONNECTIONS TO BIN LADEN:In one of the 10,000 videos files contained within the newly released documents, bin Laden is asked to name is his influences. The terrorist leader didn t hesitate, The National reported. From a religious aspect, I was committed within the Muslim Brotherhood. Bin Laden also suggested the Muslim Brotherhood sponsored his first trip as a young jihadi. It was the first time I travelled to a country where I did not know the language,  he writes.  I carried a pistol and went. The Brotherhood, they had poor knowledge about things. If they knew, I would not have had to travel through Syria to Antakya 12 hours by bus to reach Istanbul. It was easier from Jeddah to Istanbul by plane. Three hours by plane. MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD CONNECTIONS TO CLINTONS:Critics of the Muslim Brotherhood have long warned of its terror affiliation and infiltration into the West. One Brotherhood official Gehad el-Haddad was arrested two years ago in Cairo for inciting violence. El-Haddad (pictured below) previously worked as an executive for the Clinton Foundation. Via: BPR",0
15914,MUELLER’S FBI RAID Of Paul Manafort and Wife Proves Special Council’s Agents Playing Too Rough,"The intimidation tactics of Mueller s FBI are way off base according to reports that claim Mrs. Manafort was  manhandled :Just how rough special counsel Robert Mueller is playing with Paul Manafort goes back before this week s indictment   to the FBI s no-knock raid in July.It has been reported that the agents checked Mr. Manafort and wife Kathleen for guns as they broke into the Alexandria condo pre-dawn by picking the lock.A source familiar with the case told The Washington Times the search was even more intrusive: An agent patted down Mrs. Manafort before she was allowed to get out of bed. Agents felt up Mrs. Manafort lying in bed to see if she had guns,  the source said of the intimidation.In all, 12 FBI agents entered the home, guns drawn, and stayed for hours.The aggressive search of a prone sleepy woman is, the source said, a hallmark of Mr. Mueller s top prosecutor, Andrew Weissmann. A former mob prosecutor in New York, he specializes in turning witnesses against bigger prey and is not afraid to make things rough for spouses, too. Weissmann will want to maximize the trauma to his family,  said Sidney Powell, a Dallas appeals attorney critical of his tactics.A spokesman for the special counsel s office declined to comment.Via: WT",0
15915,“A BEAUTIFUL CHRISTMAS PRESENT”: How Tax Brackets Could Change Under Republican Tax Plan,"PRESIDENT TRUMP CALLED THE TAX PLAN A  BEAUTIFUL CHRISTMAS PRESENT :Republican leaders announced their plan today that cuts taxes and shrinks the number of tax brackets:The tax plan released by House Republicans would shrink the number of tax brackets from seven to four.The seven currently in effect for joint filers are:Under the GOP House proposal, the brackets would be:President Trump on Thursday called the tax reform plan unveiled by House Republicans  a big beautiful Christmas present  for the American people. I consider that to be one of the greatest Christmas presents. We are working to give the American people a giant tax cut for Christmas. We are giving them a big beautiful Christmas present in the form of a tremendous tax cut,  trump said from the Oval Office during an appearance with Broadcom Ltd. CEO Hock Tan, who with Trump announced that his $100 billion semiconductor company based in Singapore would legally relocate its home address to the US. It will be the biggest cut in the history of our country. It will also be tax reform and it will create jobs. We will make the tax code simpler and fairer. We will restore our competitive edge by reducing business taxes for the first time in more than 30 years,  the president said.KEY THINGS INCLUDED:1.) Lowers corporate tax and it still the highest in the modern world 2.) Middle class taxes go down 3.) 401 savings can now go up to $18,000 4.) All houses under a half million dollars still enjoy the tax credit benefit 5.) The 20% top earners still pay 90% of the taxes..Read more: NYP ",0
15916,LAWYER FOR FBI INFORMANT Knows of Russian Bribery and Info ‘That Involves the Clintons’ [Video],"DC lawyer Victoria Toensing is one smart cookie. She s representing a former FBI informant who has evidence on kickbacks and bribery involving the transportation of uranium in the US. She recently told Sean Hannity her client will brief Congress about Russian involvement in the U.S. uranium market. This includes widespread bribery and actions that involved the Clintons I m not going into detail,  attorney Victoria Toensing said on the Oct. 24 Hannity.  You know that, Sean. But the informant will give an overview and specific conversations that he had with Russians in what they were thinking about the money that they were spending. I mean, let me just be that general and it involves the Clintons. The director of the FBI at that time was Robert Mueller, and he is now the special counsel investigating alleged Russian collusion with the 2016 Trump campaign. The undercover investigation involving Toensing s client occurred between 2009 and 2014, and the senior attorney on the case was Rod Rosenstein, who is now the deputy attorney general of the United States and the official who appointed Mueller as special counsel.Further, all this information indicates that many senior Obama administration officials knew about instances of bribery and money laundering involving at least one Russian official, at a time when Russia wanted to expand its uranium market in the United States, and when the administration through a special committee had to approve or deny the sale of a company, Vancouver-based Uranium One, to Rosatom. (Rosatom is the Russian State Atomic Energy Corporation.)Some of the people on that Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States included then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Attorney General Eric Holder, Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napalitano, and Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner.The committee approved the sale of Uranium One to Rosatom in October 2010. That sale gave Russia, and President Vladimir Putin, control over 20% of U.S. uranium production. (At least nine investors in Uranium One   prior to, during, and after that sale   donated $145 million to the Clinton Foundation.) So, Mueller, [Rod] Rosenstein, maybe even [James] Comey at the time, and the president of the United States   certainly Eric Holder was the head of the DOJ   they all knew that they had all this evidence that the Russians had infiltrated with the purpose of a criminal enterprise to corner the market on uranium, the foundational material of nuclear weapons?  asked Hannity.Toensing said,  That is correct. Via: cns news",0
15917,THE ONE PARAGRAPH You Need To Read From The JFK Files That Could Change Everything,"President Trump announced the release of the remaining JFK assassination files today. He s really trying to be transparent and release everything. We ve provided the link below to the National Archives file but it may take more time to release the remaining files since he just announced a few hours ago.We re open to all possibilities with the JFK assassination. We would really like to know what our readers think about the information below. Do you think it s a possibility that there were two shooters or is it just not possible?TruePundit.com warns that one haunting paragraph unearthed from 3,000 never-before-seen documents will shake Patriots to their core about the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.Or perhaps worse. Make that haunting three paragraphs.This is not pretty.See for yourself.As a reminder, here is the position of the alleged shooter explained So how do  they  explain this From Jan 31st 1964 FBI memo For clarity the  Surgeon General s Report  on the assassination stated that the first bullet entered the President s throat below the adams apple, clearly showing that two persons were involved with the first shot being fired from the bridge across the park way in front of the car.To further substantiate this, POTITO said there was a bullet hole in the wind shield of the President s car Not exactly the narrative that was sold to the world   and certainly not the narrative that J. Edgar Hoover proclaimed must be defended to the world.PLEASE READ MORE AT ZERO HEDGEBREAKING: PRESIDENT TRUMP QUICKLY MADE THE REMAINING JFK FILES AVAILABLE TODAY:Wow! President Trump tweeted out earlier that he would be releasing the remaining JFK files. Shortly after that, he announced on twitter the release There may be some lag time before they re actually posted on the National Archives website but they will all be released.After strict consultation with General Kelly, the CIA and other Agencies, I will be releasing ALL #JFKFiles other than the names and  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 28, 2017THE FILES ARE AT THIS LINK:JFK ASASSINATION RECORDS The National Archives is releasing documents previously withheld in accordance with the JFK Assassination Records Collection Act. The vast majority of the Collection (88%) has been open in full and released to the public since the late 1990s. The records at issue are documents previously identified as assassination records, but withheld in full or withheld in part. Learn moreThese releases include FBI, CIA, and other agency documents (both formerly withheld in part and formerly withheld in full) identified by the Assassination Records Review Board as assassination records. The releases to date are as follows:July 24, 2017: 3,810 documents (read press release) October 26, 2017: 2,891 documents (read press release) Accessing the Release FilesTo view or download a released file, follow the link in the  File Number  column. You can also download the full spreadsheet with metadata about all the documents. The files are sorted by NARA Release Date, with the most recent files appearing first. The previous withholding status (i.e., formerly withheld in part or formerly withheld in full) is identified in the  Formerly Withheld Status  column.",0
15918,FBI INFORMANT Blows The Whistle on Obama DOJ’s Intimidation Tactics [VIDEO],"A former FBI informant who blew the whistle on a high-profile bribery case involving a Russian energy company was intimidated by Obama administration lawyers into dropping a civil suit against the government last year, his attorney says.WATCH: @BillHemmer's full interview w/ Victoria Toensing, the attorney for @FBI informant allegedly threatened by the Obama Administration. pic.twitter.com/MkBlH7Ilq0  Fox News (@FoxNews) October 27, 2017Victoria Toensing spoke to Bill Hemmer This Morning regarding threats to the FBI informant from Obama s DOJ: President Obama  thought it was just okay to threaten a witness who wanted to give information about corruption. Fox News Updated: LIBERTY AND REPUTATION IN JEOPARDY  Victoria Toensing, the lawyer for the informant, told The Daily Caller s Vince Coglianese that Obama Justice Department lawyers told her client that  his reputation and liberty [was] in jeopardy  if he did not drop a lawsuit against the government.On Wednesday, the Trump Justice Department released the informant from a confidentiality agreement, clearing the way for him to testify before several congressional committees about his undercover work at Uranium One, a Canada-based energy company that has ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton and their family foundation.In 2010, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), an inter-agency governmental committee that reviews applications for foreign purchases of companies, granted the Russia-owned energy company Rosatom the right to purchase Uranium One. Via: Daily Caller",0
15919,INVESTIGATION LAUNCHED: SECOND TRESPASSER May Have Been Near President Trump In U.S. Capitol [Video],"The news that a second man was able to sneak into the press gaggle inside the Capitol building earlier this week is a huge red flag. With all of the hate and leftist extremists out there, the security should be very tight. It s not Check out the news below that a second man bragged about being able to sneak into the press area:Congressional security officials Thursday were investigating a report of a second man who may have passed through security to join a press gaggle inside the U.S. Capitol building earlier this week awaiting President Trump, sources said.News of a possible second intruder came after another protester managed to infiltrate a group of reporters waiting for Trump, who had been meeting with lawmakers on Capitol Hill, the source told Fox News.The second person was described as a middle-aged man who stood about 6 feet, 3 inches tall and was dressed in a gray suit and bow tie. When asked by reporters who he worked for, the man replied,  I m a tourist,  and bragged about being able to sneak inside the Ohio Clock Corridor in the Capitol building. Via: FOX 5INVESTIGATION LAUNCHED INTO TRESPASSER WHO WAS ALREADY ON WATCH LIST:The liberal protester who earlier this week infiltrated a group of reporters in a secure area of the Capitol, tossed mini-Russian flags and shouted  treason  at President Trump had been on a watch list before Tuesday s incident, Fox News has learned.The protester was identified as Ryan Clayton, an activist from an anti-Trump group who was later arrested and charged with unlawful conduct.The U.S. Capitol Police Board is conducting an internal investigation into how someone without a press credential   and on a watch list   was able to slip into the secure area and get so close to the president. This was a monumental f up,  a senior congressional security source told Fox News.Clayton has been on a  watch list  kept by the Capitol Police, a source said, and was denied entry to the complex earlier that day when an officer recognized him at the Russell Senate Office Building.But later on, officers in a tunnel leading to the Capitol did not check his ID to see if he had a pass or badge, the source said. He used an outdated visitor s pass to enter the Capitol through a tunnel connecting the Rayburn House Office building. After clearing the security checkpoint, he made his way outside the Senate chamber, where he blended in with credentialed congressional reporters and stood just feet away from Trump.A source also said Clayton was in possession of a four-day old pass for the location of the House Sensitive Compartmentalized Information Facility, which is home to the House Intelligence Committee. Fox News is told there is no evidence so far that Clayton attempted to access that facility.PROTESTER ON WATCH LIST MAKES HIS WAY INTO PRESS GROUP TO THROW RUSSIAN FLAGS AT POTUS:As we previously reported: A protester on Tuesday shouted  Treason!  at President Trump and threw mini Russian flags at him as he arrived for a meeting with Senate Republicans: The unhinged left is at it again They only make themselves look like lunatics when they pull stunts like this:A protester threw Russian flags at President Trump on Tuesday as he entered the GOP policy lunch.The protester could be heard shouting  Trump is treason  as the president walked by.Random guy threw Russian flags at Trump and shouted  Trump is treason  pic.twitter.com/stVfDOtMAB  a da ch vez (@aidachavez_) October 24, 2017 Why are you talking about tax cuts when you should be talking about treason?  the man could be heard shouting in videos.He was later identified as Americans Take Action s Ryan Clayton.Clayton is known for expressing his anti-Trump views by tossing Russia flags. At the Conservative Political Action Conference in February, he spearheaded the distrubiton of over 1,000 Russian flags with Trump s name printed across the middle.Americans Take Action is anti-Trump, with tabs on its website dedicated to his impeachment,  Trump Puppets  and options to  Get Russian Trump Flags. Still unclear is how Clayton may have gotten into the press area, as security was extremely tight.Trump is huddling with Senate Republicans Tuesday on Capitol Hill in hopes of finding party unity.Republicans are in broad agreement about the need to pass tax reform, but are struggling to get on the same page as they begin a debate over legislation.THE IRONY IS THAT IT S THE CLINTONS AND THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION WHO ARE DEEP INTO RUSSIA:Devin Nunes just announced a probe into the Uranium One Deal that smells to high heaven of corruption and money laundering by the Clintons and the Obama administration:BREAKING: Devin Nunes announces probe into the #UraniumOneDeal. pic.twitter.com/c7p9mVdTYa  Based Monitored   (@BasedMonitored) October 24, 2017FBN S LOU DOBBS SPOKE WITH THE AUTHOR OF  CLINTON CASH :  Biggest scandal in the history of American politics While speaking with Peter Schweizer, the author of  Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich,  and Breitbart News senior editor-at-large on Friday, Fox Business Network host Lou Dobbs argued that the Uranium One deal could end up being the biggest scandal in the history of American politics.Dobbs said,  There is no clear statement as to why we would give up, for any reason, any price, 20% of our uranium in this country. And that is a question that is left open still unanswered. and secondly, have you ever heard of anyone putting $145 million, at one moment, into the hands of the Clinton foundation? And the answer is, of course not. These questions, most basic and fundamental, were armed by the very committee made up of the very agencies, departments, and individuals responsible for national security. this, this is the biggest Obama scandal. I think it may well turn out to be the biggest scandal in American political history. ",0
15920,DNC CHAIR PEREZ Says Trump ‘Didn’t Win’…Decides To Rewrite Constitution Without Electoral College…,"DNC chairman Tom Perez decided to create his own reality during a speech on Tuesday. This is such a Democrat thing they love to make up a false narrative and push it over and over to the sheeple who follow them. It s really pitiful that after so many months that all the Democrats have is this lie The electoral college is a brilliant creation because it gives balance to voters Would you want California and New York deciding our elections? That s what would happen without the electoral college. We bet that Perez already knows this but is counting on the uneducated voters to buy into it .Democratic National Committee chairman Tom Perez incorrectly stated  the Electoral College is not a creation of the Constitution  during a Tuesday night speech.(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.10';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));DNC Chair Tom Perez incorrectly claims  the Electoral College is not a creation of the Constitution Posted by Fox & Friends on Friday, October 27, 2017 The Electoral College is not a creation of the Constitution,  Perez said during a lecture at Indiana University Law School.  It doesn t have to be there. The Electoral College, a mechanism for indirect election of the president created by the Founding Fathers as a compromise between smaller states and larger states, is clearly laid out in Article II of the Constitution:  Each State shall appoint, in such Manner as the Legislature thereof may direct, a Number of Electors, equal to the whole Number of Senators and Representatives to which the State may be entitled in the Congress. Perez has previously stated that President Donald Trump  didn t win  last November s election because Hillary Clinton won the popular vote:Following his comment, Perez went on to explain his hopes that states agree to a  national popular vote compact,  in which states agree to give their allocated electoral votes to the winner of the national popular vote. There s a national popular vote compact in which a number of states have passed a bill that says, we will allocate our vote, our electoral votes, to the person who wins the national popular vote once other states totaling 170 electoral votes do the same,  Perez said.  I m frankly proud to tell you that the first state to pass such a law was Maryland. The main supporters of the plan put forward by Perez seem to understand it is a plan to circumvent the system created by the Constitution, not an argument that the system doesn t exist.The comment from Perez came during a lecture honoring former Indiana Democratic Sen. Birch Bayh, who was accused last year of sexual assault by a writer who said Bayh groped her in the backseat of a limousine. VIA: WFBOUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE ELECTORAL COLLEGE:PLEASE SHARE THIS WITH THE CLUELESS LEFT!   If the president were elected by unfiltered national vote, small and rural states would become irrelevant, and campaigns would spend their time in large, populous districts.   The Electoral College remains in place over two centuries after the framers of the Constitution empowered it to select presidents. Though occasionally maligned, this system of electing a chief executive has been incredibly successful for the American people.The Founding Fathers created the Electoral College after much debate and compromise, but it has provided stability to the process of picking presidents. Though the winner of the national popular vote typically takes the presidency, that vote failed to determine the winner in four elections: 1824, 1876, 1888, and 2000.Some see the Electoral College as a peculiar and mystifying institution that ensures only a few, select individuals will ever cast a direct vote for president in the United States. Others complain that the system rewards smaller states with more proportional power than the large ones.Every four years, around election time, there are murmurs about revamping the system and moving toward a direct, national popular vote.The Founders  CollegeAs one of The Heritage Foundations legal experts, Hans von Spakovsky, noted in a paper on the Electoral College:  In creating the basic architecture of the American government, the Founders struggled to satisfy each state s demand for greater representation while attempting to balance popular sovereignty against the risk posed to the minority from majoritarian rule. Some elements of the Electoral College, such as the indirect vote through intermediaries, were hotly debated at the 1787 Constitutional Convention. It was eventually justified in part as a stopgap to potentially reverse the vote if the people elected a criminal, traitor, or similar kind of heinous person. The Founders wanted to empower democratic elements in the American system, but they feared a kind of pure, unrestrained democracy that had brought down great republics of the past.The product of the Founders  compromise has been well balanced and enduring, and we would be wise to leave it intact.Alexander Hamilton defended the Electoral College in Federalist 68. He argued that it was important for the people as a whole to have a great deal of power in choosing their president, but it was also  desirable  that  the immediate election should be made by men most capable of analyzing the qualities adapted to the station, and acting under circumstances favorable to deliberation, and to a judicious combination of all the reasons and inducements which were proper to govern their choice. Hamilton also wrote that this system of intermediaries would produce a greater amount of stability, and that an     intermediate body of electors will be much less apt to convulse the community with any extraordinary or violent movements, than the choice of one who was himself to be the final object of the public wishes. As students of ancient history, the Founders feared the destructive passions of direct democracy, and as recent subjects of an overreaching monarch, they equally feared the rule of an elite unresponsive to the will of the people. The Electoral College was a compromise, neither fully democratic nor aristocratic.The Constitution states:Each state shall appoint, in such manner as the legislature thereof may direct, a number of electors, equal to the whole number of senators and representatives to which the state may be entitled in the Congress.In addition to balancing the protection of individual rights and majority rule, the Founding Fathers attempted to create a  federalist  system that would keep most of policymaking power reserved to states and localities. America s presidential election system also was designed to empower the states, not just the American people as an undifferentiated mass.The total number of electors and thus electoral votes across all states and the District of Columbia included after the passage of the 23rd Amendment adds up to 538. The winner must receive a majority, or 270, of these votes to become president.The system empowers states, especially smaller ones, because it incentivizes presidential candidates to appeal to places that may be far away from population centers. Farmers in Iowa may have very different concerns than bankers in New York. A more federalist system of electing presidents takes that into account.The states are free to select the method in which they choose their electors. In the early days of the republic, most states chose to have their legislatures pick electors, rather than the people. But, over time, the states shifted to choosing electors via the state s popular vote instead. Every state has opted for popular election at least since the Civil War.Calls to AbolishModern opponents of the Electoral College argue against what they call antidemocratic aspects of the institution, criticizing both the intermediary electors and the state-by-state system of voting.Calls to fundamentally change the Electoral College reached a peak after Republican George W. Bush defeated Democrat Al Gore in the tightly contested 2000 election. Gore narrowly won the national popular vote, and many of his supporters howled that the system even without the Supreme Court stepping in was unfair.One organization, National Popular Vote, has worked toward eliminating the Electoral College through an amendment to the Constitution or a state compact. National Popular Vote argues that the current system encourages presidential candidates to spend most of their time in  swing states  rather than campaigning for votes across the entire country.This plan for a national popular vote has received a moderate level of support, but Heritage s von Spakovsky has called it bad policy, based on mistaken assumptions. Swing states, he wrote,  can change from election to election, and many states that are today considered to be reliably  blue  or  red  in the presidential race were recently unpredictable. Many states have signed on to a bill that essentially would tie a state s electoral votes to the national popular vote. Those states will pledge to swing all of their electoral votes to the winner of the national vote.But this is because the incentives would be to appeal only to the biggest population centers. Swing states change over time, and the 2016 election could be a prime example of swing-state unpredictability and erosion of the traditional partisan political map.Additionally, if the president were elected by unfiltered national vote, small and rural states would become irrelevant, and campaigns would spend their time in large, populous districts.FINALLY ARE THE DEMOCRATS PROUD OF THIS DISGUSTING MAN WHO CURSES AND LIES?Read more: Daily Signal",0
15921,BREAKING NEWS ON CLINTON INFORMANT’S Gag Order Will Have Hillary Shaking In Her Pantsuit,"THIS IS HUGE! The DOJ has authorized the FBI Informant to speak with Congress concerning alleged corruption involving Clintons & Uranium One:BREAKING: DOJ authorizes FBI Informant to speak with Congress concerning alleged corruption involving Clintons & Uranium One. #MAGA #DTS  Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) October 25, 2017FOX NEWS REPORTED: In a statement, the department said it had authorized the informant to discuss the 2013 agreement   known as Uranium One   and related matters with the leaders of the Senate Judiciary Committee, the House Oversight committee, and the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence.Finally- @RepDeSantis:  It s about time  DOJ authorized FBI Informant to speak w/ congress about Clinton Uranium Corruption. #TrumpTrain pic.twitter.com/tBnUjZGzzF  Lou Dobbs (@LouDobbs) October 26, 2017OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE INFORMANT: The lawyer for the FBI informant under a gag order that prevents him from going before Congress spoke out about what s to come with the Clinton/Russia Uranium story:Fox Business reported: An informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is under a gag order that prevents him from testifying before the United States Congress that Russian nuclear officials were involved in fraudulent dealings in 2009 before the Uranium One deal was approved.Former Attorney General Loretta Lynch blocked the informant from testifying last year and threatened criminal action against him if he were to do so.In an interview with FOX Business  Lou Dobbs, Victoria Toensing, the attorney representing the FBI informant, said she has never heard of a criminal penalty for breaching a non-disclosure agreement (NDA). If it does and it is unconstitutional and it s invalid, if it prohibits my client from giving information to the legislature, the executive cannot say to people,  Hey, you can t give information to another body of the government,  Toensing said.KEY POINTS: The Republican leadership was blocking the investigation into both Benghazi and the Russia uranium scandal involving Clinton.Senator Grassley called on Sessions to release the info on the gag order by November 1st This should be interesting.The NDA (gag order) is unconstitutional and Toensing says this type of gag order has a criminal penalty. She says she s never heard of this type of gag order.Victoria Toensing is one of the best lawyers in DC and will get to the bottom of this one way or another. The plot thickens on this one ",0
15922,BREAKING: Devin Nunes Makes HUGE announcement About Clinton #UraniumOneDeal [Video],"THANK GOODNESS! Devin Nunes just announced a probe into the Uranium One Deal that smells to high heaven of corruption and money laundering by the Clintons and the Obama administration:BREAKING: Devin Nunes announces probe into the #UraniumOneDeal. pic.twitter.com/c7p9mVdTYa  Based Monitored   (@BasedMonitored) October 24, 2017FBN S LOU DOBBS SPOKE WITH THE AUTHOR OF  CLINTON CASH :  Biggest scandal in the history of American politics While speaking with Peter Schweizer, the author of  Clinton Cash: The Untold Story of How and Why Foreign Governments and Businesses Helped Make Bill and Hillary Rich,  and Breitbart News senior editor-at-large on Friday, Fox Business Network host Lou Dobbs argued that the Uranium One deal could end up being the biggest scandal in the history of American politics.Dobbs said,  There is no clear statement as to why we would give up, for any reason, any price, 20% of our uranium in this country. And that is a question that is left open still unanswered. and secondly, have you ever heard of anyone putting $145 million, at one moment, into the hands of the Clinton foundation? And the answer is, of course not. These questions, most basic and fundamental, were armed by the very committee made up of the very agencies, departments, and individuals responsible for national security. this, this is the biggest Obama scandal. I think it may well turn out to be the biggest scandal in American political history. ",0
15923,LAWYER FOR FBI INFORMANT: My Client Knows What Russians Were Saying During Bribery of Clintons [VIDEO],"The lawyer for the FBI informant under a gag order that prevents him from going before Congress spoke out about what s to come with the Clinton/Russia Uranium story:Fox Business reported: An informant for the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is under a gag order that prevents him from testifying before the United States Congress that Russian nuclear officials were involved in fraudulent dealings in 2009 before the Uranium One deal was approved.Former Attorney General Loretta Lynch blocked the informant from testifying last year and threatened criminal action against him if he were to do so.In an interview with FOX Business  Lou Dobbs, Victoria Toensing, the attorney representing the FBI informant, said she has never heard of a criminal penalty for breaching a non-disclosure agreement (NDA). If it does and it is unconstitutional and it s invalid, if it prohibits my client from giving information to the legislature, the executive cannot say to people,  Hey, you can t give information to another body of the government,  Toensing said.KEY POINTS: The Republican leadership was blocking the investigation into both Benghazi and the Russia uranium scandal involving Clinton.Senator Grassley called on Sessions to release the info on the gag order by November 1st This should be interesting.The NDA (gag order) is unconstitutional and Toensing says this type of gag order has a criminal penalty. She says she s never heard of this type of gag order.Victoria Toensing is one of the best lawyers in DC and will get to the bottom of this one way or another. The plot thickens on this one ",0
15924,ILLEGAL ALIENS Jump Over Border Fence as MSNBC Reports On Border Wall Construction [Video],"Oh the irony! Left-leaning MSNBC aired a segment about President Trump s proposed border wall, which ultimately proved the U.S.-Mexico border needs a bigger wall.HOW HIGH SHOULD WE GO? The Trump administration has approved the construction of eight prototypes of the border wall. These prototypes are nearing completion as the administration s deadline approaches. The prototypes have several guidelines they must satisfy. For instance, concrete walls have to be 30 ft. tall while walls made from alternate materials have to be 18 to 30 ft. tall.JUMPING THE FENCE MSNBC reporter Jacob Soboroff went to preview the prototypes that are being built between two existing border fences along the U.S.-Mexico border. During the segment, Soboroff was interviewing border patrol agent Roy Villareal when several migrants were caught on camera jumping the existing fence into the United States.EVERYDAY BORDER ENFORCEMENT = OPEN BORDERS  A small group of three people just jumped over in the middle of the day,  Soboroff noted.  So can you explain to me what s going on? This is the reality of everyday border enforcement. The United States is the draw for people with dire situations where they are at,  Villareal said.  We are going to continue to witness this. It plays out on a regular basis for us. Soboroff went to the Mexican side of the border and showed how easy it was to cross the border under current conditions.THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS! Can you imagine how easy it s been for terrorists to cross?We just reported on a terrorist who made his way to Canada via Mexico and the U.S.: The Democrats are fighting against closing our border with Mexico at every step of the way. They want open borders It s that simple. If you vote for Democrats then you re voting for open borders. They have zero interest in stopping the flow of illegals to America. One of the key things to remember about open borders is it s not just the people from Mexico looking for a job or better life. The truth is that our open border has become a GLOBAL MAGNET for people from all over the world to come for many different reasons. One of the reasons is terrorism The case below highlights the desperate need for border control if we want to stop the flow of terrorists to America and Canada:The Somali terrorist who stabbed a Canadian police officer and ran over four pedestrians a few weeks ago entered the United States through the Mexican border and was released by Obama s Department of Homeland Security (DHS), allowing him to continue his journey north. The ISIS operative, Abdulahi Hasan Sharif, was ordered deported, an Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) spokeswoman told various media outlets recently, but was released on an  order of supervision  and the feds never saw him again.Sharif entered the U.S. in 2011 through the San Ysidro port of entry in California without documentation and was briefly held at the Otay Mesa Detention Center in San Diego, a local newspaper reported. A year later he crossed the border into Canada and settled in Edmonton after being granted refugee status. On September 30 he slammed into an Edmonton police officer with his car then got out of the vehicle and repeatedly stabbed the cop with a knife. After fleeing the scene, Sharif stole a truck and deliberately mowed down four pedestrians. Canadian authorities found an ISIS flag in his car and have charged him with multiple counts of attempted murder, criminal flight causing bodily harm and possession of a weapon. Two years ago, Canadian authorities investigated the 30-year-old terrorist for espousing extremist views. It s disturbing that Sharif s northbound trek took him through the U.S.-Mexico border.As part of an ongoing investigation into cartels, corruption and terrorism, Judicial Watch has for years reported that Islamic extremists are entering the country through Mexico and that ISIS is operating in border towns just miles from American cities. Judicial Watch launched the project in 2014 by exposing a sophisticated narco-terror ring with strong ties to ISIS and connections running from El Paso to Chicago to New York City. Two of the FBI s most wanted were embroiled in the operation that also had deep ties to Mexico. Less than a year later, Judicial Watch reported that ISIS is operating in a Mexican border town just eight miles from El Paso, the result of Islamic terrorists joining forces with drug cartels and human smugglers knowns as  coyotes. When Judicial Watch reported that Mexican cartels were smuggling foreigners from countries with terrorist links into a small Texas rural town, federal authorities publicly denied the story was true. Never the less, high-level sources on both sides of the border confirmed to Judicial Watch that foreigners, classified as Special Interest Aliens (SIA), were being transported to stash areas in Acala, a rural crossroads located around 54 miles from El Paso on a state road   Highway 20. Once in the U.S., the SIAs waited for pick-up in the area s sand hills just across Highway 20. At the time a Texas Department of Public Safety report leaked by the media had already confirmed that for years members of known Islamist terrorist organizations had been apprehended crossing the southern border.Last year a high-ranking DHS official told Judicial Watch that Mexican drug traffickers help Islamic terrorists stationed in Mexico cross into the United States to explore targets for future attacks. Among the jihadists that travel back and forth through the porous southern border is a Kuwaiti named Shaykh Mahmood Omar Khabir, an ISIS operative who lives in the Mexican state of Chihuahua not far from El Paso. Khabir trained hundreds of Al Qaeda fighters in Pakistan, Afghanistan and Yemen and has lived in Mexico for more than a year, according to information provided by Judicial Watch s government source. Now Khabir trains thousands of men mostly Syrians and Yemenis to fight in an ISIS base situated in the Mexico-U.S. border region near Ciudad Ju rez, the intelligence gathered by Judicial Watch s source reveals. Staking out U.S. targets is not difficult and Khabir actually bragged in an Italian newspaper article that the border region is so open that he  could get in with a handful of men, and kill thousands of people in Texas or in Arizona in the space of a few hours.  In the same article Mexico s top diplomat, Foreign Affairs Secretary Claudia Ruiz, said  this new wave of fundamentalism could have nasty surprises in store for the United States. While much of the American mainstream media ignores that Sharif made it to Canada via the U.S.-Mexico border, it s hardly surprising considering Islamic extremists have been infiltrating the country through the famously unprotected region for years. Referring to the recent Canadian attack, a think-tank dedicated to investigating the operations, funding, activities and front groups of Islamic extremists worldwide writes:  Fears about a terrorist using the U.S.-Mexican border as a gateway for an attack have been realized. Via: Judicial Watch",0
15925,BEST SUMMARY Yet Of The Shocking Clinton Uranium One Scandal From The Beginning,"There s so much to know in order to understand just how bad the Uranium One scandal is to what s happening now with the Fake Russia probe by Comey. Once you understand the connections and the details of it, you realize it s HUGE!It s not just the Clinton grifters but Obama, the FBI and the DOJ!And at the heart of it is not just the greedy, grasping Clintons, but the Obama Administration, the FBI and the DOJ.Andrew McCarthy does a masterful job of breaking down the entire scandal from beginning until now.McCarthy breaks it all down for you.You ll be shocked to know that the same people investigating the phony Trump/Russia  collusion  were aware of the Uranium One scam AND even helped to cover it up! Here s just a little of what Andy McCarthy explains to us in his summary:Here s the kicker: The Uranium One scandal is not only, or even principally, a Clinton scandal. It is an Obama-administration scandal.The Clintons were just doing what the Clintons do: cashing in on their  public service.  The Obama administration, with Secretary Clinton at the forefront but hardly alone, was knowingly compromising American national-security interests. The administration green-lighted the transfer of control over one-fifth of American uranium-mining capacity to Russia, a hostile regime   and specifically to Russia s state-controlled nuclear-energy conglomerate, Rosatom. Worse, at the time the administration approved the transfer, it knew that Rosatom s American subsidiary was engaged in a lucrative racketeering enterprise that had already committed felony extortion, fraud, and money-laundering offenses.This next part is even worse:The Obama administration also knew that congressional Republicans were trying to stop the transfer. Consequently, the Justice Department concealed what it knew. DOJ allowed the racketeering enterprise to continue compromising the American uranium industry rather than commencing a prosecution that would have scotched the transfer. Prosecutors waited four years before quietly pleading the case out for a song, in violation of Justice Department charging guidelines. Meanwhile, the administration stonewalled Congress, reportedly threatening an informant who wanted to go public.Read more here: Andy McCarthyOnce you read the entire summary you ll know just how bad this entire scandal is and how the Obama administration covered it all up. ",0
15926,JUDICIAL WATCH INVESTIGATOR: Here’s why we’re becoming a ‘FAILED STATE’ [Video],"Chris Farrell is the Judicial Watch Director of Investigations who let it rip last night on the direction America is going in. Lou Dobbs got an earful from Farrell who discussed the  paralyzed  Justice Department:FARRELL LET IT RIP: It s really a giant socialist organ operating that protests itself. Offense after offense and you find laws are for the little people. The Clinton gang walks away. People say, Hey where s the Department of Justice investigation? Where s the FBI? Half the time they re complicit.FARRELL CONTINUED: The people with direct firsthand knowledge, they re the ones who kept their mouths shut for years. This is evidence that we are becoming a failed state. And I m not exaggerating when I say that. When the entire Justice Department is paralyzed. When the entire Justice Department is compromised when there is no investigations. There s these make-believe congressional hearings that are nothing more than soundbites.He s spot on about everything! Is anyone else out there sick to death of the congressional hearings that just give the Democrats a chance to create soundbites for the news? They get nothing accomplished at these hearings that really have become useless. Why not interview people without all the cameras? Having the cameras there just makes it a sideshow with drama queens like Al Franken.Farrell s assessment of the Justice Department and other agencies like the FBI couldn t be more spot on. They are compromised therefore paralyzed into inaction.",0
15927,HANNITY TEARS IT UP IN HIS BEST EVER RANT: ‘Hillary Clinton and Her Husband Sold Out America to the Russians!’ [Video],"Sean Hannity was on fire with his opening comments on the Clinton-Uranium One deal bombshell last night. He ripped the Clintons and called on Trump s intelligence and law officials to investigate the scandal. It s a classic Hannity rant:  After President Trump won in November, President Obama and his administration   they were telling anyone who would listen,  Russia! Russia! Russia! Russia interfered with our election. Russia was creating a direct threat to American democracy  Hannity mocked.  Well if that s the case, why when they have mountains of evidence that we will reveal tonight of Russian bribery going back to 2009, why then would the Obama administration and Hillary in particular sign off on the sale of 20% of America s uranium to Vladimir Putin and the Russians? Tonight, with this new evidence, what we have discovered is that the evidence against the Clintons is overwhelming, it is incontrovertible,  Hannity continued.  Hillary Clinton and her husband sold out America to the Russians while millions of dollars flowed to their family foundation. And in the process, Clinton created a massive national security risk for every man, woman, and child   giving Vladimir Putin control over American uranium. IN CASE YOU HAVEN T HEARD ABOUT THE LATEST ON THE CLINTON-URANIUM ONE BOMBSHELL:Yesterday, the founder of Wikileaks, Julian Assange sent a cryptic tweet that contained a series of number and letters. Someone out there knows what that code means, and they are very likely shaking in their boots today.4767 5774 6a7a 4d6c 6330 666b 314a 3453 0000 0907 84b4 f787 7616 86f7 a737 5707 5736  Julian Assange   (@JulianAssange) October 15, 2017On another front, two writers from separate publications were set to publish what Sean Hannity was calling a  huge bombshell  story that was due to break today.Last night on Fox News  Hannity show, Sean Hannity warned that a huge bombshell would be breaking today. Sean told his audience that Circa News Sara Carter and The Hill s John Solomon have HUGE BREAKING NEWS. Hannity told his audience,  Let me put it this way, if I m Hillary or fake news, I won t be sleeping well tonight. Watch:.@seanhannity TICK TOCK Tonight Folks  Get ready @HillaryClinton  pic.twitter.com/PxbRCgyPwm  'GITMO' BAMA   (@President1Trump) October 17, 2017Well, John Solomon and Alison Spann s story did indeed break first thing today in The Hill, and it s a doozy. Will justice finally be delivered to these corrupt, anti-American, self-serving and lying players? Not providing information on a corruption scheme before the Russian uranium deal was approved by U.S. regulators and engage appropriate congressional committees has served to undermine U.S. national security interests by the very people charged with protecting them. The Russian efforts to manipulate our American political enterprise is breathtaking.    Former House Intelligence Chair Mike Rogers (R-MI)The Hill   Before the Obama administration approved a controversial deal in 2010 giving Moscow control of a large swath of American uranium, the FBI had gathered substantial evidence that Russian nuclear industry officials were engaged in bribery, kickbacks, extortion and money laundering designed to grow Vladimir Putin s atomic energy business inside the United States, according to government documents and interviews.Federal agents used a confidential U.S. witness working inside the Russian nuclear industry to gather extensive financial records, make secret recordings and intercept emails as early as 2009 that showed Moscow had compromised an American uranium trucking firm with bribes and kickbacks in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, FBI and court documents show.They also obtained an eyewitness account   backed by documents   indicating Russian nuclear officials had routed millions of dollars to the U.S. designed to benefit former President Bill Clinton s charitable foundation during the time Secretary of State Hillary Clinton served on a government body that provided a favorable decision to Moscow, sources told The Hill.The racketeering scheme was conducted  with the consent of higher level officials  in Russia who  shared the proceeds  from the kickbacks, one agent declared in an affidavit years later.Rather than bring immediate charges in 2010, however, the Department of Justice (DOJ) continued investigating the matter for nearly four more years, essentially leaving the American public and Congress in the dark about Russian nuclear corruption on U.S. soil during a period when the Obama administration made two major decisions benefitting Putin s commercial nuclear ambitions.The first decision occurred in October 2010, when the State Department and government agencies on the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States unanimously approved the partial sale of Canadian mining company Uranium One to the Russian nuclear giant Rosatom, giving Moscow control of more than 20 percent of America s uranium supply.When this sale was used by Trump on the campaign trail last year, Hillary Clinton s spokesman said she was not involved in the committee review and noted the State Department official who handled it said she  never intervened   on any [Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States] matter. In 2011, the administration gave approval for Rosatom s Tenex subsidiary to sell commercial uranium to U.S. nuclear power plants in a partnership with the United States Enrichment Corp. Before then, Tenex had been limited to selling U.S. nuclear power plants reprocessed uranium recovered from dismantled Soviet nuclear weapons under the 1990s Megatons to Megawatts peace program. The Russians were compromising American contractors in the nuclear industry with kickbacks and extortion threats, all of which raised legitimate national security concerns. And none of that evidence got aired before the Obama administration made those decisions,  a person who worked on the case told The Hill, speaking on condition of anonymity for fear of retribution by U.S. or Russian officials.The Obama administration s decision to approve Rosatom s purchase of Uranium One has been a source of political controversy since 2015.That s when conservative author Peter Schweitzer and The New York Times documented how Bill Clinton collected hundreds of thousands of dollars in Russian speaking fees and his charitable foundation collected millions in donations from parties interested in the deal while Hillary Clinton presided on the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States.The Obama administration and the Clintons defended their actions at the time, insisting there was no evidence that any Russians or donors engaged in wrongdoing and there was no national security reason for any member of the committee to oppose the Uranium One deal.But FBI, Energy Department and court documents reviewed by The Hill show the FBI, in fact, had gathered substantial evidence well before the committee s decision that Vadim Mikerin   the main Russian overseeing Putin s nuclear expansion inside the United States   was engaged in wrongdoing starting in 2009.Then-Attorney General Eric Holder was among the Obama administration officials joining Hillary Clinton on the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States at the time the Uranium One deal was approved. Multiple current and former government officials told The Hill they did not know whether the FBI or DOJ ever alerted committee members to the criminal activity they uncovered.Spokesmen for Holder and Clinton did not return calls seeking comment. The Justice Department also didn t comment.Mikerin was a director of Rosatom s Tenex in Moscow since the early 2000s, where he oversaw Rosatom s nuclear collaboration with the United States under the Megatons to Megwatts program and its commercial uranium sales to other countries. In 2010, Mikerin was dispatched to the U.S. on a work visa approved by the Obama administration to open Rosatom s new American arm called Tenam.Between 2009 and January 2012, Mikerin  did knowingly and willfully combine, conspire confederate and agree with other persons   to obstruct, delay and affect commerce and the movement of an article and commodity (enriched uranium) in commerce by extortion,  a November 2014 indictment stated.His illegal conduct was captured with the help of a confidential witness, an American businessman, who began making kickback payments at Mikerin s direction and with the permission of the FBI. The first kickback payment recorded by the FBI through its informant was dated Nov. 27, 2009, the records show. The investigation was ultimately supervised by then-U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein, an Obama appointee who now serves as President Trump s deputy attorney general, and then-Assistant FBI Director Andrew McCabe, now the deputy FBI director under Trump, Justice Department documents show.On August 6, 2017,  The Washington Times questioned Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein s  fishing expedition  aimed at digging up dirt on President Trump in his investigation in the Trump-Russia investigation. The special counsel is subject to the rules and regulations of the Department of Justice, and we don t engage in fishing expeditions,  Mr. Rosenstein said on  Fox News Sunday. In his first Sunday show interview, Mr. Rosenstein added that special counsel Robert Mueller  understands and I understand the specific scope of the investigation and so, it s not a fishing expedition. Mr. Rosenstein s comments come amid reports citing unnamed sources that the investigation has expanded into Mr. Trump s finances unrelated to possible Russian interference in last year s election.Mr. Rosenstein played down the reports:  That s not anything that I ve said. That s not anything Director Mueller has said. We don t know who s saying it or how credible those sources are. Both men now play a key role in the current investigation into possible, but still unproven collusion between Russia and Donald Trump s campaign during the 2016 election.McCabe is under congressional and Justice Department inspector general investigation in connection with money his wife s Virginia state Senate campaign accepted in 2015 from now-Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe at a time when McAuliffe was reportedly under investigation by the FBI.The connections to the current Russia case are many. The Mikerin probe began in 2009 when Robert Mueller, now the special counsel in charge of the Trump case, was still FBI director. And it ended in late 2015 under the direction of then-FBI Director James Comey, who Trump fired earlier this year.Bringing down a major Russian nuclear corruption scheme that had both compromised a sensitive uranium transportation asset inside the U.S. and facilitated international money laundering would seem a major feather in any law enforcement agency s cap.But the Justice Department and FBI took little credit in 2014 when Mikerin, the Russian financier and the trucking firm executives were arrested and charged.The only public statement occurred an entire year later when the Justice Department put out a little-noticed press release in August 2015, just days before Labor Day. The release noted that the various defendants had reached plea deals.The lack of fanfare left many key players in Washington with no inkling that a major Russian nuclear corruption scheme with serious national security implications had been uncovered.On Dec. 15, 2015, the Justice Department put out a release stating that Mikerin,  a former Russian official residing in Maryland was sentenced today to 48 months in prison  and ordered to forfeit more than $2.1 million.Ronald Hosko, who served as the assistant FBI director in charge of criminal cases when the investigation was underway, told The Hill he did not recall ever being briefed about Mikerin s case by the counterintelligence side of the bureau despite the criminal charges that were being lodged. I had no idea this case was being conducted,  a surprised Hosko said in an interview.Meanwhile, Julian Assange is jumping on the bandwagon, as he teases that he has a major announcement of his own that is coming soon Russian nuclear bribery investigation reveals that Russia routed millions to the Clintons https://t.co/ti7ycn7auf  Julian Assange   (@JulianAssange) October 17, 2017",0
15928,BUSTED! FBI Hid Clinton-Lynch Tarmac Meeting Documents…Delay Turning Over," The FBI is out of control. It is stunning that the FBI  found  these Clinton-Lynch tarmac records only after we caught the agency hiding them in another lawsuit.    Judicial Watch Tom Fitton.FBI hid 30 documents related to Clinton-Lynch tarmac meeting. https://t.co/8JJTDR4G47  Real Jack (@RealJack) October 14, 2017BUSTED! THANK GOODNESS FOR JUDICIAL WATCH!Judicial Watch was informed yesterday by the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) that the FBI has located 30 pages of documents related to the June 27, 2016, tarmac meeting between former Attorney General Loretta Lynch and former President Bill Clinton, and proposes non-exempt material be produced no later than November 30, 2017 (Judicial Watch v. U.S. Department of Justice (No. 1:16-cv-02046)).The new documents are being sent to Judicial Watch in response to a Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit filed after the Justice Department failed to comply with a July 7, 2016, FOIA request seeking the following:All FD-302 forms prepared pursuant to the Federal Bureau of Investigation s investigation of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton s use of a private e-mail server during her tenure. All records of communications between any agent, employee, or representative of the Federal Bureau of Investigation regarding, concerning, or related to the aforementioned investigation. This request includes, but is not limited to, any related communications with any official, employee, or representative of the Department of Justice, the Executive Office of the President, the Democratic National Committee, and/or the presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton.All records related to the meeting between Attorney General Lynch and former President Bill Clinton on June 27, 2016. The FBI originally informed Judicial Watch they did not locate any records related to the tarmac meeting. However, in a related case, the Justice Department located emails in which Justice Department officials communicated with the FBI and wrote that they had communicated with the FBI. As a result, by letter dated August 10, 2017, from the FBI stated,  Upon further review, we subsequently determined potentially responsive documents may exist. As a result, your [FOIA] request has been reopened (Surprisingly, the Trump Justice Department refuses to disclose the talking points developed by the Obama Justice Department to help it respond to press inquiries about the controversial June 27, 2016, tarmac meeting between Loretta Lynch and Bill Clinton at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport.)On June 27, 2016, Attorney General Loretta Lynch met privately with former President Bill Clinton on board a parked private plane at Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix, Arizona. The meeting occurred during the then-ongoing investigation of Mrs. Clinton s email server, and mere hours before the Benghazi report was released publicly involving both Mrs. Clinton and the Obama administration. Judicial Watch filed a request on June 30 that the U.S. Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General investigate that meeting. The FBI is out of control. It is stunning that the FBI  found  these Clinton-Lynch tarmac records only after we caught the agency hiding them in another lawsuit,  stated Judicial Watch Tom Fitton.  Judicial Watch will continue to press for answers about the FBI s document games in court. In the meantime, the FBI should stop the stonewall and release these new records immediately. This case has also forced the FBI to release to the public the FBI s Clinton investigative file, although more than half of the records remain withheld. The FBI has also told Judicial Watch that it anticipates completing the processing of these materials by July 2018.There is significant controversy about whether the FBI and Obama Justice Department investigation gave Clinton and other witnesses and potential targets preferential treatment.The Obama administration extended numerous immunity agreements, including: Clinton s former Chief of Staff Cheryl Mills; John Bentel, former director of the State Department s Office of Information Resources Management; Heather Samuelson, Clinton s executive assistant; Brian Pagliano, an IT employee at the State Department who serviced the Clinton non-government server; and an employee at Platt River Networks, the company that maintained it. It is not clear whether Hillary Clinton received some type of immunity.In 2015, a political action committee run by McAuliffe, a close friend and political supporter of Bill and Hillary Clinton, donated nearly $500,000 to Jill McCabe, wife of McCabe, who was then running for the Virginia State Senate. Also, the Virginia Democratic Party, over which McAuliffe had significant influence, donated an additional $207,788 to the Jill McCabe campaign. In July 2015, Andrew McCabe was in charge of the FBI s Washington, DC, field office, which provided personnel resources to the Clinton email probe. Judicial Watch has several lawsuits about this McCabe/FBI/Clinton scandal.Via: Judicial Watch ",0
15929,‘LARGEST’ $20 MILLION FOOD STAMP BUST Raises Red Flags Over Names Involved [Video],"Florida has had its share of food stamp busts but South Florida reached a fraud milestone for what the Justice Department called  the largest combined financial fraud loss for a food stamp trafficking takedown in history. RED FLAGS RAISED OVER NAMES INVOLVED:That dubious new record, federal prosecutors claim, is $20 million and resulted in a dozen charged with doing the government dirty via food stamp fraud, wire fraud and conspiracy to commit wire fraud.The 12 charged over four cases are Hasan Saleh, 59, Mohammed Alobaisi, 37, Reynold Francois, 38, Ihab Hassouna, 44, Mohammad Alteen, 33, Maria Jerdana, 36, Joe Ann Baker, 56, Yousef  Joe  Homedan Zahran, 60, Omar Hajje, 43, Jalal Hajyousef, 42, Andy Javier Herrera, 24, and father Javier Herrera, 49.Mostly Muslims The government makes it easier for immigrants to get small business loans with the INVESTOR VISA PROGRAM.  Is our government setting itself up for fraud when they knowingly give loans to these people?NEWS REPORT ON THE BOLD LAWLESSNESS:Check out the names below and you ll see that so many times foreigners come to America to scam the food stamp system. We have reported on numerous scams involving immigrants and food stamps. Believe us   they come from all over the world to take your money! Here are just a few examples of foreign-run convenience stores caught in food stamp fraud millions and millions stolen and probably sent overseas:OUR PAST REPORTS ON FOOD STAMP FRAUD: IMMIGRANT Ghanaian Woman Pleads Guilty To $3.6 Million in Food Stamp Fraud Media Ignores Her Immigrant Status22 LATINOS ARRESTED In Largest Food Stamp Fraud Bust In History Here s How They Did ItALABAMA FRAUD: FOOD STAMPS TO CASH SENT TO YEMEN3 BUSTED, 4 AT LARGE! IMMIGRANT MUSLIM GROUP Ran Huge Food Stamp Fraud RingIs this connected to the Investor visa program?  It makes you wonder if they have training programs abroad in how to buy convenience stores in the US and rip off the dumb (infidel) Americans!$20 MILLION LOST IN FOOD STAMP SCAM:  In this instance, eight small convenience stores in South Florida committed a staggering amount of fraud in a relatively short amount of time,  said Karen Citizen-Wilcox, special agent in charge, U.S. Department of Agriculture-Office of the Inspector General, in a release.  These retailers created an illegal benefits exchange system that defrauded the American taxpayer and denied healthy foods to needy children and their families. The store owners who allegedly orchestrated this trafficking scheme pocketed millions in  fees  which they charged for converting food assistance benefits into cash. Some of the defendants owned, worked at or operated stores authorized to accept Supplemental Nutritional Assistance Program payments, known as SNAP. Others worked at stores not authorized, but allegedly used the point-of-sale terminals for stores that were authorized.The fraud happened like this, according to authorities: A store clerk swipes a person s electronic benefits card at a point-of-sale terminal for a large amount. The person with the card is paid a lesser amount in cash. The remainder is ill-gotten profit for the store owner.The bust from Operation Stampede/Cash Hungry in Florida involved more than $13 million in fraudulent food-stamp transactions and could be the largest food stamp bust in the nation s history. The Palm Beach County Sheriff s Office, state and federal law enforcement conducted a joint identity theft investigation involving obtaining SNAP EBT cards with the stolen identities. According to the sheriff s office, the fraudulently obtained EBT cards were taken to the Opa Locka Flea Market where the SNAP(food stamp or EBT) benefits allocated to them were exchanged for cash. Twenty two people have been charged with crimes.Saleh managed Four Corners convenience store, 821 NW Sixth St. in Fort Lauderdale, which wasn t authorized to take SNAP payments. Prosecutors say Saleh and other Four Corners employees used the point-of-sale terminals at Liberty City s Sparkle, 6530 NW 18th Ave., run by Alobaisi. Prosecutors say that from April 2015 through this past August, Saleh, Alobaisi and employees Francois, Hassouna, Alteen, Jerdana and Baker stole $2 million with the scheme.Case No. 2 involved Zahran, also known as Youssef Hussein, who worked at Pompano Beach s Community Food Store, 401 NW 27th Ave. He is being accused of being on the fraud train a relatively short time, Nov. 3, 2016, through Jan. 11.Hajje and Hajyousef owned Steve Market 2 and Yum-Yum s grocery, stores across the street from each other at 6804 NW 15th Ave. and 6813 NW 15th Ave. in Miami s Liberty City neighborhood. They allegedly fraudulently acquired $4.2 million.But federal prosecutors give the money title, $10 million, to the Herreras, who also allegedly ran their game longer than everyone else   April 2012 through last month. Andy owned Santa Ana Market II, 1832 NW 17th Ave. in Miami. Father Javier worked there and Santa Ana Market, 3000 NW 12th Ave. Javier has convictions for third-degree grand theft and lottery violations on his rap sheet.Read more here: Miami Herald",0
15930,UNREAL! RIGHT BEFORE MASSACRE…#LasVegas Concert Crowd Sang ‘God Bless America’ [Video],"Just before the gunman began shooting, the Las Vegas concert crowd sang  God Bless America It s an amazing moment of togetherness that would end in horror. Please pray for the victims and their loved ones Sean Hannity showed the video tonight during a segment.Big and Rich performed an hour before Jason Aldene:A woman tells of her firsthand experience at the concert:  I can t get the sound out of my head of the gunshots Pray for the victims. Pray for the families and friends of the victims. Pray for America America is reeling from the worst mass shooting in its history after at least 50 people were killed and more than 200 wounded at a country music festival in Las Vegas on Sunday night.Police say the shooter was 64-year-old Stephen Paddock, described as a local man, who opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival in Las Vegas Village from a room across the street in the Mandalay Bay Hotel shortly after 10pm.Officers say Paddock killed himself right before they breached a room in the hotel, where he had stashed an  arsenal  of weapons used during the massacre.Paddock s companion and roommate, Marilou Danley was apprehended early Monday morning. Investigators are now raiding the Mesquite home he shared with Marilou Danley, described as his  companion .Sheriff Joseph Lombardo, of the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department, said investigations are still ongoing and police have not yet determined a motive.President Donald Trump paid his respects on Monday morning after the shooting, writing on Twitter:  My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you! My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2017Terrifying footage from the scene shows concert-goers reacting with confusion and then panic as the festival turned into a bloodbath around them.Video from close to the stage shows people hitting the floor as others crawl to safety or run for their lives. Audio from further back in the crowd captured several bursts of sustained automatic gunfire.Footage shows the moment the sound of gunfire stops a Las Vegas concert. There are reports of multiple injuries pic.twitter.com/y5x0bA1F8N  Sky News (@SkyNews) October 2, 2017Witnesses said  hundreds  of rounds of ammunition were emptied into the crowd, with Paddock stopping several times to reload as he carried out his massacre.Among those shot dead at the concert were two off-duty police officers. Attendees said a large number of law enforcement and military personnel had been attending the show.Two on-duty police officers who engaged the shooter have been hospitalized   one in critical condition, the other less-severely wounded. They have not been identified.All of the ambulances in the area were been deployed to the location, and victims taken to two hospitals. Singer Jason Aldean flees stage as gunman opens fire into crowd.Video footage of the shooting shows performer Jason Aldean on stage as the automatic gunfire rings out. Aldean continues performing for ten seconds as the gunfire rings out constantly, only stopping after screams begin to rise from the crowds.People in the crowds argue over whether they just heard gunshots as the lights on the stage dim and Aldean and his band leave. He later posted a message on Instagram that read:  Tonight has been beyond horrific. I still dont know what to say but wanted to let everyone know that Me and my Crew are safe.Eyewitness Gail Davis tells her horrific story and thanks a law enforcement officer who saved her life. A metro officer, who I owe my life to actually covered me up to protect me from being shot,  Las Vegas shooting witness says. pic.twitter.com/X0KxOqgaKL  CBS This Morning (@CBSThisMorning) October 2, 2017 My Thoughts and prayers go out to everyone involved tonight. It hurts my heart that this would happen to anyone who was just coming out to enjoy what should have been a fun night. #heartbroken #stopthehate Aldean was the closing act of the festival. Taking to Twitter, many other stars sent out their thoughts and prayers to those affected.Jake Owen, who played the main stage before Aldean, tweeted:  Praying for everyone here in Vegas. I witnessed the most unimaginable event tonight. We are okay. Others aren t. Please pray. Lauren Alaina, tweeted:  Praying for everyone at Route 91. That crowd was one of the best I ve played for all year. This news is devastating. My camp is home & safe. The Brothers Osborne urged revelers to find cover immediately, tweeting:  Just hearing about active shooting at Route 91 Festival in Vegas. Take cover and get safe immediately! Prayers to everyone there. Singer Lee Brice, who performed on the opening night on Friday, posted:  Hearts out to Vegas. Route 91 concert, stage I played two nights ago. Musicians, fans, workers, you are all in our prayers right now. Michael Ray said:  My heart is breaking we were just there Friday! My prayers are with everyone.   Daily Mail",0
15931,PUERTO RICO: Local Cop Calls US Radio Station Tells Shocking Reason Aid Isn’t Getting To People [Video],"THIS IS SO IMPORTANT! The transcript and video  below should be shared by everyone because the lying politicians and media are in full anti-Trump mode right now.  A female police officer from Puerto Rico s police department in Guaynabo called in to a U.S. spanish speaking radio station to tell listeners what is going on in Puerto Rico. The police woman is very upset, crying and sobbing often, and shares how the Mayor of San Juan is politicizing the situation and not offering help.Note that the politicization of this disaster is on steroids with American celebrities claiming  genocide  by Trump and just outright lies by the politicians who are using this to score votes while the people suffer.The most visible of the politicians is the lying mayor who stood in front of supplies saying she needs help. Well, help is right behind you! What she didn t say is that truckers are not showing up to take the aid to the people! As it turns out, she hasn t been doing HER job and hasn t shown up for meetings with FEMA and the US military on sight. Here s just one of many ridiculous comments by this lying politician: The world will see how we are treated   not as second-class citizens, but as animals that can be disposed of,  said Mayor Carmen Yul n Cruz.The call and video was recorded September 28th, and highlights the corruption within government within Puerto Rico and the Municipal authority of San Juan. The video is English closed captioned (hit  CC  option) and a transcript is below:Transcript:Radio Announcer: What is your name?Police Caller: I cannot give my name because I work for Puerto Rico s Police Department. I need to pass this information out because the stuff that is being brought from the U.S. is not being distributed. They are not allowing the Puerto Rican people to receive the donations.Radio Announcer: What part of Puerto Rico are you calling us from right now?Police Caller: I am right now in Guaynabo.Radio Announcer 2: Wow.Radio Announcer 3: But what information do you have? What have you seen?Police Caller: The Mayor, Carmen Yulin, is not allowing anyone to distribute  We need  what Puerto Ricans need is that the U.S. armed forces come in and distribute the aid. And that they stop the governor, Rosello, and the mayor, Yulin, on doing what they are doing  It s an abuse, it looks like communism, in our own island (sobbing)  (sobbing continues, inaudible translation due to cries) Police Caller (cont.): People are helping us, but they are not accepting it, they are not accepting anymore help supposedly:  they have to wait for the license, that there are no buses.   Let me tell you something Boricuas (Puerto Ricans) are dying of hunger (crying continues)   This is a bureaucracy, everything has to be protocol, the lines are stretched.  We can only give one box of water per person (sobbing continues).  The medics here, people are dying, the hospitals are in crisis.Police Caller (cont.): I am embarrassed, as a Boricua to work for Puerto Rico s police and see that we cannot do anything. There are dozens and thousands and thousands of food and when people ask we cannot give anything away because [Mayor] Carmen Yulin says that we cannot take anything out; because everything is a soap opera, everything is a show and there have to be cameras here and there.  .Because you know they are just looking for votes for the upcoming years.Radio Announcer 2: WowPolice Caller: And the governor won t move unless there is a camera behind him; [Mayor] Carmen Yulin won t move unless there is a camera behind her. This is how we are living in Puerto Rico, meanwhile artists are giving money and the people of Florida are sending stuff, and I don t know how many more people are helping because we have very limited communication, very limited, and we have no idea what s going on outside; and the people who are sending stuff, they have to come in; they have to come to help Puerto Rico and distribute what is being wasted  because what else are we going to do? You tell me, what are we going to do?Radio Announcer #2: Of course the desperation..Radio Announcer #3: We are with our hearts broken listening to you describing this situation which is heartbreaking when we know that so many people are helping  this is a police officer speaking.Police Caller: I ve been for one hour and a half just trying to download an application because the phones that they give to us I cannot use them as a police officer due to security measures. But I need to speak for the people because the people are suffering. Because I, as a cop, and other partners are seeing it. A lot of people have been posting videos (sobbing   inaudible)  and no-one is paying attention.Radio Announcer #3: We are truly sorry for this situation, we did not know that..Police Caller: If Cuba and Venezuela want to help and we are grateful for that; and that the government denies their help, the government denies Cuba s help.  That they reject Venezuela s help,  Look for God s sake! Tell me how is that possible, we need help.Radio Announcer #3: We are going to send this message out so that it gets to where it needs to get to Police Caller: We want the U.S. to come in, that the strongest forces come in and take the governor out, he is not doing anything, he is just going around and around,  and everyone is like:  oh, look how nice, the governor, he is going in the mud, he is going in the water , And where is it? Pardon the expression: WHERE IS THE FOOD?Police Caller (cont.): Look, grab the food, grab the sausage can and take it to the families! Stop the show! The governor is just doing a show, is all a show. There are many mayors that are suffering because they cannot do anything for their people.Radio Announcer #2: What are they doing with the food? Is it being kept in storage because they are not allowing to give it out?Police Caller: They are not doing anything, and they tell the harbors (ports) that they cannot bring stuff anymore. If the U.S. government doesn t get involved they will finish us. We are going to end up worse.  Worse than Cuba, Africa, or worse than Haiti. We are living in an era that you don t want to see, people are desperate. The gasoline, people are already killing each other. Not to rob you, they are doing it so they can be the firsts to get food and take it to their families.Police Caller (cont.): Do you know what it is when a woman approaches me and tells me  I don t have any more.   I don t know what else to give my kids because I don t have anymore.   Water and crackers !Radio Announcer #1: Sweetie, thank you for calling us and using this medium to denounce this situation; and good thing that it was you who explained this so that people don t think that we are making up stuff; because this has nothing to do with politics. This is a very serious situation.Police Caller: Very Serious (sobbing continues)Audio/video cuts offRead more: Conservative Treehouse",0
15932,PINT-SIZED MALCOLM X Kneels During Pledge of Allegiance…Mom’s Shocking Reaction Says It All,"A first-grader in Florida must have been inspired by the anti-American jackwagons in the NFL. He refused to stand for the Pledge of Allegiance. He took a knee a la Kaepernick. Instead of tanning his hide, his mother took the side of the disrespectful 6-year-old. The mother doesn t think that the Pasco County School District takes inclusion and diversity seriously.That boy s mother is speaking out because of a text message she received from her son s first-grade teacher about the incident.The text message read: I just wanted to let you know that this morning when it was time to do the Pledge of Allegiance, (your son) went down on one knee. I knew where he had seen it but I did tell him that in the classroom we are learning what it means to be a good citizen we re learning about respecting the United States of America and our country symbols and showing loyalty and patriotism and that we stand for the Pledge of Allegiance. I know its [sic] a sensitive issue but I wanted to make you aware. Thanks The mom complained that the teacher doesn t have a right to tell her son to stand: She told him right away, based on what he told me, to stand up and to stop it  That s not her right. Standing for the pledge is state law. No matter; the pint-sized Malcolm X is black. The whole point of the anti-American antics that now define the NFL is to bully people into accepting that laws should not be enforced when they are violated by persons of politically preferred pigmentation, because racism.The rules apply to EVERYONE .Read more: ABC ",0
15933,Watch Majority Whip Steve Scalise Return to Sanding Ovation on House Floor: ‘I’m back’ [Video],"After being shot 3 months ago (see below), Majority Whip Steve Scalise returned to the House floor today. He got a standing ovation as he walked in and then spoke to the members of Congress (see below).Majority Whip Steve Scalise gets a standing ovation as he returns to the House Floor three months after being shot. https://t.co/YgFbAZnWTl  #MenendezTrial (@NewtTrump) September 28, 2017Scalise spoke about the power of prayer and that praying was the first thing he did after being shot:  The power of prayer is something that you just cannot underestimate Steve Scalise:  The power of prayer is something that you just cannot underestimate  pic.twitter.com/L6au1hZBSu  Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) September 28, 2017 It s so important that as we re having those political battles, we don t make them personal Steve Scalise:  It s so important that as we re having those political battles, we don t make them personal  pic.twitter.com/BLhS3V7ftx  Washington Examiner (@dcexaminer) September 28, 2017He tweeted earlier in the day:  I m back Rep. Steve Scalise tweets  I m back  upon returning to Capitol Hill after Alexandria shooting; he s expected to make speech on House floor. pic.twitter.com/Xbrttk0sHy  ABC News (@ABC) September 28, 2017Remember that a crazed leftist tried to massacre Republicans just a few months ago:Rep. Steve Scalise was shot Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Virginia, in a  deliberate attack.  A congressional staffer was also shot. Scalise is in surgery right now and is expected to recover.Rand Paul said Scalise being there likely saved everyone because his presence (he s leadership) meant Capitol Police were there.Scalise, a member of the House Republican leadership as the majority whip, appeared to have been shot in the hip and it appeared two Capitol Hill police agents were shot, according to Rep. Mo Brooks who was on deck when the shooting occurred. The shooting took place at a practice for the GOP congressional baseball team.NBC News Special Report: Congressman Scalise, aides shot at baseball practice in Virginia https://t.co/KD9i1iP9MZ  Jason Calabretta (@JasonCalabretta) June 14, 2017In a statement, Texas Rep. Roger Williams, one of the team s coaches, said one of his staff members was shot during the incident and is receiving medical attention. There was no information on the staffer s injuries.According to both congressional and law enforcement sources, the shooting appears to be a  deliberate attack. Two law enforcement sources say the suspect  is in police custody, has been taken to a hospital.Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice, at a field where they ve practiced for years, when all of a sudden shots rang out. Lawmakers, staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover, jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots.Congressmen in attendance described  an injured Scalise dragging himself roughly 15 yards away from second base and lying there until the shooter was shot. The Congressmen then ran to help him. Once they were able, Sen. Jeff Flake said he and Rep. Brad Wenstrup, who is a physician, went out to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound. Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police. It would have been a massacre without them.  -Rand Paul  We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with.    Congressman Mo BrooksArizona Sen. Jeff Flake added that he saw a member of Scalise s security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes, even though the police officer was wounded in the leg.  50 shots would be an understatement, I m quite sure,  Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire, including police returning fire. Flake said two members of Scalise s security detail were wounded, and another man was wounded in the chest. Brooks said the shooter appeared to be a white male but added that  I saw him for a second or two.  He said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and didn t say anything.  The gun was a semiautomatic,  Brooks said, adding that he was sure it was a rifle but unsure what kind.  It continued to fire at different people. You can imagine, all the people on the field scatter. It s come to this How will we bring America together if the Democrats keep fanning the flames of division?Read More: FOX News",0
15934,Is This Dem Senator Switching Parties? Calls Out NFL Owners In Player Protest: ‘Right thing to do’ [Video],"Rumors continue to swirl around West Virginia Senator Joe Manchin who told voters during a Facebook live Q & A that he thinks NFL owners should step in and tell players protesting during the national anthem they won t tolerate it. The Democrat Senator has been brushing off talk that he s switching parties to become a Republican. He often agrees with the Republican party and has recently commented that he doesn t  give a sh*t  if he s reelected. Manchin came down on the side of the president in the NFL controversy and had some heartfelt comments about why he stands for our anthem. He called on the NFL owners to address the disrespect in kneeling during the anthem:SENATOR JOE MANCHIN:  This is something the owners have to address. The owners of these football teams, that have these contracts with these players and the conditions these players are going to be playing under, has to step in here and say, I m not going to tolerate it. The only thing that you and I can do right now is turn off the TV if you don t want to watch, don t go to the game if that s a team you don t respect for whatever reason. I think everyone should stand and show respect for the flag that represents the greatest nation on earth that s shed more blood and lost more lives for the cause of freedom that you and I enjoy. HEARTFELT COMMENTS ON  THE RIGHT THING TO DO Senator Manchin spoke about why he believes this is the  right thing to do :  When I was a young person it was just taught to me that was the right thing to do. When I got older and I realized all the sacrifices that were made for me people that went to war, people that didn t return when I realized all of that, I said that s my patriotic duty that I can say thank you for the flag that represents the greatest country on earth. Well said! ",0
15935,Unhinged NBA Coach: ‘White People Especially’ Need To Be Made ‘Uncomfortable’ [Video],"San Antonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich is a total ass. There is no other way to say it! This jackwagon  claimed on ESPN2 s  The Paul Finebaum Show  Monday that  people have to be made to feel uncomfortable,  specifically singling out white people. It s no secret that he doesn t like President Trump and has made disparaging remarks about the president in the past. Now he says he thinks all white people should be made to feel uncomfortable? What a way to piss off your white fans! Wow!WHO MADE THIS GUY THE ONE WHO DECIDES WHO S COMFORTABLE AND WHO ISN T? Well, because it s uncomfortable, and there has to be an uncomfortable element in the discourse for anything to change. Whether it s the LGBT movement, women s suffrage, race, it doesn t matter. People have to be made to feel uncomfortable, and especially white people because we re comfortable. We still have no clue of what being born white means,  he stated.POPOVICH RESPONDS TO SPURS BEING UNINVITED TO THE WHITE HOUSE:Popovich on #Warriors White House visit being rescinded #Spurs #NBA pic.twitter.com/aY3KyV3uJL  Jabari Young (@JabariJYoung) September 25, 2017NBA COACH IS A SOCIAL JUSTICE WARRIOR? WHO KNEW? If you read some of the recent literature, you ll realize there really is no such thing as whiteness, but we kind of made that up. That s not my original thought, but it s true,  Popovich said.He added,  Because you were born white, you have advantages that are systemically, culturally, psychologically there. And they have been built up and cemented for hundreds of years. But many people can t look at it. It s too difficult. It can t be something that is on their plate on a daily basis. People want to hold their position, people want the status quo, people don t want to give that up. And until it s given up, it s not going to be fixed,  the coach stated.REALLY???Read more: Daily Caller",0
15936,Bye Bye Cowboys! Crowd Boos As Owner Jerry Jones Kneels With Team Before Anthem #BoycottNFL [Video],"The Dallas Cowboys tried to have it both ways tonight at the start of the Monday Night football game. The team was joined by owner Jerry Jones as they knelt before the national anthem They stood with arms linked during the anthem. What do you think of this attempt to straddle the fence?Crowd erupts in boos as owner Jerry Jones and entire Dallas Cowboys team kneel live on Monday Night Football pic.twitter.com/ZBKt3KMXYR  Jack Posobiec (@JackPosobiec) September 26, 2017 What did this accomplish? Absolutely nothing! A bunch of fools who failed civics. It s not about them its about the nation. The entire Dallas Cowboys team took a knee before tonight's national anthem. pic.twitter.com/7siBIjACJr  FOX Sports: NFL (@NFLonFOX) September 26, 2017 The Cardinals linked arms with members of the military during the national anthem:The Cardinals linked arms with members of the military during tonight's national anthem. pic.twitter.com/AUENyoEIIo  FOX Sports: NFL (@NFLonFOX) September 26, 2017 The NFL s operations manual, which, unlike its rule book, is not available to the public, states: During the National Anthem, players on the field and bench area should stand at attention, face the flag, hold helmets in their left hand, and refrain from talking. The home team should ensure that the American flag is in good condition. It should be pointed out to players and coaches that we continue to be judged by the public in this area of respect for the flag and our country. Failure to be on the field by the start of the National Anthem may result in discipline, such as fines, suspensions, and/or the forfeiture of draft choice(s) for violations of the above, including first offenses. ",0
15937,"Senator Hatch to Healthcare Protesters: ‘If You Want a Hearing, You Better Shut Up’ [Video]","The Senate Finance Committee hearing for the Republican Graham-Cassidy health care bill became a screaming protest today. People in wheelchairs screamed and chanted in opposition to the bill One woman was removed for her disruption:Wow. pic.twitter.com/VOlQHBksPy  Matt Fuller (@MEPFuller) September 25, 2017 In what was clearly a manufactured protest with mostly people in wheelchairs, the disruption was enough to make a key senator yell back.  Sen. Orrin Hatch responded to protestors whose shouting prevented the hearing s start, saying,  If you want a hearing, you better shut up. I d like to welcome everyone, and I do mean everyone,  Finance Committee Chairman Hatch said, referencing the large crowd of protestors.A protestor started screaming something unintelligible. Well if we re gonna,  Hatch began before the chants grew louder. If you want a hearing, you better shut up,  Hatch said, pounding his gavel. Let the police take care of it,  Sen. Chuck Grassley (R., Iowa) quietly told Hatch. Oh, I will. I will,  Hatch said.After a brief period of more chanting by protestors, Hatch turned to Grassley and asked,  What are they saying? Don t touch the Medicaid, save our  Grassley said before trailing off, clearly unsure of what the last part of the chant was supposed to be.The chant in question was,  Don t touch the Medicaid, save our liberty. The Senate has been expected to vote on the latest Obamacare repeal effort before the end of the month. Opposition has mounted against the bill, however, and with Republican Sen. John McCain already a definite  no,  and others doubtful, the bill s future is uncertain.Read more: WFB",0
15938,No Class Michelle Obama Takes Several Swipes At Trump During Tech Speech And Veiled Swipe At Clintons: ‘People that won’t go away’ [Video],"No class and no decorum! The always bitter Michelle Obama told a Salt Lake City audience today that  we are looking at two different administrations. THIS IS LAUGHABLE:One, she said, was built on hope. The other is being led with fear.WE RE IN THIS MESS BECAUSE OBAMA DIDN T PUT AMERICA FIRST BUT MICHELLE SAYS:  It isn t just us first,  she said, a reference to Trump s  America First  agenda.  We live in a big country and a big world.   You can t just want to help someone in a hurricane and not make sure they can go to the doctor when they re sick. HUH?Her remarks, part of an hourlong moderated conversation, came on the last of a three-day tech conference hosted by Pluralsight, a Utah-based company.She claimed  things are tough right now  and suggested  we re being tested,  Obama professed that she  continues to be hopeful  that the political climate will improve. A BUNCH OF WHITE GUYS . WOMEN AND PEOPLE OF COLOR Obama urged computing companies to invest in and hire more women and people of color  Changing that composition, Obama said, will take encouraging girls at a young age to study science and math. It will mean bridging  the technology gap  that persists in low-income districts. It requires revisions to the public-school system. And it warrants forming hiring committees with more women and people of color.  You can t just say you want to fix the problems, you have to mean it,  Obama said.  If a bunch of white guys are sitting around the table trying to get more women involved, they re not going to come up with the answer.  For Utah s Silicon Slopes and elsewhere, she added, a behavioral change in the office environment at IT corporations will need to accompany that shift. You can t hire women and then they come in and they re working for chimps. No offense   you guys aren t all chimps,  Obama said to laughs from the crowd.  I call my husband a chimp sometimes, especially when he s watching the Sports Center. I m like  Come on. Look at you. You re an animal. CLINTON JAB? What Barack and I don t want to be is the people that won t go away,  she said, finishing the event with a standing ovation.  We want to help the next generation come up and take our seats. Read more: sltrb",0
15939,FBI and DOJ Refusing To Comply With Subpoena Over Trump Dossier…Hello Jeff Sessions?,"Hello Jeff Sessions! Where is the DOJ s leader these days? Something tells us the Trump Dossier will end up being the bombshell that exposes Comey, Brennan and Clapper and all of the other criminals who used this dossier to spy on Trump. Obama used the dossier to spy on Trump!Anyone who followed the Obama White House intel policy outcomes will know that DNI Clapper and CIA Director John Brennan were the two primary political operatives weaponizing intelligence.But it gets better Comey comes into play:Remember the bombshell testimony of the Hermitage Capital CEO where the origin of the Fusion GPS  Russian Dossier  was discussed? CEO Browder stated the Russian government paid Fusion GPS to create the Steele propaganda dossier on candidate Donald Trump. That same dossier was used by the FBI in June/July 2016 to generate the FISA surveillance warrants against the Trump campaign. BOMBSHELL: Comey was using propaganda commissioned by Russia, funded in part by the FBI, to attack Trump, as the framework to launch his FBI investigation into candidate Donald Trump and Russian collusion.CEO BROWDER S ADMISSION BELOW:This is getting good.What does Nunes do now after several attempts at getting documents related to the dossier?After two previous deadlines came and went, House Intelligence Committee chairman Devin Nunes has set a new date for the FBI and Justice Department to turn over documents relating to the Trump dossier.Nunes originally subpoenaed the FBI and Justice on Aug. 24, demanding dossier documents by Sept. 1. When none were produced, Nunes agreed to extend the deadline to September 14. During that time, arrangements were made for intelligence committee investigators to visit the Justice Department to make sure officials on both sides understood precisely which documents the committee seeks.No documents were produced by Sept. 14, and now Nunes, apparently unsatisfied with the results of the staff meeting, has sent a new letter to FBI Director Christopher Wray and Attorney General Jeff Sessions. In it, Nunes set a deadline of this Friday for the documents to be produced. If the documents are not produced by then, Nunes directed that Wray and Sessions appear in an open committee hearing Sept. 28, to explain why they did not hand over the materials.The document request in the original Aug. 24 subpoena has not changed. It focuses on the FBI s relations with Christopher Steele, the former British spy retained by the American opposition research firm Fusion GPS to dig dirt on Donald Trump in Russia as part of an effort funded by wealthy supporters of Hillary Clinton. Among other things, the original subpoena demanded all internal FBI reports  incorporating, relying on, or referring to  information provided by Steele, his sources, or Fusion GPS.The original subpoena also asked for  any information, if it exists, provided by Mr. Steele as an informant/source (confidential or otherwise) or in any other capacity,  as well as any documents relating to whether the FBI paid or offered any benefits to Steele. The subpoena also asked for all documents relating to FBI and Justice  efforts to corroborate, validate, or evaluate  information provided by Steele.Finally, the original subpoena requested any court applications for surveillance that included any information provided by Steele, plus any court orders, if there were any, that were based in any part on Steele s information.So far, the FBI and Justice Department have not provided the information. Now, they have a new deadline.Read more: WE",0
15940,‘One for the Ages’ Full Video and Transcript of Trump’s Incredible UN Speech [Video],"A speech for the ages was given today by President Donald Trump. He addressed the 72nd meeting of the United Nations General Assembly in New York for the first time in his presidency. The transcript is below.PRESIDENT TRUMP: Mr. Secretary General, Mr. President, world leaders, and distinguished delegates: Welcome to New York. It is a profound honor to stand here in my home city, as a representative of the American people, to address the people of the world.As millions of our citizens continue to suffer the effects of the devastating hurricanes that have struck our country, I want to begin by expressing my appreciation to every leader in this room who has offered assistance and aid. The American people are strong and resilient, and they will emerge from these hardships more determined than ever before.Fortunately, the United States has done very well since Election Day last November 8th. The stock market is at an all-time high   a record. Unemployment is at its lowest level in 16 years, and because of our regulatory and other reforms, we have more people working in the United States today than ever before. Companies are moving back, creating job growth the likes of which our country has not seen in a very long time. And it has just been announced that we will be spending almost $700 billion on our military and defense.Our military will soon be the strongest it has ever been. For more than 70 years, in times of war and peace, the leaders of nations, movements, and religions have stood before this assembly. Like them, I intend to address some of the very serious threats before us today but also the enormous potential waiting to be unleashed.We live in a time of extraordinary opportunity. Breakthroughs in science, technology, and medicine are curing illnesses and solving problems that prior generations thought impossible to solve.But each day also brings news of growing dangers that threaten everything we cherish and value. Terrorists and extremists have gathered strength and spread to every region of the planet. Rogue regimes represented in this body not only support terrorists but threaten other nations and their own people with the most destructive weapons known to humanity.Authority and authoritarian powers seek to collapse the values, the systems, and alliances that prevented conflict and tilted the world toward freedom since World War II.International criminal networks traffic drugs, weapons, people; force dislocation and mass migration; threaten our borders; and new forms of aggression exploit technology to menace our citizens.To put it simply, we meet at a time of both of immense promise and great peril. It is entirely up to us whether we lift the world to new heights, or let it fall into a valley of disrepair.We have it in our power, should we so choose, to lift millions from poverty, to help our citizens realize their dreams, and to ensure that new generations of children are raised free from violence, hatred, and fear.This institution was founded in the aftermath of two world wars to help shape this better future. It was based on the vision that diverse nations could cooperate to protect their sovereignty, preserve their security, and promote their prosperity.It was in the same period, exactly 70 years ago, that the United States developed the Marshall Plan to help restore Europe. Those three beautiful pillars   they re pillars of peace, sovereignty, security, and prosperity.The Marshall Plan was built on the noble idea that the whole world is safer when nations are strong, independent, and free. As President Truman said in his message to Congress at that time,  Our support of European recovery is in full accord with our support of the United Nations. The success of the United Nations depends upon the independent strength of its members. To overcome the perils of the present and to achieve the promise of the future, we must begin with the wisdom of the past. Our success depends on a coalition of strong and independent nations that embrace their sovereignty to promote security, prosperity, and peace for themselves and for the world.We do not expect diverse countries to share the same cultures, traditions, or even systems of government. But we do expect all nations to uphold these two core sovereign duties: to respect the interests of their own people and the rights of every other sovereign nation. This is the beautiful vision of this institution, and this is foundation for cooperation and success.Strong, sovereign nations let diverse countries with different values, different cultures, and different dreams not just coexist, but work side by side on the basis of mutual respect.Strong, sovereign nations let their people take ownership of the future and control their own destiny. And strong, sovereign nations allow individuals to flourish in the fullness of the life intended by God.In America, we do not seek to impose our way of life on anyone, but rather to let it shine as an example for everyone to watch. This week gives our country a special reason to take pride in that example. We are celebrating the 230th anniversary of our beloved Constitution   the oldest constitution still in use in the world today.This timeless document has been the foundation of peace, prosperity, and freedom for the Americans and for countless millions around the globe whose own countries have found inspiration in its respect for human nature, human dignity, and the rule of law.The greatest in the United States Constitution is its first three beautiful words. They are:  We the people. Generations of Americans have sacrificed to maintain the promise of those words, the promise of our country, and of our great history. In America, the people govern, the people rule, and the people are sovereign. I was elected not to take power, but to give power to the American people, where it belongs.In foreign affairs, we are renewing this founding principle of sovereignty. Our government s first duty is to its people, to our citizens   to serve their needs, to ensure their safety, to preserve their rights, and to defend their values.As President of the United States, I will always put America first, just like you, as the leaders of your countries will always, and should always, put your countries first. (Applause.)All responsible leaders have an obligation to serve their own citizens, and the nation-state remains the best vehicle for elevating the human condition.But making a better life for our people also requires us to work together in close harmony and unity to create a more safe and peaceful future for all people.The United States will forever be a great friend to the world, and especially to its allies. But we can no longer be taken advantage of, or enter into a one-sided deal where the United States gets nothing in return. As long as I hold this office, I will defend America s interests above all else.But in fulfilling our obligations to our own nations, we also realize that it s in everyone s interest to seek a future where all nations can be sovereign, prosperous, and secure.America does more than speak for the values expressed in the United Nations Charter. Our citizens have paid the ultimate price to defend our freedom and the freedom of many nations represented in this great hall. America s devotion is measured on the battlefields where our young men and women have fought and sacrificed alongside of our allies, from the beaches of Europe to the deserts of the Middle East to the jungles of Asia.It is an eternal credit to the American character that even after we and our allies emerged victorious from the bloodiest war in history, we did not seek territorial expansion, or attempt to oppose and impose our way of life on others. Instead, we helped build institutions such as this one to defend the sovereignty, security, and prosperity for all.For the diverse nations of the world, this is our hope. We want harmony and friendship, not conflict and strife. We are guided by outcomes, not ideology. We have a policy of principled realism, rooted in shared goals, interests, and values.That realism forces us to confront a question facing every leader and nation in this room. It is a question we cannot escape or avoid. We will slide down the path of complacency, numb to the challenges, threats, and even wars that we face. Or do we have enough strength and pride to confront those dangers today, so that our citizens can enjoy peace and prosperity tomorrow?If we desire to lift up our citizens, if we aspire to the approval of history, then we must fulfill our sovereign duties to the people we faithfully represent. We must protect our nations, their interests, and their futures. We must reject threats to sovereignty, from the Ukraine to the South China Sea. We must uphold respect for law, respect for borders, and respect for culture, and the peaceful engagement these allow. And just as the founders of this body intended, we must work together and confront together those who threaten us with chaos, turmoil, and terror.The scourge of our planet today is a small group of rogue regimes that violate every principle on which the United Nations is based. They respect neither their own citizens nor the sovereign rights of their countries.If the righteous many do not confront the wicked few, then evil will triumph. When decent people and nations become bystanders to history, the forces of destruction only gather power and strength.No one has shown more contempt for other nations and for the wellbeing of their own people than the depraved regime in North Korea. It is responsible for the starvation deaths of millions of North Koreans, and for the imprisonment, torture, killing, and oppression of countless more.We were all witness to the regime s deadly abuse when an innocent American college student, Otto Warmbier, was returned to America only to die a few days later. We saw it in the assassination of the dictator s brother using banned nerve agents in an international airport. We know it kidnapped a sweet 13-year-old Japanese girl from a beach in her own country to enslave her as a language tutor for North Korea s spies.If this is not twisted enough, now North Korea s reckless pursuit of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles threatens the entire world with unthinkable loss of human life.It is an outrage that some nations would not only trade with such a regime, but would arm, supply, and financially support a country that imperils the world with nuclear conflict. No nation on earth has an interest in seeing this band of criminals arm itself with nuclear weapons and missiles.The United States has great strength and patience, but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies, we will have no choice but to totally destroy North Korea. Rocket Man is on a suicide mission for himself and for his regime. The United States is ready, willing and able, but hopefully this will not be necessary. That s what the United Nations is all about; that s what the United Nations is for. Let s see how they do.It is time for North Korea to realize that the denuclearization is its only acceptable future. The United Nations Security Council recently held two unanimous 15-0 votes adopting hard-hitting resolutions against North Korea, and I want to thank China and Russia for joining the vote to impose sanctions, along with all of the other members of the Security Council. Thank you to all involved.But we must do much more. It is time for all nations to work together to isolate the Kim regime until it ceases its hostile behavior.We face this decision not only in North Korea. It is far past time for the nations of the world to confront another reckless regime   one that speaks openly of mass murder, vowing death to America, destruction to Israel, and ruin for many leaders and nations in this room.The Iranian government masks a corrupt dictatorship behind the false guise of a democracy. It has turned a wealthy country with a rich history and culture into an economically depleted rogue state whose chief exports are violence, bloodshed, and chaos. The longest-suffering victims of Iran s leaders are, in fact, its own people.Rather than use its resources to improve Iranian lives, its oil profits go to fund Hezbollah and other terrorists that kill innocent Muslims and attack their peaceful Arab and Israeli neighbors. This wealth, which rightly belongs to Iran s people, also goes to shore up Bashar al-Assad s dictatorship, fuel Yemen s civil war, and undermine peace throughout the entire Middle East.We cannot let a murderous regime continue these destabilizing activities while building dangerous missiles, and we cannot abide by an agreement if it provides cover for the eventual construction of a nuclear program. (Applause.) The Iran Deal was one of the worst and most one-sided transactions the United States has ever entered into. Frankly, that deal is an embarrassment to the United States, and I don t think you ve heard the last of it   believe me.It is time for the entire world to join us in demanding that Iran s government end its pursuit of death and destruction. It is time for the regime to free all Americans and citizens of other nations that they have unjustly detained. And above all, Iran s government must stop supporting terrorists, begin serving its own people, and respect the sovereign rights of its neighbors.The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change, and, other than the vast military power of the United States, that Iran s people are what their leaders fear the most. This is what causes the regime to restrict Internet access, tear down satellite dishes, shoot unarmed student protestors, and imprison political reformers.Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever, and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice. Will they continue down the path of poverty, bloodshed, and terror? Or will the Iranian people return to the nation s proud roots as a center of civilization, culture, and wealth where their people can be happy and prosperous once again?The Iranian regime s support for terror is in stark contrast to the recent commitments of many of its neighbors to fight terrorism and halt its financing.In Saudi Arabia early last year, I was greatly honored to address the leaders of more than 50 Arab and Muslim nations. We agreed that all responsible nations must work together to confront terrorists and the Islamist extremism that inspires them.We will stop radical Islamic terrorism because we cannot allow it to tear up our nation, and indeed to tear up the entire world.We must deny the terrorists safe haven, transit, funding, and any form of support for their vile and sinister ideology. We must drive them out of our nations. It is time to expose and hold responsible those countries who support and finance terror groups like al Qaeda, Hezbollah, the Taliban and others that slaughter innocent people.The United States and our allies are working together throughout the Middle East to crush the loser terrorists and stop the reemergence of safe havens they use to launch attacks on all of our people.Last month, I announced a new strategy for victory in the fight against this evil in Afghanistan. From now on, our security interests will dictate the length and scope of military operations, not arbitrary benchmarks and timetables set up by politicians.I have also totally changed the rules of engagement in our fight against the Taliban and other terrorist groups. In Syria and Iraq, we have made big gains toward lasting defeat of ISIS. In fact, our country has achieved more against ISIS in the last eight months than it has in many, many years combined.We seek the de-escalation of the Syrian conflict, and a political solution that honors the will of the Syrian people. The actions of the criminal regime of Bashar al-Assad, including the use of chemical weapons against his own citizens   even innocent children   shock the conscience of every decent person. No society can be safe if banned chemical weapons are allowed to spread. That is why the United States carried out a missile strike on the airbase that launched the attack.We appreciate the efforts of United Nations agencies that are providing vital humanitarian assistance in areas liberated from ISIS, and we especially thank Jordan, Turkey and Lebanon for their role in hosting refugees from the Syrian conflict.The United States is a compassionate nation and has spent billions and billions of dollars in helping to support this effort. We seek an approach to refugee resettlement that is designed to help these horribly treated people, and which enables their eventual return to their home countries, to be part of the rebuilding process.For the cost of resettling one refugee in the United States, we can assist more than 10 in their home region. Out of the goodness of our hearts, we offer financial assistance to hosting countries in the region, and we support recent agreements of the G20 nations that will seek to host refugees as close to their home countries as possible. This is the safe, responsible, and humanitarian approach.For decades, the United States has dealt with migration challenges here in the Western Hemisphere. We have learned that, over the long term, uncontrolled migration is deeply unfair to both the sending and the receiving countries.For the sending countries, it reduces domestic pressure to pursue needed political and economic reform, and drains them of the human capital necessary to motivate and implement those reforms.For the receiving countries, the substantial costs of uncontrolled migration are borne overwhelmingly by low-income citizens whose concerns are often ignored by both media and government.I want to salute the work of the United Nations in seeking to address the problems that cause people to flee from their homes. The United Nations and African Union led peacekeeping missions to have invaluable contributions in stabilizing conflicts in Africa. The United States continues to lead the world in humanitarian assistance, including famine prevention and relief in South Sudan, Somalia, and northern Nigeria and Yemen.We have invested in better health and opportunity all over the world through programs like PEPFAR, which funds AIDS relief; the President s Malaria Initiative; the Global Health Security Agenda; the Global Fund to End Modern Slavery; and the Women Entrepreneurs Finance Initiative, part of our commitment to empowering women all across the globe.We also thank   (applause)   we also thank the Secretary General for recognizing that the United Nations must reform if it is to be an effective partner in confronting threats to sovereignty, security, and prosperity. Too often the focus of this organization has not been on results, but on bureaucracy and process.In some cases, states that seek to subvert this institution s noble aims have hijacked the very systems that are supposed to advance them. For example, it is a massive source of embarrassment to the United Nations that some governments with egregious human rights records sit on the U.N. Human Rights Council.The United States is one out of 193 countries in the United Nations, and yet we pay 22 percent of the entire budget and more. In fact, we pay far more than anybody realizes. The United States bears an unfair cost burden, but, to be fair, if it could actually accomplish all of its stated goals, especially the goal of peace, this investment would easily be well worth it.Major portions of the world are in conflict and some, in fact, are going to hell. But the powerful people in this room, under the guidance and auspices of the United Nations, can solve many of these vicious and complex problems.The American people hope that one day soon the United Nations can be a much more accountable and effective advocate for human dignity and freedom around the world. In the meantime, we believe that no nation should have to bear a disproportionate share of the burden, militarily or financially. Nations of the world must take a greater role in promoting secure and prosperous societies in their own regions.That is why in the Western Hemisphere, the United States has stood against the corrupt and destabilizing regime in Cuba and embraced the enduring dream of the Cuban people to live in freedom. My administration recently announced that we will not lift sanctions on the Cuban government until it makes fundamental reforms.We have also imposed tough, calibrated sanctions on the socialist Maduro regime in Venezuela, which has brought a once thriving nation to the brink of total collapse.The socialist dictatorship of Nicolas Maduro has inflicted terrible pain and suffering on the good people of that country. This corrupt regime destroyed a prosperous nation by imposing a failed ideology that has produced poverty and misery everywhere it has been tried. To make matters worse, Maduro has defied his own people, stealing power from their elected representatives to preserve his disastrous rule.The Venezuelan people are starving and their country is collapsing. Their democratic institutions are being destroyed. This situation is completely unacceptable and we cannot stand by and watch.As a responsible neighbor and friend, we and all others have a goal. That goal is to help them regain their freedom, recover their country, and restore their democracy. I would like to thank leaders in this room for condemning the regime and providing vital support to the Venezuelan people.The United States has taken important steps to hold the regime accountable. We are prepared to take further action if the government of Venezuela persists on its path to impose authoritarian rule on the Venezuelan people.We are fortunate to have incredibly strong and healthy trade relationships with many of the Latin American countries gathered here today. Our economic bond forms a critical foundation for advancing peace and prosperity for all of our people and all of our neighbors.I ask every country represented here today to be prepared to do more to address this very real crisis. We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela. (Applause.)The problem in Venezuela is not that socialism has been poorly implemented, but that socialism has been faithfully implemented. (Applause.) From the Soviet Union to Cuba to Venezuela, wherever true socialism or communism has been adopted, it has delivered anguish and devastation and failure. Those who preach the tenets of these discredited ideologies only contribute to the continued suffering of the people who live under these cruel systems.America stands with every person living under a brutal regime. Our respect for sovereignty is also a call for action. All people deserve a government that cares for their safety, their interests, and their wellbeing, including their prosperity.In America, we seek stronger ties of business and trade with all nations of good will, but this trade must be fair and it must be reciprocal.For too long, the American people were told that mammoth multinational trade deals, unaccountable international tribunals, and powerful global bureaucracies were the best way to promote their success. But as those promises flowed, millions of jobs vanished and thousands of factories disappeared. Others gamed the system and broke the rules. And our great middle class, once the bedrock of American prosperity, was forgotten and left behind, but they are forgotten no more and they will never be forgotten again.While America will pursue cooperation and commerce with other nations, we are renewing our commitment to the first duty of every government: the duty of our citizens. This bond is the source of America s strength and that of every responsible nation represented here today.If this organization is to have any hope of successfully confronting the challenges before us, it will depend, as President Truman said some 70 years ago, on the  independent strength of its members.  If we are to embrace the opportunities of the future and overcome the present dangers together, there can be no substitute for strong, sovereign, and independent nations   nations that are rooted in their histories and invested in their destinies; nations that seek allies to befriend, not enemies to conquer; and most important of all, nations that are home to patriots, to men and women who are willing to sacrifice for their countries, their fellow citizens, and for all that is best in the human spirit.In remembering the great victory that led to this body s founding, we must never forget that those heroes who fought against evil also fought for the nations that they loved.Patriotism led the Poles to die to save Poland, the French to fight for a free France, and the Brits to stand strong for Britain.Today, if we do not invest ourselves, our hearts, and our minds in our nations, if we will not build strong families, safe communities, and healthy societies for ourselves, no one can do it for us.We cannot wait for someone else, for faraway countries or far-off bureaucrats   we can t do it. We must solve our problems, to build our prosperity, to secure our futures, or we will be vulnerable to decay, domination, and defeat.The true question for the United Nations today, for people all over the world who hope for better lives for themselves and their children, is a basic one: Are we still patriots? Do we love our nations enough to protect their sovereignty and to take ownership of their futures? Do we revere them enough to defend their interests, preserve their cultures, and ensure a peaceful world for their citizens?One of the greatest American patriots, John Adams, wrote that the American Revolution was  effected before the war commenced. The Revolution was in the minds and hearts of the people. That was the moment when America awoke, when we looked around and understood that we were a nation. We realized who we were, what we valued, and what we would give our lives to defend. From its very first moments, the American story is the story of what is possible when people take ownership of their future.The United States of America has been among the greatest forces for good in the history of the world, and the greatest defenders of sovereignty, security, and prosperity for all.Now we are calling for a great reawakening of nations, for the revival of their spirits, their pride, their people, and their patriotism.History is asking us whether we are up to the task. Our answer will be a renewal of will, a rediscovery of resolve, and a rebirth of devotion. We need to defeat the enemies of humanity and unlock the potential of life itself.Our hope is a word and world of proud, independent nations that embrace their duties, seek friendship, respect others, and make common cause in the greatest shared interest of all: a future of dignity and peace for the people of this wonderful Earth.This is the true vision of the United Nations, the ancient wish of every people, and the deepest yearning that lives inside every sacred soul.So let this be our mission, and let this be our message to the world: We will fight together, sacrifice together, and stand together for peace, for freedom, for justice, for family, for humanity, and for the almighty God who made us all.Thank you. God bless you. God bless the nations of the world. And God bless the United States of America. Thank you very much.",0
15941,BREAKING: Trump Was Right! Trump Campaign Manager Wiretapped,"President Trump was right again! His campaign manager was wiretapped so he was possibly surveilled indirectly.The FBI s effort the second time the FISA warrant was issued is unconstitutional. The fake Russian dossier was put forward to allow the door to be open for surveillance:BOOM: Second Wiretap on Manafort could have been illegal b/c they obtained FISA request based on FAKE TRUMP DOSSIER that FBI payed 100K for! pic.twitter.com/DeGadGnM91   STOCK MONSTER  (@StockMonsterUSA) September 18, 2017WAS THE RUSSIAN DOSSIER MADE UP TO OPEN THE DOOR FOR WIRETAPPING?Sources say the second warrant was part of the FBI s efforts to investigate ties between Trump campaign associates and suspected Russian operatives. Such warrants require the approval of top Justice Department and FBI officials, and the FBI must provide the court with information showing suspicion that the subject of the warrant may be acting as an agent of a foreign power. Very wrong!PAUL MANAFORT WIRETAPPED US investigators wiretapped former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort under secret court orders before and after the election, sources tell CNN, an extraordinary step involving a high-ranking campaign official now at the center of the Russia meddling probe.The government snooping continued into early this year, including a period when Manafort was known to talk to President Donald Trump. Some of the intelligence collected includes communications that sparked concerns among investigators that Manafort had encouraged the Russians to help with the campaign, according to three sources familiar with the investigation. Two of these sources, however, cautioned that the evidence is not conclusive.Special counsel Robert Mueller s team, which is leading the investigation into Russia s involvement in the election, has been provided details of these communications.A secret order authorized by the court that handles the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) began after Manafort became the subject of an FBI investigation that began in 2014. It centered on work done by a group of Washington consulting firms for Ukraine s former ruling party, the sources told CNN. The surveillance was discontinued at some point last year for lack of evidence, according to one of the sources.The FBI then restarted the surveillance after obtaining a new FISA warrant that extended at least into early this year. Sources say the second warrant was part of the FBI s efforts to investigate ties between Trump campaign associates and suspected Russian operatives. Such warrants require the approval of top Justice Department and FBI officials, and the FBI must provide the court with information showing suspicion that the subject of the warrant may be acting as an agent of a foreign power.Read more: CNN",0
15942,Finger Wagging Maxine Waters on Illegal Aliens and the Wall: ‘This is their country!’ [Video],"Maxine Waters is one angry woman. She has gone non-stop with attacks on President Trump since he was elected. Speaking to the Westchester-Playa Democratic Club at an LA church in April, Waters defended illegal immigrants, saying America is  their country.  No, America is not their country.  This is their country! THE QUEEN OF THE RESISTANCE MOVEMENT: But, we ve got to resist that. We ve not only got to resist that, we ve got to stand up for our friends, for our neighbors. It is  what God would have us do I m hoping and praying that this wall will never be built, and if we impeach him, we know it s not going to get built. WHAT ABOUT THE WALL?  AUNTIE  MAXINE HAS A WALL! WHY NOT AMERICA? Auntie  Maxine has a big wall so why can t the rest of America have a wall? Walls must be for the little people Speaking of walls, look at this giant wall around your mansion, @repmaxinewaters #WallsWork #VoteOmarNavarro2018https://t.co/RuORrn21KX pic.twitter.com/OkkncT6U0k  Omar Navarro (@RealOmarNavarro) September 11, 2017A wall is good enough for Maxine Waters  mansion, but she doesn t think the country should have one to protect against illegal immigration.Waters  opponent, Omar Navarro, posted video of a hedge wall surrounding the congresswoman s property that protects her from the unwashed masses.Waters  home is in Hancock Park, a tony neighborhood in Los Angeles, which he said is outside the 43rd congressional district in California.Here s a Google street view of the property:Both Zillow and House Canary   two website that estimate the value of residential properties   report Waters  home on Lucerne Boulevard is valued at $3.9 million.Waters has said that she plans to impeach Trump to stop him from building a wall to protect the United States.",0
15943,Socialist Utopia of Venezuela Tells People to Eat Their Pets," GENERALLY, VENEZUELANS DO NOT EAT RABBITS AND SEE THEM AS PETS The Venezuelan government just urged its citizens to eat their pet rabbits so they won t starve to death. A severe food crisis is part of the socialist utopia that just keeps going downhill. What s next? Cannibalism?President Nicolas Maduro unveiled a government program called  Plan Rabbit  at a meeting with his agriculture minister, Freddy Bernal, that was broadcast on Periscope, CNN Money reported. It s a plan to distribute rabbits to communities across Venezuela to breed and eat. Maduro noted that rabbits breed quickly and are a good source of protein, but not cholesterol.GOVERNMENT PUSHES A  CHANGE IN CONSUMPTION PATTERNS The rabbit isn t a pet, it s only two and a half kilos of meat,  Bernal stressed in the streamed announcement. He then invoked President Donald Trump to push the program. Trump s attack against the Venezuelan people is an opportunity to revise and change cultural consumption patterns,  he said.Venezuelan opposition leaders immediately slammed the move. Are you serious?  asked former presidential candidate Henrique Capriles in a video response.  You want people to start raising rabbits to solve the problem of hunger in our country? A 2016 study found that three-fourths of Venezuelans had lost almost twenty pounds on average over the course of the year. Meat is particularly scarce in the South American nation, with citizens even resorting to butchering zoo animals, according to police.Most economists agree the mass hunger is the result of socialist government policies spearheaded by former Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez and Maduro, his successor. Chavez instituted price controls on many food items, which helped lead to shortages and massive inflation.We ve previously reported on shortages of food and even toilet paper in Venezuela.BYOTP! NO TOILET PAPER AND NO FOODSocialism doesn t work but I guess Venezuela didn t get the memo. No toilet paper? No food? Yes, it s come to that in this socialist hellhole Venezuela s product shortages have become so severe that some hotels in that country are asking guests to bring their own toilet paper and soap, a local tourism industry spokesman said on Wednesday .  It s an extreme situation,  says Xinia Camacho, owner of a 20-room boutique hotel in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada national park.  For over a year we haven t had toilet paper, soap, any kind of milk, coffee or sugar. So we have to tell our guests to come prepared.  Montilla says bigger hotels can circumvent product shortages by buying toilet paper and other basic supplies from black market smugglers who charge up to 6-times the regular price. But smaller, family-run hotels can t always afford to pay such steep prices, which means that sometimes they have to make do without.READ MORE: WFB ",0
15944,The Angry Left Attacks Trump for Letting 11-Year Old Mow White House Lawn [Video],"President Trump just made an 11-year old boy s wish come true but the left is in a tizzy over it. Frank Giaccio wrote to the president offering to cut the White House lawn. He usually charges $8 dollars but offered to cut the grass at no charge LOL! The president took him up on the offer! Frank was seen mowing the lawn yesterday:A great moment but the left didn t think so. President Trump was hammered on twitter for supposed child labor violations Can you believe it? Trump is bashed for this awesome moment of fun with a young American who is working hard to make money?HERE S MORE ON WHAT HAPPENED YESTERDAY AND JUST HOW GREAT THIS WAS   NO MATTER WHAT THE LEFT SAYS!The National Park Service might be out of a job keeping the White House grounds maintained. A 10-year-old boy named Frank wrote President Donald Trump to offer his lawn mowing services  at no charge    and we all know the President loves a good deal. So Frank mowed away this morning!President Trump tweeted out: Frank  FX  Giaccio-On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania & myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+!Frank  FX  Giaccio- On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania & myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+! pic.twitter.com/135DxuapUI  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 15, 2017",0
15945,10-Year Old Writes to Trump Asking to Mow The White House Lawn…He Got The Chance This Morning! [Video],"The National Park Service might be out of a job keeping the White House grounds maintained. A 10-year-old boy named Frank wrote President Donald Trump to offer his lawn mowing services  at no charge    and we all know the President loves a good deal. So Frank mowed away this morning!President Trump tweeted out: Frank  FX  Giaccio-On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania & myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+!Frank  FX  Giaccio-On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania & myself, THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning! @NatlParkService gives you an A+! pic.twitter.com/135DxuapUI  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 15, 2017 HERE S WHAT HAPPENED IN EARLY AUGUST:Note to media: If you won t report the good things surrounding Trump s spectacular 6 months in office, including positive stories involving scores of his supporters of all ages, ethnicities and genders, Sarah Huckabee Sanders will.Here's Sarah Huckabee Sanders reading a letter from 10-year-old Frank from Virginia https://t.co/0TCpj3P2xE  Meg Wagner (@megwagner) August 2, 2017This smart little entrepreneur clearly touched the president s heart with this letter: Dear Mr. President,It would be my honor to mow the White House lawn for some weekend for you, even though I m only 10, I d like to show the nation what young people like me are ready for. I admire your business background and have started my own business. I ve been mowing my neighbors  lawns for some time, please see the attached flyer, here s a list of what I have and you re free to pick whatever you want: power mower, push mower, and weed whacker, I can bring extra fuel for the power mower and charge batteries for the weed whacker, and I ll do that with no charge.Sincerely,Frank. Huckabee-Sanders, who is a mother of 3 young children, was probably tickled pink to offer President Trump s response to this ambitious young man in person: Frank, I m happy to report back to you that I just spoke with the President, he wanted me to be sure and tell you that you re doing a great job and keep working hard. He also asked me, we found out when we called, to let you know that we would be reading this letter to wish you a happy birthday. I think Frank went from 10 to 11 in the time that we received and were able to respond to this letter, and he also wanted to invite you to spend a morning here at the White House with the groundskeeper. ",0
15946,"Democrat Corey Booker Backs Single-Payer and Wide Open Borders: ‘Build Tunnels, Not Walls’ [Video]","This is why we cannot do deals with Democrats We re worlds apart in what we want for America. New Jersey Dem Senator Corey Booker is all for freebies in every way He thinks healthcare should be  a right for all  and believes we should build bridges and tunnels, not walls for illegals I think the wall is a dead end, and I think that people in New Jersey know. Why would we spend billions of dollars to build a wall that even southern states congress people and senators know wouldn t do anything to really add security to this country?  Booker said to NJTV News.  In a time when we should be building bridges not walls, building tunnels in this region, not walls. Booker s appearance was supposed to be about his announcement that he would be co-sponsoring Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders  single-payer health care bill.SINGLE PAYER THE END-GAME FOR DEMOCRATSThe plan is called  Medicare for All,  and would expand the federal health care program that covers those over 65 to all Americans.Under a single-payer system, the federal government cover medical expenses, which Booker supports.  You should not be punished because you are working-class or poor and be denied health care. I think health care should be a right to all,  said Booker.  This is something that s got to happen. Obamacare was a first step in advancing this country, but I won t rest until every American has a basic security that comes with having access to affordable health care. Remember Gruber? Obamacare Architect Admits Public Option Was the Pathway to Single Payer YES, THIS WAS THE SCHEME ALL ALONG. DOES ANYONE TRUST THE DEMOCRATS ANYMORE?",0
15947,President Trump’s Moving Pentagon Speech and Commemoration of 9-11 Attacks with White House Ceremony [Video],President Trump and First Lady Melania commemorate the 9-11 terror attacks at a ceremony this morning on the 16 anniversary of a day that would change America forever. The Pentagon speech is below the White house videos.The full White House ceremony starts at the :26 mark:President Trump gave a speech at the Pentagon:A heartfelt moment of remembrance from President Trump He spoke of what was a normal morning all over America that turned into horror for the nation. Then  America was under attack It was the worst attack since Pearl Harbor ,0
15948,DC Park Police Raid and Tear Down ‘Anti-Trump’ Camp Occupying DC Park [VIDEO],"Officials allegedly affiliated with the United States Park Police removed tents, tables, chairs, and other gear affiliated with the occupation of Farragut Square early Saturday morning in Washington, D.C. The video is sideways The police action that protestors on the ground described as a  raid  began around 4:00 a.m. Saturday, and ended roughly an hour later, according to the Facebook Live feed published by the group Impeachment Square.The group s Facebook page had this message:At 4 AM on Saturday morning, US Park Police removed all  structures  connected with the Impeachment Square Vigil to Confront White Supremacy from Farragut Square in Washington DC. The vigil was led by people from Charlottesville and across the country who had marched 118 miles from downtown Charlottesville to Washington to call for all white supremacists to be removed from government, including the President.One of the organizers:  It speaks volumes about our country that a permit would be issued for a white supremacist rally, yet our nonviolent 24-hour vigil against our white supremacist government would be broken up by a public institution. We are disappointed, frustrated, but resolved. We took as many reasonable steps as we could in the time available to us, but still had many donated goods to support the march and the vigil confiscated. Our next step is to march on the White House to bring our message to the President himself THE ORGANIZERS WERE SQUATING IN THE PARK WITHOUT A PERMIT:GOOD LUCK WITH THAT! ",0
15949,What Sign Language is This? Man Causes A Stir On Social Media During Gov. Scott’s Florida Presser on #HurricaneIrma [Video],"The man giving out sign language during Governor Scott s presser has caused a stir on social media. Is this REALLY sign language? His facial expressions are interesting What do you think?What sign language is this here pic.twitter.com/HP0deJAGhY  Jack Posobiec   (@JackPosobiec) September 9, 2017 Gov. Scott:  If you ve been ordered to evacuate, you need to leave now Not tonight, not in an hour. You need to go right now  Here s another look at the sign language technique of this man who is full of expression:Gov. Scott:  If you ve been ordered to evacuate, you need to leave now Not tonight, not in an hour. You need to go right now.  #Irma pic.twitter.com/lNhfeA67TH  ABC News (@ABC) September 9, 2017This is some kind of animated sign language. Does anyone out there know if this is the official technique for the words used or is this guy just  out there  with his expressions?Storm Update:Hurricane Irma has moved a little West but officials are warning the people of Miami NOT to return there and to stay put. The outer rings of the storm will also bring storm surge so it s important to remain in shelters and evacuated.Stay safe Florida!LIVE FEED TRACKING THE STORM:Hurricane Irma is moving west in the Atlantic. The storm spent most of its time with 185 mph winds, now hovering around 175. The most recent projections place the hurricane approaching Florida by Saturday or Sunday. But there are many other islands in its path before then. Above is a live radar feed of Hurricane Irma, showing the storm s location in case you want to keep an eye on it. The audio also has a constant stream of updates about the storm. The feed periodically switches to live webcams of areas expected to be impacted by the storm.",0
15950,#Irma Update: Latest Look as Hurricane Strengthens to Cat 5…’A Great Danger to Florida Keys’,"Hurricane Irma is moving a little west. The Category 5 Hurricane ready to hit Florida is first a great danger to the Florida Keys on SUNDAY. Storm surge is expected to be 10-12 feet. Please pray for the people of Florida.IRMA HITS THE KEYS ON SUNDAY:Meteorologists expect the powerful hurricane to hit the Sunshine State between 5am and 7am ET on Sunday.  Obviously Hurricane Irma continues to be a threat that is going to devastate the United States,  Brock Long, administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), said at a press conference Friday morning.  We re going to have a couple rough days. The storm was first downgraded from a Category 5 to a Category 4 earlier on Friday morning, but as of 5pm ET on Friday, it is predicted to hit the U.S. as a Category 5. This will only be the fourth time ever a Category 5 has hit US mainland. As of 6.30pm ET Friday, the hurricane is moving west at 12 mph and located 345 miles southeast of Miami. Government officials along with the National Hurricane Center have cautioned that Irma is  extremely dangerous  with maximum sustained winds of 155 mph. That s strong enough to bring down power poles, uproot trees and rip the roofs off of homes. In preparation for what is predicted to be the most powerful hurricane to hit the United States in years, an estimated 1.4million people have been given mandatory evacuation orders in both Florida and Georgia.THE TRAFFIC LEAVING FLORIDA IS BUMPER TO BUMPER:A BUSINESS OWNER CUTTING PRICES INSTEAD OF GOUGING:Read more: DM",0
15951,We need a ‘one pager’ tax form – Wilbur Ross on Tax Reform [Video],"Wilbur Ross spoke with WaPo about  true  tax reform He did a great job explaining his position on simplifying and cutting taxes. He said the W2 should be a  one pager . He believes it takes entirely too long for the average employee to do taxes We say Amen to that!If Congress doesn t get in the way, tax cuts and simplification are a possibility. Ross is such a great pick for President Trump. he s another one who doesn t need this job at all but is doing it for America. Pretty awesome!MORE ON WILBUR ROSS:WILBUR ROSS ON NEIL CAVUTO: Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross is one smart man when it comes to making an economic argument against the Paris Accord. He appeared on Neil Cavuto right before President Trump spoke and brilliantly discussed why we need to get out of this boondoggle that will drain America of trillions of dollars. We re so lucky he s our Commerce Secretary! He s apolitical and strictly looking at what s best for America financially.WILBUR ROSS TAKES ON MATT LAUER: Wilbur Ross, Secretary of Commerce, tells that President Trump s decision to withdraw from the Paris climate accord does not mean that the U.S. will do nothing to combat climate change. He says that President Trump  is an environmentalist  and that the decision will do nothing to damage America s national security. Yes, you can be an environmentalist and care about the planet BUT not be for this boondoggle!",0
15952,Report: Facebook’s Zuckerberg Gave FBI’s Mueller Info for Russia Investigation,"The information below is almost like a satire piece from The Onion. It s so funny that anyone could claim that ads are believed to have swayed the election.How about the fact that Clinton was a horrible candidate? How about the fact that the American people are 100% FED Up! with phony career politicians. The  report  from Facebook was turned over to special counsel Robert Mueller. What a joke! THIS PROVES ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!A WHOPPING $100,000 ON ADS:Facebook has turned over all information about ads  likely  purchased by Russian operatives to special counsel Robert Mueller, according to a report.A source familiar with the matter told Reuters on Wednesday that the social media giant had sent the former FBI director data including copies of the ads and the identity of the buyers. That report followed news that an internal Facebook investigation found it is agents of the Kremlin may have spent $100,000 on ads with  divisive messages  between June 2015 and May 2017.A Facebook blog post published on Wednesday said the operation involved 3,000 separate ads over a two-year period and was likely to have been run out of Russia. In addition, Facebook found 470 affiliated fake accounts and pages.PRESIDENT TRUMP IS CORRECT   IT S A  WITCH HUNT :Mueller is investigating Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election and whether the Trump campaign colluded with the Kremlin. The investigation has dogged and frustrated President Donald Trump, who has called it a  witch hunt  and a  hoax. According to Facebook, about $50,000 of the funds   about 2,200 ads   were potentially related to affecting U.S. politics. The majority of the ads did not reference the presidential election, voting or a specific candidate. However, the ads focused on  divisive social and political messages  about hot-button topics including LGBT rights, race, immigration and gun rights. Facebook has shared its findings with U.S. authorities.WHAAAAT?  EVIDENCE  OF WHAT EXACTLY?Facebook said in April that it found evidence some groups used its platform to sway the outcome of the election.It did not specify targets or who was behind the attack, but said its own findings did  not contradict  a U.S. Director of National Intelligence report in January about Russian efforts to influence the election.Via: CNBC ",0
15953,Wow! Total Clown John Kasich Blasts Trump…Invites All Illegals To Ohio [Video],"Ohio Governor John Kasich: Dreamers didn t choose to come here, but they made the best of it. We should welcome them   Ohio welcomes them Dreamers didn t choose to come here, but they made the best of it. We should welcome them   Ohio welcomes them. pic.twitter.com/gZKgsnIcgb  John Kasich (@JohnKasich) September 6, 2017Cleveland 19 reported:Ohio s outspoken Republican governor on Wednesday blasted President Donald Trump s decision to begin dismantling the Obama-era program protecting young immigrants brought into the country illegally.On  CBS This Morning,  Gov. John Kasich said  putting kids, young people who are contributors in jeopardy  isn t the American way. This is not the America that we all love. This is a melting pot,  Kasich said.  And, by the way, if the Dreamers want to go somewhere and live? Come to Ohio. We want all the immigrants to come to Ohio, because we know how much they contribute to America. Kasich, a 2016 presidential rival, was reacting to Trump s plan to reject all new applications to the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, or DACA, and formally rescind the program.[ ]Kasich, the grandson of Czech and Croatian immigrants, observed on CBS:  I wouldn t be in America if it wasn t for immigration. Who knows? Maybe I d be the president of Croatia. Read more: Cleveleand 19",0
15954,"Ten Things We’ve Learned from Hurricane Harvey and the Texas Flood 2017: ‘Race doesn’t divide us, the media divides us’","Ten Things that we have learned from Hurricane Harvey and the Texas Flood 2017 .  1. AT&T was sketchy and Verizon is owned by a Cajun.  2. The Cajun Navy and Texan Navy are better equipped than the Fed Govt and are much faster.  3. Race does not divide us, the media divides us.  4. CNN stands for Covers Negative News and CN stands for Cajun Navy.  5. We will find the means to cook in any situation.  6. All Lives Matter .including animals.  7. No water is too deep or too shallow for passage.  8. A Cajun and a Texan can launch a boat anywhere including roadways.  9. Our strength is  Togetherness .  10. Under no circumstances will we be defeated.We love this list! What would you add to it?THE AMERICAN SPIRIT IS ALIVE AND WELL! MAGA!LOUISIANA CAME OUT STRONG FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP! SAY CHEEEESE! Harvey Evacuees Say Meeting President Trump Changed Their Opinion Of Him:Two women who took a selfie with President Trump (see video below) and had a chance to speak with him have a totally different view of him now:  I think he s a wonderful man! These #Harvey evacuees say meeting @realDonaldTrump changed their opinion of him. I think he s a wonderful man! https://t.co/FDOJhzNhAM pic.twitter.com/3K7r5Tauec  Elex Michaelson (@abc7elex) September 3, 2017These two women changed their opinion of Trump after this fun encounter:Together, we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas. We love you!GOD BLESS TEXAS & GOD BLESS THE USA  pic.twitter.com/1rzmEenQIb  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 3, 2017President Trump Serves Food at NRG Stadium: This is awesome! President Trump puts on gloves to serve food. He turns to the press and says   My hands are too big!  PresidentAs he puts on plastic gloves to serve food at NRG Stadium President Trump turns to press and says:  My hands are too big!  pic.twitter.com/WIUTLOS4XD  Pat Ward (@WardDPatrick) September 2, 2017President Trump hands out food boxes and meets with Harvey victims:  We will get through this and rebuild President Trump is handing out food boxes & meeting with #Harvey victims in Houston. We will get through this and rebuild.#TexasStrong   pic.twitter.com/4DAKfnBRIk  Alex   (@SoCal4Trump) September 2, 2017",0
15955,"Trump ‘Diversity Council’ Member Threatens to Quit If Trump Ends DACA…Bye, Bye! [Video]","A member of President Trump s  Diversity Council  is threatening to quit because he opposes Trump s cancelation of DACA. Bye Bye!Trump diversity council member tells @Acosta he may quit the council if Trump moves ahead to end DACA https://t.co/CCn90EgSdn  CNN Newsroom (@CNNnewsroom) September 4, 2017 I want to remind him and his team that from an economic standpoint, and again, we re business people if you look at this from a purely economic standpoint again, none of these young people gets government benefits of any sorts so they re not costing us anything. They pay over $2 billion in taxes Is anyone else out there sick of the American people being told illegals cost nothing?DACA Will Cost Americans And Their Government A Huge Amount of Money.On average, people with college degrees pay more in taxes than they receive in government benefits. People without a degree consume more taxes than they pay to federal, state and local tax officials.In 2013, a Heritage Foundation study showed that amnesty for 11 million illegals would spike federal spending by $6,300 billion over the next five decades. That is roughly equivalent to $550,000 per illegal, or $10,000 per illegal per year, much of which will be spent when the immigrant becomes eligible for Social Security and Medicare. That cost estimate does not include the extra costs created when immigrants use their new legal powers as a citizen to bring in more low-skilled migrants.If those 3 million DACA people and their parents soon become legal residents or citizens, then Obama s DACA will cost Americans roughly $1,700 billion over the next 50 years, according to Heritage Foundation s numbers.Moreover, the DACA migrants add to the flood of illegal labor that has driven down wages for ordinary Americans, including urban youths and recent immigrants. Currently, Americans lose roughly $500 billion a year from their salaries because of the immigration tax caused by cheap labor according to the academies  report.Via: GP",0
15956,Gov. Cuomo Defends Not Endorsing Mayor de Blasio…Speaks Up On ‘Offensive Statues’ Of Christopher Columbus,"NY Governor Andrew Cuomo made two shocking announcements regarding the Christopher Columbus Statues and about his decision not to endorse NY Mayor de Blasio.During an appearance at the West Indian Day Parade on Monday, Gov. Cuomo said statues of the famous Italian explorer should remain in the public square: The Christopher Columbus statue is really about honoring Italian Americans. I for one for obvious reasons happen to believe in the Italian-American heritage. I believe in the contribution Italian-Americans have made, just as I believe in celebrating the Caribbean and the Israel day parade. NO ENDORSEMENT?   A BATTLE ROYAL BETWEEN TWO DEM HEAVYWEIGHTSGov. Andrew Cuomo said he isn t endorsing Mayor Bill de Blasio for re-election   because he lives in Westchester. I don t vote in the primary election. I m a Westchester resident,  he said.  I m not voting in this election, so I don t have any primary endorsements at this time. The Democratic primary is Sept. 12, and de Blasio is heavily favored to win. The mayor endorsed Cuomo months before the Democratic primary in 2014.Cuomo s non-endorsement of de Blasio is just the latest example of sniping between the two Democratic Party power brokers. We didn t ask for his support,  said de Blasio campaign spokeswoman Monica Klein. A FIRESTORM OF CRITICISM If this doesn t sink the mayor s reelection efforts, we don t know what will! When de Blasio announced he would form a committee of people who would decide which statues are  offensive  then take them down, we knew it was going to be a rough go for de Blasio. You don t tell the Italian community to take down Christopher Columbus statues! Cuomo said it best when he finally came out with a statement in support of keeping the statues: The Italian American contribution and the Italian American culture is a big part if what makes New York, New York,  Cuomo said.There have been several protests regarding this move by de Blasio so he s now backtracking on his decision:Mayor de Blasio and Council Speaker Melissa Mark Viverito have come under a firestorm of criticism for mulling the removal of a Christopher Columbus statues   including the 76-foot structure in Columbus Square   as part of a review of offensive monuments. The mayor has backtracked following the outcry. There s no plan to remove the Columbus statue,  said de Blasio spokesman Eric Phillips.While the Italian explorer is revered for discovering the New World, Columbus  detractors said he mistreated and enslaved native Caribbean populations and doesn t deserve to be extolled.CUOMO NEEDED TO FIRST PUT HIS WET FINGER INTO THE WIND TO SEE HOW OPINION WAS GOINGIt s the first time Cuomo has waded in on the controversy after declining comment last week. The sniping has happened before between the aides of both camps:De Blasio, Cuomo aides engage in nasty Twitter feudREAD MORE: NYP",0
15957,"‘My Pillow’ CEO Mike Lindell Sending 60,000 Pillows to Houston [Video]","Who hasn t seen his commercials over and over and over for  My Pillow Mike Lindell just promised to send 60,000 pillows to Houston for help with Hurricane recovery in shelters.Who couldn t use a  My Pillow  to help them sleep?This is just one in so many examples of wonderful Americans who are giving of their time, effort and money.WCCO Minneapolis reported:Six trucks full of 60,000 pillows from MyPillow will soon be heading to shelters and rescue organizations in the Houston area.Founder Mike Lindell says he and his employees just want to help any way they can. Everyone affected down there, I just want to get them help, a little bit, a little bit of relief some good sleep,  Lindell said.  Sleep is so important, and a lot of them are in shelters right now and displaced. Lindell is heading down to Houston to hand out the pillows alongside his employees.AWESOME!",0
15958,WOW! Rebel Media Finds Shocking Evidence Implicating Son of DEM APPOINTED Judge In “Hate Crime” Trump Supporter Was FALSELY Charged With [VIDEO],"Rebel Media: Attacking someone for their politics could be expected from private citizens acting out against each other, but what about government and law enforcement officials?The Rebel has investigated the case of Mark Feigin, a California Trump supporter who was wrongfully accused of and charged with an anti-Muslim hate crime.On October 19, 2016, Feigin was arrested and charged with making a  criminal threat  and  annoying phone calls  against the Islamic Center of Southern California by the Los Angeles Police Department, and then by California Attorney General Kamala Harris.LAPD officers accused Feigin of making two threatening phone calls and claimed that they had traced the phone calls back to him, later labeling the calls a hate crime against Muslims.On October 19th, 2016, Feigin s home was raided by the LAPD and his weapons were confiscated and placed on display for the media during a press conference where the California Media and LAPD were complicit in portraying Feigin as a potential mass murderer.Cmdr. Horace Frank with the Los Angeles Police Department stated in a press conference in October 2016: The male caller threatened to kill the person who answered the phone along with other members of the center because of the caller s hatred for Muslims and his belief that Muslims will destroy the United States. The Rebel has obtained new documents and evidence through police disclosure surrounding the case which proves that the first phone call made to the Islamic Center came from the phone of a different California man, Michael Slawson.Michael Slawson is the son of Democratically appointed Los Angeles Superior Court Judge John Slawson.In other words, Slawson s father is a judge in the same justice system under which Feigin was charged.",0
15959,Is North Korea’s Kim Jong-un Considering Using 70-Year Old Biplanes to Go Undetected By Modern Radar?,"What will he think of next? Is Kim Jong-un is preparing his special forces for suicide parachute missions across the border on 70-year-old Stalin era biplanes?Footage has emerged of North Korean paratroops jumping from the aged aircraft from very low levels in a show of force.The aircraft, which were designed in 1947, have an incredibly low radar profile   meaning they are difficult to track using conventional radar. They also fly at such a slow speed that modern anti-aircraft systems are programmed to ignore their limited returns.Also, the aircraft can hug the earth meaning ground-based missile systems will not pick them up and supersonic attack jets will find difficulty in detecting them from above. The bottom of the wings and the fuselage of Kim s fleet of aircraft have been painted blue with the top of the wings is green as a form of camouflage to prevent both ground troops and aircraft spotting them. According to The Drive, the aircraft could even land on short sections of road, allowing their troops to disembark and begin a sneak attack. It is feared the old aircraft could even deliver a nuclear bomb   possibly in a suicide attack into a strategically vital location. It is believed North Korea has at least 1,000 artillery pieces within striking range of Seoul, the South Korean capital, which is home to 25 million people. Kim has claimed North Korea now has technology to miniaturise its nuclear weapons to fit onto an ballistic missile. North Korea could potentially load a bomb onto the back of an An-2   with its one-tonne cargo capacity   and detonate it over the south. Read more: Daily Mail ",0
15960,"Keith Olbermann to Betsy DeVos: “The Hurricane is Going to Do Less Damage to Schools Than You Are, Motherf*cker”","The lefty lunatic of the day just can t keep himself from being hateful and disgusting. It doesn t matter that he s calling a lady a  mother*cker . The vitriol is disgusting and has no place in ANY media outlet. Potty talk is for crybabies Keith Olbermann is a BIG one!The hatefulness coming from the left never ends If it s not Maxine Waters then it s DNC Chair Tom Perez with his potty mouth. Does the left think this will attract people to their party? They must Check out what Perez said about Republicans: OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON DNC CHAIR TOM PEREZ:  Republicans don t give a sh*t about people  DNC Chair Tom Perez was on MSNBC (video below) to answer to critics who didn t like his nasty speech last week.He appeared at an event held by New Jersey Working Families Alliance, a re-branded ACORN agency and gave a hateful and divisive speech. He claimed that, Republicans don t give a sh*t about people . Why the Democrats picked this far left radical is puzzling unless the Democrats plan on going full commie Perez is connected to the radical open borders group La Raza. Something tells us that Obama made this pick for the Democrats. Check out a defiant Perez doubling down on is nastiness:OUR PREVIOUS REPORT AND VIDEO BELOW:Perez has a long radical history connected to La Raza and other open borders organizations. His track record  is full on radical. e s in cahoots with Obama to continue the  fundamental transformation  of America. Anyone who s a Democrat should be shocked that he s taking the party in such a far left direction. Do your research and you ll know why he was the choice for Dem Chair.He just fired all Democrat Party staffers and is bringing in all new people. The party is clearly taking a new direction and it s not a good one for any American. DONALD TRUMP DIDN T WIN WATCH ENTIRE VIDEO:  Republicans don t give a sh*t about people  ",0
15961,LT GEN JOHN KELLY’S INCREDIBLE SPEECH Just Days After His Own Son Was Killed In Action: “Brave Men On Watch All Over the World Tonight—For YOU”,"Just days after the death of his own son in combat, Lt Gen John Kelly eulogized two other sons in an unforgettable manner:Two years ago when I was the Commander of all U.S. and Iraqi forces, in fact, the 22nd of April 2008, two Marine infantry battalions, 1/9  The Walking Dead,  and 2/8 were switching out in Ramadi. One battalion in the closing days of their deployment going home very soon, the other just starting its seven-month combat tour.Two Marines, Corporal Jonathan Yale and Lance Corporal Jordan Haerter, 22 and 20 years old respectively, one from each battalion, were assuming the watch together at the entrance gate of an outpost that contained a makeshift barracks housing 50 Marines.The same broken down ramshackle building was also home to 100 Iraqi police, also my men and our allies in the fight against the terrorists in Ramadi, a city until recently the most dangerous city on earth and owned by Al Qaeda. Yale was a dirt poor mixed-race kid from Virginia with a wife and daughter, and a mother and sister who lived with him and he supported as well. He did this on a yearly salary of less than $23,000. Haerter, on the other hand, was a middle class white kid from Long Island.They were from two completely different worlds. Had they not joined the Marines they would never have met each other, or understood that multiple America s exist simultaneously depending on one s race, education level, economic status, and where you might have been born. But they were Marines, combat Marines, forged in the same crucible of Marine training, and because of this bond they were brothers as close, or closer, than if they were born of the same woman.The mission orders they received from the sergeant squad leader I am sure went something like:  Okay you two clowns, stand this post and let no unauthorized personnel or vehicles pass.   You clear?  I am also sure Yale and Haerter then rolled their eyes and said in unison something like:  Yes Sergeant,  with just enough attitude that made the point without saying the words,  No kidding sweetheart, we know what we re doing.  They then relieved two other Marines on watch and took up their post at the entry control point of Joint Security Station Nasser, in the Sophia section of Ramadi, al Anbar, Iraq.A few minutes later a large blue truck turned down the alley way perhaps 60-70 yards in length and sped its way through the serpentine of concrete jersey walls. The truck stopped just short of where the two were posted and detonated, killing them both catastrophically. Twenty-four brick masonry houses were damaged or destroyed. A mosque 100 yards away collapsed. The truck s engine came to rest two hundred yards away knocking most of a house down before it stopped.Our explosive experts reckoned the blast was made of 2,000 pounds of explosives. Two died, and because these two young infantrymen didn t have it in their DNA to run from danger, they saved 150 of their Iraqi and American brothers-in-arms.When I read the situation report about the incident a few hours after it happened I called the regimental commander for details as something about this struck me as different. Marines dying or being seriously wounded is commonplace in combat. We expect Marines regardless of rank or MOS to stand their ground and do their duty, and even die in the process, if that is what the mission takes. But this just seemed different.The regimental commander had just returned from the site and he agreed, but reported that there were no American witnesses to the event just Iraqi police. I figured if there was any chance of finding out what actually happened and then to decorate the two Marines to acknowledge their bravery, I d have to do it as a combat award that requires two eye-witnesses and we figured the bureaucrats back in Washington would never buy Iraqi statements. If it had any chance at all, it had to come under the signature of a general officer.I traveled to Ramadi the next day and spoke individually to a half-dozen Iraqi police all of whom told the same story. The blue truck turned down into the alley and immediately sped up as it made its way through the serpentine. They all said,  We knew immediately what was going on as soon as the two Marines began firing.  The Iraqi police then related that some of them also fired, and then to a man, ran for safety just prior to the explosion.All survived. Many were injured   some seriously. One of the Iraqis elaborated and with tears welling up said,  They d run like any normal man would to save his life. What he didn t know until then, he said, and what he learned that very instant, was that Marines are not normal. Choking past the emotion he said,  Sir, in the name of God no sane man would have stood there and done what they did. No sane man. They saved us all. What we didn t know at the time, and only learned a couple of days later after I wrote a summary and submitted both Yale and Haerter for posthumous Navy Crosses, was that one of our security cameras, damaged initially in the blast, recorded some of the suicide attack. It happened exactly as the Iraqis had described it. It took exactly six seconds from when the truck entered the alley until it detonated.You can watch the last six seconds of their young lives. Putting myself in their heads I supposed it took about a second for the two Marines to separately come to the same conclusion about what was going on once the truck came into their view at the far end of the alley. Exactly no time to talk it over, or call the sergeant to ask what they should do. Only enough time to take half an instant and think about what the sergeant told them to do only a few minutes before:     let no unauthorized personnel or vehicles pass. The two Marines had about five seconds left to live. It took maybe another two seconds for them to present their weapons, take aim, and open up. By this time the truck was half-way through the barriers and gaining speed the whole time. Here, the recording shows a number of Iraqi police, some of whom had fired their AKs, now scattering like the normal and rational men they were some running right past the Marines. They had three seconds left to live.For about two seconds more, the recording shows the Marines  weapons firing non-stop the truck s windshield exploding into shards of glass as their rounds take it apart and tore in to the body of the son-of-a-bitch who is trying to get past them to kill their brothers American and Iraqi bedded down in the barracks totally unaware of the fact that their lives at that moment depended entirely on two Marines standing their ground. If they had been aware, they would have know they were safe   because two Marines stood between them and a crazed suicide bomber.The recording shows the truck careening to a stop immediately in front of the two Marines. In all of the instantaneous violence Yale and Haerter never hesitated. By all reports and by the recording, they never stepped back. They never even started to step aside. They never even shifted their weight. With their feet spread shoulder width apart, they leaned into the danger, firing as fast as they could work their weapons. They had only one second left to live.The truck explodes. The camera goes blank. Two young men go to their God.Six seconds.Not enough time to think about their families, their country, their flag, or about their lives or their deaths, but more than enough time for two very brave young men to do their duty   into eternity. That is the kind of people who are on watch all over the world tonight for you. ",0
15962,RESPECT! STUDENTS BRAVE POURING RAIN To Take Down American Flag,"Patriotism is alive and well at this Florida school!COOPERGATE SCHOOL S FACEBOOK PAGE HAS A STATEMENT ON WHAT TWO YOUNG PATRIOTS DID: This is what RESPECT looks like at Coppergate. Two of our safety patrols, Nate and Isaac, quietly went to the courtyard and completed their flag duty in a driving rainstorm.Not only did they bring the flag down, they also stood in the wind and rain and calmly completed the 13 folds. Then Nate protected the flag as he walked with honor and respect to retire it for the day. We are so proud of Nate and Isaac for their responsibility, respect, devotion to duty, and love of country.HERE S THE STORY: Two Florida elementary school students are being praised for their show of respect for the American flag despite the pouring rain.Isaac Davis and Nate Helmath, both 11 years old, are safety patrols at Coppergate Elementary School in Middleburg and are in charge of lowering Old Glory at dismissal time.However, last week, a torrential rainstorm passed over the school, making flag duty a wetter-than-usual experience. Still, driving rains could not stop Isaac and Nate from doing their duty.The two brought the flag down and completed the 13 folds while standing in the pouring rain.Via: FOX News",0
15963,AIRPORT PASSENGER “PAT DOWNS” Get More Intrusive With New Full-Body Groping Procedures,"One woman s awful experience at the airport could soon be what we all go through to travel by air. This is the day of terrorism where Islamists will do pretty much anything to hide explosives or a weapon so we now have to endure a very  intimate  examination in order to keep us all safe when flying. The new procedure was put in place a month ago-Please see the specifics below.Do you have a story to tell? We d like to hear it. Here s Jenna s story below:Jenna MacFarlane was on the way to visit a friend in Baltimore in April when her carry-on bag triggered an alarm at Charlotte s airport.A Transportation Security Administration screener told MacFarlane she would have to undergo a full-body pat-down by a female officer. Late for her flight and with no option other than to be searched in private, MacFarlane agreed.The pat-down, done over her clothes, explored her breasts, crotch and buttocks. I did not imagine that she would ask me a few times to spread my legs wider and in fact touch my vagina four times with the side of her hand,  MacFarlane later wrote in a complaint to the TSA.Just a month before her search, TSA had launched a new,  more involved  pat-down procedure:Pat-down procedures are used to determine whether prohibited items or other threats to transportation security are concealed on the person. You may be required to undergo a pat-down procedure if the screening technology alarms, as part of random or unpredictable security measures, for enhanced screening, or as an alternative to other types of screening, such as advanced imaging technology screening. Even passengers who normally receive expedited screening, such as TSA Pre  passengers, may at times receive a pat-down.A pat-down may include inspection of the head, neck, arms, torso, legs, and feet. This includes head coverings and sensitive areas such as breasts, groin, and the buttocks. You may be required to adjust clothing during the pat-down. The officer will advise you of the procedure to help you anticipate any actions before you feel them. Pat-downs require sufficient pressure to ensure detection, and areas may undergo a pat-down more than once for the TSA officer to confirm no threat items are detected.TSA officers use the back of the hands for pat-downs over sensitive areas of the body. In limited cases, additional screening involving a sensitive area pat-down with the front of the hand may be needed to determine that a threat does not exist.You will receive a pat-down by an officer of the same gender. TSA officers will explain the procedures to you as they conduct the pat-down. Please inform an officer if you have difficulty raising your arms or remaining in the position required; an external medical device; or areas of the body that are painful when touched. You may request a chair to sit if needed.At any time during the process, you may request private screening accompanied by a companion of your choice. A second officer of the same gender will always be present during private screening.Read more here: Charlotte Observer",0
15964,“DIRTY JOBS” HOST MIKE ROWE Absolutely Destroys Guy Who Called Him A White Nationalist," Dirty Jobs  host Mike Rowe went off on a guy who claimed Rowe is a  white nationalist . The usual happy-go-lucky Rowe was clearly ticked when he wrote back to Chuck Adkins.Chuck Adkins asked Rowe:  One of the tenants of white nationalism is that college educated people are academic elitists. Comment? No? I m not surprised. You never take a political stand because you don t want to alienate anybody. Its bad for business. I get it. But there is a current of anti intellectualism in this country   promoted by Republicans. Those people love you, and they think your initiative is their initiative. Meanwhile, the rest of the world is kickin our ass academically. Rowe responded with a blistering rebuke of Adkins and the liberal media: Since we re being candid, allow me to say how much I dislike your post. Everything about it annoys me   your smug and snarky tone, your appalling grammar, your complete lack of evidence to support your claims, and of course, the overarching logical fallacy that informs your entire position,  Rowe wrote.  What really bugs me though, is the fact that you re not entirely wrong. It s true; I haven t shared any political opinions this week, in part anyway, because doing so might very well be  bad for business. What can I say? I work for half-a-dozen different companies, none of whom pay me to share my political opinions. I run a non-partisan foundation, I m about to launch a new show on Facebook, and I m very aware that celebrities pay a price for opening their big fat gobs. Gilbert Gottfried, Kathy Griffin, Colin Kaepernick, Milo Yiannopoulos even that guy from Google who just got himself fired for mouthing off. There s no getting around it   the first amendment does not guarantee the freedom to speak without consequences. And really, that s fine by me,  he continued. So no   I m not going to share my personal feelings about Charlottesville, President Trump, or the current effort to remove thousands of statues of long dead soldiers from the public square. Not just because it s  bad for business,  but because it s annoying. I can t think of a single celebrity whose political opinion I value, and I m not going to assume the country feels any differently about mine,  Rowe wrote.  So, rather than blow myself up, or chime in with all the obvious observations about the cowardly scum in the pointy hats, I m going to talk instead about my belief that comments like yours pose a far greater threat to the future of our country than the existence of a memorial to Thomas Jefferson, or a monument to George Washington. Ready? Then Rowe started in on Adkins  insinuations. You say that White Nationalists believe that everyone who goes to college is an  academic elite.  You then say that Republicans promote  anti-intellectualism.  You offer no proof to support either claim, but it really doesn t matter   your statements successfully connect two radically different organizations by alleging a shared belief,  Rowe said.  Thus, White Nationalists and The Republican Party suddenly have something in common   a contempt for higher education. Then, you make it personal. You say that Republicans  love  me because they believe that my initiative and  their  initiative are one and the same. But of course,  their  initiative is now the same initiative as White Nationalists. He continued  Very clever. Without offering a shred of evidence, you ve implied that Republicans who support mikeroweWORKS do so because they believe I share their disdain for all things  intellectual.  And poof   just like that, Republicans, White Nationalists, and mikeroweWORKS are suddenly conflated, and the next thing you know, I m off on a press tour to disavow rumors of my troubling association with the Nazis! Far-fetched? Far from it,  Rowe continued.  That s how logical fallacies work. A flaw in reasoning or a mistaken belief undermines the logic of a conclusion, often leading to real-world consequences. And right now, logical fallacies are not limited to the warped beliefs of morons with tiki torches, and other morons calling for  more dead cops.  Logical fallacies are everywhere. Not near done, Rowe wrote,  As I type this, a Democrat on CNN is making an argument that says,  because Thomas Jefferson owned slaves, those Republicans now opposed to tearing down his memorial are  pro-slavery,  and therefore aligned with the modern day KKK.  That s a logical fallacy. Over on Fox, a Republican is arguing that  any Democrat who has not yet condemned the Senator from Missouri for publicly wishing that Donald Trump be assassinated, is guilty of wishing for the exact same thing.  That s a logical fallacy. Yesterday, on The Science Channel, Neil DeGrasse Tyson, a noted astronomer, tweeted that the ability of scientists to accurately predict the solar eclipse, was proof that predictions of global warming were also accurate. That s a logical fallacy. Then Rowe turned the tables on his accuser, continuing,  Want to hear another one? Imagine something like this, unfolding over on MSNBC. Good Evening, America, our top story tonight  Chuck Atkins is a racist! Why? Because he can t spell. Just look at his grammar! In a recent post on Mike Rowe s Facebook page, Mr. Atkins, while bemoaning America s global academic standing, not only misspelled  elitist,  he used  tenants  when he meant  tenets.  He neglected to use a hyphen in  anti-intellectual,  and he misplaced several commas and apostrophes! But why is he a racist, you ask? Simple. Because everyone knows racists are ignorant. Chuck Atkins is clearly a poor speller. Poor spelling and grammar are signs of ignorance. Ergo   Chuck Atkins is a racist! Boom! The matter is settled! There s not much we can do about the news, but here on Facebook, I think we can do better. This isn t Twitter,  Rowe said.  We re not limited to a few inflammatory sentences and a flurry of emojis. Take a moment, Chuck. Think. Make a rational argument. Otherwise, just link us to a cat video. People love those, and they re almost never  bad for business.  (Unless of course, the cat gets hurt. People hate that.) Just don t assume that people will care about your beliefs, if you re not willing to back them up with some relevant facts and a rational conclusion. Here, for instance, are a few facts that matter to me, with respect to my foundation and the recurring charge of  fostering anti-intellectualism. Rowe then defended his charitable work, writing,  mikeroweWORKS is a PR campaign for the skilled trades. For the last nine years, we ve partnered with numerous trade schools, raised millions of dollars for work-ethic scholarships, and called attention to millions of jobs that don t require a four-year degree. But that doesn t mean we re  anti-intellectual.  We re not even  anti-college.  We simply reject the popular notion that a four-year degree is the best path for the most people. And we re hardly alone. Millions of reasonable people   Republicans and Democrats alike   are worried that our universities are doing a poor job of preparing students for the real world. They re worried about activist professors, safe spaces, the rising cost of tuition, a growing contempt for history, and a simmering disregard of the first amendment. These people are concerned that our universities   once beacons of free speech   now pander to a relatively small percentage of students who can t tolerate any political opinion that challenges their own. And they re concerned   deeply concerned   that millions of good jobs are currently vacant that don t require a four-year degree, or any of the catastrophic debt that comes with it. Returning to the original attack, Rowe concluded,  Again   these are not the concerns of  anti-intellectuals.  They are the concerns of people who care about the future of the country. I don t know how many of these people are Republicans, but I can assure you that no one who actually supports my initiative is remotely confused about my feelings on education, because I ve been crystal clear on that topic from the very beginning. To quote Thomas Jefferson, (while I still can,)  If a nation expects to be ignorant and free and live in a state of civilization, it expects what never was and never will be.  On this point, my foundation does not equivocate. In other words, Chuck, I have no idea what The White Nationalists think about my efforts, or the Republicans, the Democrats, the elitists, the Italians, the Presbyterians, the unions, or the self-proclaimed anti-intellectuals. And really, I couldn t care less. My question is, why do you? Mike PS. Ok, I ve just re-read this, (in a desperate search for typos,) and I want to apologize for pointing out that you re a lousy speller. This is probably not the time to trot out The Grammar Nazi, but your tenor and tone pissed me off, and I responded in my own snarky way. Sorry,  he wrote. PPS Maybe this is how political correctness begins? Maybe we start by correcting each other s grammar, and then move on to the business of correcting everything else? Today a missing hyphen, tomorrow a missing monument. Or, maybe not,  he concluded.",0
15965,OKLAHOMA LAWMAKER BLASTED FOR SAYING: “Shouldn’t Mosques Be Removed After 911 by ANTIFA Logic?” [VIDEO],"Oklahoma State Rep. John Bennett made a comment on Facebook that was has since been removed after local Muslims didn t see any moral equivalency between removing Mosques after 9/11 and removing Confederate statues. Everyone freaked out about his comment even the governor of Oklahoma. We d like to know what you think See below for more info on this Patriot!OKLAHOMA CITY   A Facebook post by an Oklahoma lawmaker is receiving a lot of attention after the post suggested removing mosques from America.The post by Rep. John Bennett suggests that if Confederate monuments are being removed because of the Civil War, mosques should also be removed due to 9/11. If we re removing Confederate monuments after the Civil War, I think we should also be removing mosques after 9/11,  his Facebook post said. It is not an idol. It s a place where serve the poor, take care of the hungry and cure the sick. Making this association is extremely irrational,  said Imad Enchassi with the Islamic Society of Greater Oklahoma City.  This is a place where American Muslims, Oklahoma Muslims, proudly serve fellow Oklahomans. The post has since been taken down.NO FREE SPEECH ALLOWED We re all supposed to just fall in line with what we re told TRUTH IS THE NEW HATE SPEECH Bennett is one smart cookie! He called for a suspension of Syrian refugees way back in November of 2015:SALLISAW, OK   State Rep. John Bennett, Sallisaw-02 (R) has called on Governor Fallin to suspend Oklahoma s effort in resettling Syrian refugees in Oklahoma. According to the New York Times article on October 21, 2015, there have been dozens of Syrian refugees settled in Jenks, OK since 2012,  said Bennett.  What s disturbing is that when I contacted the Jenks Police Department about this issue, they advised that the New York Times  article was the first time anyone in their office knew about these resettlements. Bennett continued,  Given the light of the Paris attacks and that some of the terrorists arrived in France as Syrian refugees, I am calling on Governor Fallin to immediately suspend any current plans to relocate Syrian refugees in Jenks or elsewhere in Oklahoma and to identify those that have arrived under the relocation program since 2012. Via: Forty Six NewsThis is the kind of lawmaker trying to protect the people from terrorism Bravo! ",0
15966,"BREAKING: DNC STAFFERS May Have Sold Sensitive Info To “Hostile Foreign Governments”…”A Massive, Massive Scandal”","Well, well, well The DNC IT scandal could become the biggest yet with the new investigation by federal authorities into whether sensitive date was sold to foreign agents. Former DNC Chair and DNC IT staffers are all involved.  Shady  doesn t even begin to describe these staffers who would sell out their own mother.CLAIMS OF PROFILING DON T STAND A CHANCE The defense for this criminal behavior from both the lawyer (former Clinton associate) and former DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz is that these staffers are being targeted for being Muslim. DWS said recently that scrutiny of her Muslim aide was motivated by  racial and ethnic profiling.  The lawyer for the ringleader in all of this said his client was only indicted  for working while Muslim. The main stream media is ignoring this HUGE scandal because they care more about statues Here s the low down:IT STAFFERS HAD ACCESS TO MOST CONGRESSIONAL INFO IMRAN AWAN and the other four staffers under investigation had  full and complete access  to lawmakers  e-mails, calendars, schedules, hearing notes, meeting notes and memos and other sensitive information.Federal authorities are investigating whether sensitive data was stolen from congressional offices by several Pakistani-American tech staffers and sold to Pakistani or Russian intelligence, knowledgeable sources say.WASSERMAN SHULTZ THREATENS CAPITOL POLICE TO HAND OVER COMPUTER What started out 16 months ago as a scandal involving the alleged theft of computer equipment from Congress has turned into a national-security investigation involving FBI surveillance of the suspects.Investigators now suspect that sensitive US government data   possibly including classified information   could have been compromised and may have been sold to hostile foreign governments that could use it to blackmail members of Congress or even put their lives at risk. This is a massive, massive scandal    SENIOR US OFFICIALAlarm bells went off in April 2016 when computer security officials in the House reported  irregularities  in computer equipment purchasing. An internal investigation revealed the theft of hundreds of thousands of dollars in government property, and evidence pointed to five IT staffers and the Democratic Congress members  offices that employed them. READ MORE: NYP ",0
15967,THE LEFT LOSES AGAIN: Third Quarter Economic Estimate Explodes!,"The news that the forecast for the third quarter GDP is set to  expand  to 4.0 will be bad news for the Democrats who are trying to take down President Trump. It will be ignored by the mainstream media who are focused on statues and protests.This should be great news for Trump s economic team of brilliant and successful businessmen but even greater news for ALL Americans!  MAGA!REUTERS REPORTED:  The U.S. economy is on track to expand at a 4.0 percent annualized pace in the third quarter with inventory investment contributing 1.12 percentage points to growth, the Atlanta Federal Reserve s GDP Now forecast model showed on Thursday.Last Friday, the government said its first reading on the gross domestic product in the second quarter was a 2.6 percent growth pace, which was 0.2 point below Atlanta Fed s final estimate.A PRO-GROWTH PRESIDENT FINALLY!President Trump has  unleashed the beast ! Pro-growth and less regulation within industry in America has allowed our economy to nearly double the GDP within the president s first year Amazing!The coal industry is back along with the steel industry. Ripping away unnecessary regulations is the key to growth. Trump knows how to get America back to work and how to help industry do that.WHILE THE LEFT PROTESTS PRETTY MUCH EVERYTHING   TRUMP WINS!When President Trump was campaigning to Make America Great Again, so many of us understood that this meant bringing back growth to our economy. A successful America is great for everyone! Those who don t have a political agenda understand  this is a win-win no matter who you are.THIS IS EXACTLY WHY TRUMP WON!",0
15968,VICE MAGAZINE CALLS FOR ISIS-LIKE DESTRUCTION: “Let’s Blow Up Mount Rushmore”,"It is becoming increasingly difficult to separate leftists from Islamic terrorists as both destroy monuments, statues, and seek to eliminate freedoms we enjoy. On a day in which an Islamic terrorist killed over a dozen people in Barcelona, senior editor Wilber Cooper has the audacity to publish an article for VICE Magazine urging the left to destroy Mt. Rushmore just like ISIS would.In his article  Let s Blow Up Mount Rushmore,  Cooper attacks the Founding Fathers and calls for a demolition of the monument. His call to erase historical markers, such as statues, echoes the recent movement from left-wingers for a culture war that would decimate Americans  political traditions and heroes. Those targeted heroes include Thomas Jefferson, former president and chief author of the Bill of Rights   such as the First Amendment   and General and President George Washington, who declined offers to become a dictator after winning the Revolutionary War.Cooper argues that these historical monuments and statues help preserve a system of racial exploitation and inequality, and should be erased to help build a new society. He says,  It s going to be impossible to improve America if we can t be honest about its origins and its past. He insists that  Trump and his white supremacist cohorts believe the reverence some Americans have for these statues is simply respect for history, and that tearing them down is tantamount to ripping pages out of a textbook. But monuments built by the state are not history they are manifestations of power. Upon acknowledging the insensitivity of the article s title given the tragic events which occurred earlier today in Spain, VICE Magazine deleted the original article and wrote an editor s note:  The headline and URL of this story have been updated. We do not condone violence in any shape or form, and the use of  blow up  in the original headline as a rhetorical device was misguided and insensitive. We apologize for the error. They have since changed the title to  Get Rid of Mount Rushmore.  Wow. What an improvement. Leftists continue to contradict their self-proclaimed peace-seeking objectives and prove that they are actually seeking to burn down the United States by getting rid of every trace of this great country s history. And you can bet they are coming for the Constitution next.Read more: Breitbart",0
15969,ATLANTA JUDGE Punished for Telling the Truth About Radical Antifa Protesters “Tearing Down Monuments”,"And once again, the snowflakes want to erase parts of history they know nothing about. And what s more, they attack and penalize those who try to defend it.This week, an Atlanta judge was suspended upon posting his thoughts about Confederate monuments and so called  anti-fascist  protesters on Facebook. Judge James Hinkle wrote,  It looks like all of the snowflakes have no concept of history. It is what it is. Get over it and move on.  He went on to add,  The nut cases tearing down monuments are equivalent to ISIS destroying history. ISIS AND ANTIFA BELOW- BOTH HATE AMERICA AND DEAL WITH CONFLICT BY USING VIOLENCE AND DESTRUCTION.He noted that, Confederate monuments in Virginia have the rear ends of horses facing north. Following these posts, Hinkle was told by Gwinnett County s chief magistrate that he was suspended. Chief Judge Kristina Blum released the following statement:  I have made it clear to all of our judges to conduct themselves in a manner that promotes public confidence in the integrity, impartiality, and fairness of the judiciary. I consider any violation of those principles and policies to be a matter of utmost concern. Hinkle, who also served as the mayor of Grayson for over twenty years, previously made his views well known on social media when he posted he was  proud to be a deplorable infidel.  While many have been calling for his permanent removal, Hinkle has stated that he did not see what he did wrong. But you know,  he went on to say,  with the way things are going in the world today, I guess everything s controversial. JUDGE HINKLE RESIGNED AFTER TELLING THE TRUTH AND BEING PUNISHED FOR IT. WE DON T BLAME HIM Read more: Daily Caller",0
15970,THE PURGE: NYC Mayor De Blasio to Review ‘All Symbols of Hate” on City Property,"THE PURGE CONTINUES THE NYC MAYOR has just opened a can of worms so big that it ll be hard to control it. He wants to review  all symbols of hate  on city property then leave it to his panel of  experts  to decide what stays and what goes. This should be interesting. Isn t this subjective? Someone might think one thing is a symbol of hate but not another. Where does this purging end?Mayor de Blasio said late Wednesday that the city will conduct a 90-day review of  all symbols of hate on city property  in the wake of violence sparked by white supremacist groups in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend.A 32-year-old woman was killed and more than a dozen people were injured when a vehicle slammed into a group of counter-protesters on Saturday, and two state troopers died when the helicopter from which they were monitoring events suddenly crashed.Opposition to the removal of a statue of Confederate Army general Robert E. Lee was at the heart of rallies by white nationalists and KKK members in Charlottesville this year.New York City officials said they re putting together a panel of  relevant experts and community leaders  who will define the criteria and make recommendations for which items to remove.EXPERTS? WHO SAYS?MEANWHILE IN THE EAST VILLAGEThe South is rising   in the East Village.Residents are seeing red over a pair of Confederate flags hanging in the window of an East 8th Street apartment building, following the deadly white power rally in Virginia this week.The flags have been hanging in the fifth-floor window of the building near the corner of Avenue D for months, but anger is boiling over in the aftermath of the weekend s carnage   with neighbors pelting rocks and bricks at the window Wednesday morning. They re scary, we don t know who we are dealing with in the neighborhood. I feel uncomfortable because that represents evil. I see the protests in the news and I come home and see this,  said local Louise Abddhal, 56, as a chorus of others yelled at the window.Residents had turned a blind eye to the offensive banners in the past, but started getting mad after Saturday s rally in Charlottesville, where a neo-Nazi fatally mowed down counter-protester Heather Hayer. It s been there forever and no one said anything. Now it s going crazy. Virginia is bringing more light and attention too,  said longtime resident Janet Brown. .The Dixie-head has changed the flags around several times   there was a  neo-Nazi  one for awhile, according to Brown   and he now has two Israeli flags and an American flag between the Confederate ones.But the baffling collection is just making residents angrier. He is a Jew with a Confederate flag! Are you kidding me?  said one neighbor, who wouldn t give his name. Confederate flags in the window, bro! That is a bunch of racists. Right here in the avenue, bro! In the hood! This sh-t is real. He is looking to start a f ing riot. The building s property manager said he s aware of the flags and is trying to get the resident to take them down.Footage of a man throwing rocks and screaming expletives at the windows on Wednesday morning shows police arriving and telling him to stop   but witnesses say cops didn t make any arrests.Via: NYP",0
15971,"CRAZED PROTESTERS Pull Down Confederate Statue in Durham…What’s Next, The Guillotines? [VIDEO]","Crazed lunatic fringe elements of America have decided to target a Confederate statue in Durham, North Carolina. The video below is unbelievable where are the police to stop the destruction of property?Protestors in #Durham destroying a statue.Why is there zero consequences for this type of behavior?This is NOT acceptable. pic.twitter.com/l48O0Hvv9E  Mike (@Fuctupmind) August 14, 2017PROTESTERS KICKING THE STATUE IDIOTIC!Breaking: protesters have pulled down confederate statue in Durham. @WNCN pic.twitter.com/bfwogsDlY0  Amy Cutler (@AmyCutlerNews) August 14, 2017This Confederate soldier statue has stood in Durham County, North Carolina since 1924.TEAR THEM ALL DOWN. #durham #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/Kp0tFK4aNR  Caroline Dwyer, AICP (@cdwyer0213) August 14, 2017Is anyone else as shocked as we are that this is allowed to happen? Tearing down a statue? Really?The Statue was there  In Memory of the Boys Who Wore the Grey It was to honor the veterans of the Civil War.Dear Antifa, while you are pulling those monuments, remember the Nazis did the same in Europe.#Durham pic.twitter.com/M8SfXAQYMi  Tennessee (@TEN_GOP) August 15, 2017",0
15972,WAKE UP! GEORGE SOROS “Drastically Ramps Up” Effort To Destroy America,"George Soros is trying his best to destroy America! He is ramping up his efforts now! James Woods said it best when he tweeted that Soros would be happy with what happened in Charlottesville: Attorney General Jeff Sessions released a statement that there would be an investigation into what happened in Charlottesville. We re hoping Sessions digs deep! If AG Jeff Sessions doesn t dig deep ASAP to uncover Soros  involvement in Antifa and BLM, then this Soros-funded war will continue. We need a fighter to win the battle against this evil Hungarian globalist!Liberal billionaire George Soros s advocacy arm is ramping up its lobbying efforts this year, disclosure forms show.SOROS WANTS OPEN BORDERS AND GLOBALISM:The amount Soros spent on lobbying shot up to $11 million in 2013, a drastic increase from the $3.4 million the group had spent in 2012. The uptick could be attributed to the group s push for  comprehensive immigration reform  during this time.The Open Society Policy Center, a D.C.-based nonprofit that focuses on advocacy efforts and is a separate entity from the Soros grant making Open Society Foundations, has spent nearly as much on lobbying in the first half of 2017 as the group did in the entirety of 2016.The Open Society Policy Center reported spending $4.6 million in the first and second quarters, which runs from Jan. 1 to June 30, according its disclosure forms filed to the House of Representatives and the Senate.THREE IN-HOUSE LOBBYISTS? The group has three in-house lobbyists who lobby the U.S. Senate, House of Representatives, National Security Council, the Department of Defense, and the Department of State.Soros even  tried to influence the decision of the Supreme court on immigration according to The Daily Caller:Open Society Foundations, Hungarian-born billionaire George Soros  stated vehicle for progressive social change, orchestrated a well-funded attempt to secure a desired outcome in a U.S. Supreme Court case on illegal immigration enforcement, according to a newly discovered memo between the organization s top U.S. officials and board members.Soros drastically extended the policy scope of his lobbying efforts as the year progressed, including to issues that have been seen as a direct strike against the Hungarian-born billionaire.IF HUNGARY (SOROS  HOME COUNTRY) CAN TRY AND BAN HIS GOV T INTERFERENCE, WHY CAN T WE?From January to March, Soros s group lobbied on three issues. From April to June, the group lobbied 17 different issues, including the Bill on Foreign Funded Organizations in Hungary (LexNGo), Hungary s crack down on foreign-funded organizations in the country.Hungary s parliament approved the law that targets foreign-funded organizations in June, which they have said  can threaten the country s political and economic interests and interfere with the functioning of its institutions,  according to text of the law.Although the law does not mention Soros by name, politicians in Hungary previously said they wanted to  sweep out  organizations tied to Soros.Soros s Open Society Foundations has given money to a number of prominent NGOs in Hungary. The group has said that the country s bill  seeks to suppress democratic voices in Hungary. The lobbyists also worked on issues such as the Restricting First Use of Nuclear Weapons Act of 2017 and the National Defense Authorization Act for fiscal year 2018, among others.Soros s lobbying efforts have quietly skyrocketed in recent years.The policy center reported spending $19,120,000 on lobbying for policy and legislative efforts with Congress and government agencies between 2002 and 2012, which averages out to $1.9 million per year.WE HAD A PUPPET MASTER PULLING THE STRINGS IN THE WHITE HOUSE FOR 8 YEARS! IT S TIME FOR THIS TO STOP! READ MORE: WFB",0
15973,HERE YOU GO! TRUMP CONDEMNS DAVID DUKE…Calls Him A “Bigot” and A “Racist” [Video],"Following the situation in Charlottesville, Trump was one of the very few people to call out all sides for displays of violence and bigotry: white supremacists, black supremacists, Communists, and Antifa. In short, this flurry of frustration was far from one-sided.Amidst all of the chaos, David Duke tried to link Trump to the bigotry and violence that was present in Charlottesville. This is certainly interesting considering the fact that Trump called Duke out on his own bigotry nearly seventeen years ago. In an interview with Matt Lauer in 2000, Trump condemned Duke while being questioned about his reasons for dropping out of the Reform Party primary.Trump attributed the party s  self-destructing  nature to the people involved with it, specifically Duke. When pressed on this matter by Lauer, Trump responded,  Well, you ve got David Duke just joined, a bigot, a racist, a problem, I mean, this is not exactly the people you want in your party. Further proof that Trump is never afraid to call a spade a spade, or a racist a racist.Read more: The Gateway Pundit",0
15974,MEDIA IGNORES! Huge List of Attacks on Conservatives is Shocking,"Pro-Trump supporters have known the truth for a long time that conservatives are being attacked. Do you have any idea of the number of attacks? You might be shocked to see the list created by The Daily Caller.We feel like it s even more important to know who s behind the effort to attack and silence conservatives in America. There are groups like MoveOn.org and Black Lives Matter that have been instigating violence in a big way. Antifa is the worst with their tactics of extreme violence and destruction.Just as destructive as the violence is the left s effort to hijack the narrative anytime something happens between both sides. It s an Alinsky tactic that the left has been using long before President Trump came on the scene. The only difference now is that they re on overdrive with the attacks on Trump! It s downright scary!Take the The Huffington Post s recent article calling for the execution of Trump and  everyone assisting his agenda. If you ve noticed a hijacking of the narrative on just about everything to do with President Trump then look no further than the attack on his comments yesterday. Trump s words were twisted, replaced and totally misinterpreted. So it shouldn t surprise anyone that you haven t heard much about physical attacks on conservatives what s the left got to gain by telling the truth? Suppression of information is right up there with lying A low as you can get!HERE S THE TRUTH AND IT S SHOCKING:  Protesters jumped on cars, stole hats, fought with and threw eggs at Trump supporters outside a Trump rally in downtown San Jose, Calif. Trump supporters sued San Jose over the violence.July 2016:-A Hillary Clinton supporter lights a flag on fire and attacks a Trump supporter in Pittsburgh.August 2016:-Anti-Trump protesters attacked pushed, spit on and verbally harassed attendees forced to walk a  gauntlet  as they left a Trump fundraiser in Minneapolis, Minn., and beat an elderly man. Protesters also attacked Trump s motorcade. A Tennessee man was assaulted at a garage sale for being a Trump supporter.-A Trump supporter in New Jersey was attacked with a crowbar on the street.September 2016:-Protesters in El Cajon, Calif., chased and beat up a Trump supporter.October 2016:-A GOP office in North Carolina was firebombed and spray painted with  Nazi Republicans get out of town or else. November 2016:-A high school student was attacked after she wrote that she supported Trump on social media. The perpetrator ripped her glasses off and punched her in the face.-The president of Cornell University s College Republicans was assaulted the night after Trump won the election.-Students protesting Trump punched and kicked a Maryland high school student wearing a Make America Great Again hat.-A high school student was arrested in Florida after he punched a classmate for carrying a Trump sign at school.-A group of black men in Chicago attacked a white man while raging against Trump.-Maryland high school students punched a student who was demonstrating in support of Trump, and then kicked him repeatedly while he was on the ground.- You support Trump. You hate Mexicans,  a California high school student yelled at a Trump supporter, before viciously beating the girl.-An anti-bullying ambassador was arrested for shoving a 74-year-old man to the ground in a fight outside Trump tower where people upset over his win had gathered. The woman tied to Black Lives Matter caused the man to hit his head on the sidewalk.-A Texas elementary school student was beaten by his classmates for voting for Trump in a mock election.-Two men punched and kicked a Connecticut man who was standing with an American flag and a Trump sign.December 2016:-A Trump supporter was beaten and dragged by a car.January 2017:-A Trump supporter was knocked unconscious after airport protesters repeatedly beat him on the head.-A Trump supporter was attacked after putting out a fire started by anti-Trump protesters.-When Trump protesters encountered a driver with a pro-Trump flag on his car, they surrounded the vehicle, ripped off and began burning the flag, and pounded the car. They also punctured the tires.February 2017:-California GOP Rep. Tom McClintock had to be escorted to his car after a town hall because of angry protesters. The tires of at least four vehicles were slashed.-Protestors knocked a 71-year-old female staffer for California GOP Rep. Dana Rohrabacher unconscious during a protest outside the representative s office.-Milo Yiannopoulos speech at the University of California-Berkeley was cancelled after rioters set the campus on fire and threw rocks through windows. Milo tweeted that one of his supporters wearing a Trump hat was thrown to the ground and kicked.March 2017:-Masked protesters at Middlebury College rushed AEI scholar and political scientist Charles Murray and professor Allison Stranger, pushing and shoving Murray and grabbing Stranger by her hair and twisting her neck as they were leaving a campus building. Stranger suffered a concussion. Protesters then surrounded the car they got into, rocking it back and forth and jumping on the hood.April 2017:-A parade in Portland, Ore.,was canceled after threats of violence were made against a Republican organization.-Fears of violent protests shut down Ann Coulter s UC Berkeley speech. Campus police had gathered intel on protesters who were planning to commit violence.May 2017:  Republican Rep. Tom Garrett, his family and his dog were targeted by a series of repeated death threats deemed credible by authorities.-FBI agents arrested a person for threatening to shoot Republican Rep. Martha McSally over her support for Trump.-Police in Tennessee charged a woman for allegedly trying to run Republican Rep. David Kustoff off the road.-Police in North Dakota ejected a man after he became physical with Republican Rep. Kevin Cramer at a town hall.-A former professor was arrested after police said they identified him on video beating Trump supporters with a U-shaped bike lock, leaving three people with  significant injuries. June 2017:-James Hodgkinson opened fire on a congressional GOP baseball practice, injuring five, including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise.-Republican Rep. Claudia Tenney received an email threat that read,  One down, 216 to go,  shortly after the shooting at the Republican congressional baseball practice.-A man driving a white Malibu reportedly fired several shots at a man driving a truck displaying a  Make America Great Again  flag in Indiana.",0
15975,H.R. McMaster Repeatedly Refuses to Say if He Can Work with Steve Bannon…A Deep State Set Up? [Video],"Alert! Alinsky tactics at work here! Remember  Pick a Target? Well, the media and Deep State have picked their target Breitbart News has been exposing H.R. McMaster so now the media and Deep State are going hard after Steve Bannon EVEN HARDER THAN THEY HAD BEEN BEFORE. The media and politicians have been targeting Bannon since the election. They ve been calling him all of the usual names like  Nazi  or  White Supremacist . They re clearly afraid of Bannon because he has the media and the left figured out just like Breitbart did. We re hoping Bannon won t get squeezed out by Kelly and McMaster! This could cause a HUGE policy shift for the Trump presidency. Not good, not good at all for Trump supporters who want America back after 8 awful years of Obama.White House National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster repeatedly refused  say whether he could work with chief strategist Steve Bannon Sunday on  Meet The Press,  dodging the question three times! Three times! This is a Deep State wake up call!IS BANNON ON THE WAY OUT? NOT GOOD!Did you notice that Scaramucci went after President Trump today? AND Steve Bannon? Yes, he was on the morning shows letting it rip on those two!Axios reported Saturday that Bannon has entered President Donald Trump s doghouse and that top officials believe he s part of leaks meant to target McMaster. Bannon was previously executive chairman of Breitbart, and the right-wing website has published a series of stories attacking McMaster in recent weeks.SHOULDN T THE TRUTH COME OUT ON MCMASTER?New Chief of Staff John Kelly has said he will not tolerate the infighting and anonymous comments to the media that characterized predecessor Reince Priebus  tenure, according to Politico.Earlier in the interview, host Chuck Todd asked what was  going on  between him and Bannon. McMaster dismissed the saga as  a lot of noise  and didn t mention Bannon s name.At the end of the interview, Todd repeatedly asked McMaster if he could work together with Bannon, but McMaster wouldn t answer. Can you and Steve Bannon still work together in this White House or not?  Todd asked. I get to work together with a broad range of talented people, and it is a privilege every day to enable the national security team,  McMaster said. You didn t answer. Can you and Steve Bannon work in that same White House?  Todd asked. I am ready to work with anybody who will help advance the president s agenda and advance the security, prosperity of the American people,  McMaster said. Do you believe Steve Bannon does that?  Todd asked. I believe that everyone who works in the White House, who has the privilege, the great privilege every day of serving their nation, should be motivated by that goal,  McMaster said.VIA: WFB ",0
15976,"ACLU DEFENDS ILLEGALS? SUES DOJ, ICE Over Arrests of Illegal Alien Teen Gangs: “That was play-fighting”","WHO IS THE ACLU PROTECTING? Certainly not the legal citizens of America!After Obama allowed and even encouraged thousands upon thousands of unaccompanied illegal alien minors to flood America, we re now responsible for the mess he created.  MS13 gang members have been going on killing sprees that have been terrorizing Americans. President Trump has a policy in place that simply enforces the law! Read below and let us know if you agree that the ACLU is protecting people who should have no rights in America.The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has filed a class action lawsuit against President Trump s administration over the detention of immigrant teenagers for  unsubstantiated claims of gang affiliation. The lawsuit, announced on Friday, targets Attorney General Jeff Sessions, Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) and the Department of Health and Human Services  Office of Refugee Resettlement.In a press release, the ACLU accuses ICE and the Office of Refugee Resettlement of detaining children and transporting them to detention facilities without notifying their parents or lawyers.The organization also alleges that ICE is detaining and deporting the immigrant teens  under the guise of a  crackdown  on transnational street gangs  and accuses the federal agency of making arrests based on  unreliable claims of gang affiliation and flawed reports of criminal history.   We re talking about teens who were picked up for play-fighting with a friend, or for showing pride in their home country of El Salvador,  Stephen Kang, an attorney with the ACLU Immigrants  Rights Project, said in the release.  The Office of Refugee Resettlement is accepting wholesale that young immigrants should be kept behind bars because of what they look like or where they come from. The lead plaintiffs in the case are from Suffolk County in Long Island, N.Y.In May, ICE announced it has arrested more than 1,300 people in a crackdown on gangs. Three of those arrested had Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals paperwork protecting them from deportation, according to a report at the time by The Washington Post.The crackdown on gangs coupled with the Trump administration s tough stance on legal and illegal immigration has raised alarms among activists that people with tenuous connections to gangs could come under unfair scrutiny.Fox News reported a surge in people seeking to remove tattoos that people believed could be used by ICE to link them to gangs.The ACLU class action lawsuit seeks the release of the teens who are the plaintiffs in the case as well as an injunction to prevent the government from further detaining immigrant children without cause.The ACLU has launched numerous lawsuits against Trump s administration since he took office, suing over Trump s travel ban and challenging the legality of his voter fraud commission.WHO IS THE ACLU PROTECTING? Certainly not legal U.S. citizens!Read more: The Hill ",0
15977,UPDATE ON 9/11 MEMORIAL Banned for “Triggering” College Snowflakes,"Great news! Southern Methodist University in Texas has reversed its decision to relocate an annual 9/11 memorial display made up of nearly 3,000 American flags to a less prominent part of campus after facing backlash from student groups.A huge thank you to The Young Americans for Freedom group! They had a hand in making this happen! They also were the ones who had set up the tribute honoring the victims of the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks on SMU s Dallas Hall Lawn every year since 2010.But in July officials informed the group to move the display to Morrison-McGinnis Park because Dallas Hall Lawn is used for classes and a variety of events, said university spokesman Kent Best.SMU officials also had adopted a policy to ensure displays didn t include  harmful or triggering  messages, but they later removed the language from the then-policy as inappropriate. By that time, though, some student groups said the new policy was an attack on free speech. I don t believe it s the responsibility of the university to shield individuals from certain ideas that they might be offended by,  said Grant Wolf, the leader of the Young Americans for Freedom group, according to Dallas News. Wolf, along with other leaders from campus groups, sent a letter to university President R. Gerald Turner to express their frustration with the policy.  People absolutely have to have a right to their own opinions, but this does not come with a right to be shielded from opposing ideas, especially in an environment dedicated to the learning, sharing and developing of new ideas,  they wrote.They decried the relocation of the memorial. Moving the 9/11 memorial to an out of the way park is almost the same as not allowing it, said Heather Hall, president of the university s Turning Point USA chapter.  That s not free speech,  Hall said.  That s not American. That s definitely not what SMU stands for.   Read more:  Daily MailOUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THIS BAN: The shocker about this is that students on both sides of the political spectrum want the 9/11 flags to be displayed where they ve always been displayed. The inability of college campuses to stand up to people who are perpetually offended is a sad statement on where we are in American tolerance these days. It s so ironic that the left wants you to march to their drum beat or else they will destroy you. Note to SMU: You had a good thing going with your student body coming together to memorialize 9/11 so let it continue!DALLAS, Tex.   In a time of extreme political divide, students both Republican and Democrat at one Texas college have found something they can agree on.For the past two years at Southern Methodist University, a campus group has planted thousands of American flags in front of Dallas Hall as a memorial to the victims of the 9/11 attacks. That s simply contradictory to the very definition of free speech,  said Grant Wolf, the Young Americans for Freedom Chairman.But in July, SMU changed its policy, saying student groups can no longer have displays there.The lawn has historically hosted tributes and protests from students of all political affiliations. The leaders of two prominent student groups say the policy violates their right to free speech. They re basically cornering us into a segment of campus and saying you re not allowed to have a display here because it s triggering, harmful or offensive to students over there,  said Drew Wicker, the President of SMU College Republicans.SMU released a statement saying nearby Momac Park, where displays will be allowed, is larger than the lawn and is along one of the most prominent drives on campus.The university said it  respects the rights of all campus community members to express their opinions, as well as their right to be free from coercion or harassment. Via: Fox 5 Atlanta",0
15978,FEDERAL JUDGE Just Delivered Bad News to Hillary Clinton About the Missing Benghazi Emails,"Great news! A federal judge just ordered the State Department to make another attempt at locating Hillary Clinton s missing emails about the 2012 Benghazi terrorist attack. The interesting thing is that the judge is an Obama appointee who ruled with Judicial Watch. DIDN T DO ENOUGH .U.S. District Court Judge Amit Mehta ruled Tuesday that the State Department did not do enough to  track down messages Clinton may have sent about the assault on the U.S. diplomatic compound on Sept. 11, 2012   an attack that killed four Americans, including the U.S. ambassador to Libya,  Politico reported:In response to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) requests, State searched the roughly 30,000 messages Clinton turned over to her former agency at its request in December 2014 after officials searching for Benghazi-related records realized she had used a personal email account during her four-year tenure as secretary.State later searched tens of thousands of emails handed over to the agency by three former top aides to Clinton: Huma Abedin, Cheryl Mills and Jake Sullivan. Finally, State searched a collection of emails the FBI assembled when it was investigating Clinton s use of the private account and server.In all, State found 348 Benghazi-related messages or documents that were sent to or from Clinton in a period of nearly five months after the attack.Judicial Watch, a conservative watchdog group, said the State Department s initial search was not good enough because it didn t search the email accounts of Clinton s top aides for relevant messages pertaining to Benghazi.Mehta, an appointee of former President Barack Obama, agreed with Judicial Watch in a 10-page ruling. To date, State has searched only data compilations originating from outside sources   Secretary Clinton, her former aides, and the FBI.   It has not, however, searched the one records system over which it has always had control and that is almost certain to contain some responsive records: the state.gov e-mail server,  Mehta wrote.",0
15979,WOW! ATLANTA GYM OWNER BANS COPS…Makes ‘No Apologies’ For Policy or Sign (Video),"It s one thing to have the media constantly painting police officers in a bad light on a near daily basis. But it s entirely another thing to have civilians discriminating against them on completely illegitimate grounds. This is exactly what happened this week when Jim Chambers, owner of the EAV Barbell Club in Atlanta, posted a sign on the front of his gym forbidding police officers.The message that the sign conveys alone is upsetting. But the expletives included make it an even more shocking and vulgar. While the sign is no longer posted on his gym s door, Chambers continue to stand by it. We ve had an explicitly stated  No Cop  policy since we opened, and we also don t open membership to active members of the military,  he said.As a lifelong political activist, Chamber says that his sign and policy serves as a political statement. He says groups who work out there are generally minorities who are uncomfortable with the presence of law enforcement agents. Chambers claimed that if any police officials had a warrant, they could do their job but that he is  not breaking the law. Chambers insists that they never have, and won t ever need the help of officers. He plans to put the  No Cop  sign back up without the foul language.When asked to comment, lawyers found the policy strange, but said because law enforcement officers are not a protected class under the law, only the courts can decide if EAV Barbell Club is violating any anti-discrimination laws. When asked to comment on the incident, the Atlanta Police Department stated,  Were we to respond to an emergency there, this sign would not stop us from lawfully doing our job. Read more: The Gateway Pundit ",0
15980,HA-HA! RETIRED MARINE TROLLS LIBERAL NEW YORKERS…Says POTUS Is ‘Tough Love’ We Need [Video],"It s always a win-win when you can find a hobby you enjoy, especially when it allows you to get some exercise and enjoy the nice summer weather. This retired Marine hit the jackpot by finding a way to keep himself entertained and fit during retirement: trolling New York liberals by boat.Nearly every day, Dion Cini will row down the Hudson River while flying a  Trump 2020  flag to incite the frustration of New Yorkers, a group who overwhelmingly voted for Hillary Clinton this past election.This retired Marine can t get enough of the responses he gets from people who spot him rowing around Manhattan. Sometimes you hear  I hope you get hit by a boat! I hope you drown!  he said.  From the top of their lungs as loud as they can. It can be from the edge of the river. It can be from cars driving by on the river. It can be from windows. I get it all the time and then I get it even on rooftop bars. Cini calls himself an  ultra-conservative  and thinks that Americans need a  wake-up call.   He said,  I call it tough love. (President) Trump is tough love. Cini recalled being told to leave Washington Square Park with his flag because it was  not conservative land  but he vowed that no one would stop him.Luckily, these angry New Yorkers haven t swayed Cini one bit. He s considering getting a bigger flag spanning twenty feet. And a bigger boat. Despite his retirement, it s inspiring to see that this Marine s devotion to patriotism hasn t wavered.Read more: BizPac Review",0
15981,FLASHBACK: TRUMP PLANS STRATEGY Against North Korea In ’99 Interview [Video],"There is no debating the fact that tensions between the United States and North Korea have reached a boiling point. But what s still being continuously debated is how to handle these tensions.President Trump threatened to use  fire and fury  against North Korea after it was revealed that North Korea successfully created a miniaturized nuclear weapon designed to fit inside its missiles. In an interview with NBC s Tim Russert in 1999, then businessman Donald Trump voiced his support for a pre-emptive military strike against North Korea.Trump told Russert that if he was President, a Trump administration would  negotiate like crazy  to  get the best deal possible.  If a deal was not possible, Trump said he would order a pre-emptive strike. He went on to successfully predict that that they re [North Korea] are going to have those weapons pointed all over the world and specifically at the United States.  He goes further by saying that it only does the U.S. minimal good to discuss the economy and Social Security without addressing the biggest problem: nuclear proliferation. He also calls out previous politicians   including Jimmy Carter   for not facing this situation head on and negotiating properly.Following President Trump s warning North Korea over further provocations, the Hermit Kingdom has announced it is considering striking Guam. The North Korean military warned it may carry out a preemptive operation once the US shows signs of provocation , and that it is seriously considering a strategy to strike Guam with mid-to-long range missiles. As Trump moves forward, this interview serves as evidence that his strategy will hold up against North Korea.Read more: The Gateway Pundit",0
15982,BURN! SEBASTIAN GORKA HUMILIATES MSNBC On Use of ‘Radical Islamic Terrorism’ [Video],"It s probably not the wisest decision to argue with Dr. Sebastian Gorka about the use of the phrase  radical Islamic terrorism    especially if you have absolutely no idea what you re talking about in the first place.Dr. Sebastian Gorka defended the Trump administration s use of the phrase  radical Islamic terrorism  in an appearance on MSNBC Tuesday. We will call it  radical Islamic terrorism. We will target the ideology, and we will call them out for being evil,  Gorka stated. MSNBC s Ali Velshi and Stephanie Ruhle then tried to criticize Gorka s use of the phrase.Velshi asked Gorka how it would help stop terror attacks if the White House called the problem  radical Islamic terrorism. Gorka then engaged a clever metaphor to help them understand. Gorka argued,  If you, God forbid, caught cancer, and the hospital was forbidden from calling it cancer and said,  You have the flu. Go home and hydrate and take some aspirins, would you actually have the right treatment?.' Ruhle responded, smugly, that there s still no cure for cancer and that it doesn t matter what you call it if it will still kill you.Velshi then accused Gorka of not having a good answer. Gorka fired back by saying that if you misdiagnose anything, whether it s a serious disease or a serious international geopolitical threat, you will never solve it. The White House Adviser then criticized the Obama administration for blaming this geopolitical issue on economic conditions and societal disenfranchisement It is about people having an ideology that is evil, and it has to be destroyed. Read more: The Gateway Pundit",0
15983,WHY THE HUGE 1.1 MILLION DROP in Food Stamp Enrollment? [VIDEO],"OVER 1 MILLION PEOPLE HAVE DROPPED OFF OF THE FOOD STAMP LISTS GREAT NEWS!The surprising group that dropped off is illegals Yes, some illegals ARE eligible for food stamps! The USDA has this SNAP FOR NON-CITIZEN GUIDANCEWith the states of Georgia and Alabama leading the way, more than 1.1 million Americans dropped off the food stamp rolls since President Trump took office in January 2017, according to the latest U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) statistics on food stamp enrollment. Participation in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) dropped to 41,496,255 in May 2017, the most recent data available from the USDA, from 42,691,363 in January 2017 when Trump took office.According to the latest data, SNAP enrollment during the first few months of Trump s presidency decreased by 2.79 percent.Food stamp participation on average in 2017 has dropped to its lowest level since 2010, and the latest numbers show that this trend is continuing.Trump proposed cuts to SNAP in his 2018 budget proposal, suggesting that states match up to 20 percent of federal money allotted for the food stamp program and expand work requirements for able-bodied adults receiving food stamps.Trump s crackdown on illegal immigration has also prompted many immigrants, both legal and illegal, to cancel their food stamps over concerns that they might be denied citizenship or deported.Federal lawmakers are also working on legislation that would seek to expand food stamp work requirements and put time limits on how long those enrolled in the food stamp program can receive benefits.Read more: Breitbart News",0
15984,FACTORY WORKER RIPS INTO Speaker Paul Ryan on the “Do Nothing” Congress [Video],"We love this guy! Factory worker Keith Ketzler: For eight horrible years I heard,  We don t have control of the House. We don t have control of the senate. We don t have the presidency and when we get in we got a plan and we re going to change stuff.  Well I tell you what, you re in there now and all I see is infighting. It s very dysfunctional.This guy just said whatever American would like to say to Paul Ryan! Notice how the answer was just more rhetoric blah, blah, blah All talk and NO ACTION!Paul Ryan is in the back pocket of the Chamber of Commerce and other special interest groups. He s talking out of both sides of his mouth. He needs to go!PAUL RYAN AUDIO GIVES US INSIGHT INTO HOW HE REALLY FEELS ABOUT TRUMP:AUDIO RELEASED: Paul Ryan Caught On Tape:  I am not going to defend Donald Trump not now, not in the future We all know Paul Ryan was no fan of President Donald Trump while he was running for office. Sadly, unlike the Democrats who held their noses and went  all in  for Hillary, our Republican Speaker of the House went out of his way to NOT support Trump during his highly contentious campaign. Now that a new audio tape has emerged, proving that Ryan went out of his way to make sure his colleagues in the House understood that he would  never  support Trump, this leaves Ryan looking pretty foolish considering the public support Trump has offered Ryan and his increasingly unpopular  Obamacare Lite  proposal.On a never-before-released private October conference call with House Republican members, House Speaker Paul Ryan told his members in the U.S. House of Representatives he was abandoning then-GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump forever and would never defend him ever again. In the Oct. 10, 2016 call, from right after the Access Hollywood tape of Trump was leaked in the weeks leading up to the election, Ryan does not specify that he will never defend Trump on just the Access Hollywood tape he says clearly he is done with Trump altogether. I am not going to defend Donald Trump not now, not in the future,  Ryan says in the audio, obtained by Breitbart News and published here for the first time ever.Now, Ryan still the Speaker has pushed now President Donald Trump to believe his healthcare legislation the American Health Care Act would repeal and replace Obamacare when it does not repeal Obamacare. Ryan has also, according to Trump ally Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY), misled President Trump into believing that Ryan s bill can pass Congress. Paul and others believe the bill is dead on arrival in the U.S. Senate since a number of GOP senators have come out against it, and there are serious questions about whether it can pass the House. This is the first major initiative that Trump has worked on with Ryan and the fact it is going so poorly calls into question whether Speaker Ryan, the GOP s failed 2012 vice presidential nominee who barely supported Trump at all in 2016, really understands how Trump won and how to win in general.The October conference call apparently was intended only for House Republican members. It s unclear which or how many House Republicans took part in the call, whether the participants knew it was being recorded, who made the recording, or whether a recording exists of the entire call. The remarks on the portion provided to Breitbart News certainly sound like they were coming from Speaker Ryan, who seemed to be abandoning his party s presidential nominee altogether just weeks before the election. He says not only will he not defend the Access Hollywood comments, but he will not campaign with Trump at all between this call on Oct. 10, 2016, and the general election for the presidency on Nov. 8 and that Ryan would not defend Trump on anything generally. For entire story- Matthew Boyle, Breitbart NewsLISTEN:",0
15985,HUD SECRETARY BEN CARSON Ending Obama’s Illegal Section 8 Housing Grant Scheme,"After his reelection in 2012 Obama removed the bidding process from section 8 housing. Obama then schemed to provide HUD initiated grants to their  pet  organizations. After lawsuits and ultimately with the Supreme Court rebuking the grant-style process, HUD Secretary Ben Carson is bringing back a more efficient bidding process that also saves taxpayer dollars. Great job Dr. Carson!The Department of Housing and Urban Development is poised to reverse the Obama administration s policy and return to a competitive bidding process to award Section 8 housing, according to a well-placed source in the department.The move would overturn the Obama-era methodology of using a grant-style process that was rebuked by administrators and ultimately the U.S. Supreme Court.The HUD official said many of the steps necessary to change back to the competitive procurement method are being taken now, but didn t want to comment on when the announcement from the department might happen for fear of tainting the bidding process.Supporters of the competitive bidding procurement process say the net result will increase efficiency in the program and save taxpayer money. And Republican lawmakers that have been critical of HUD s actions in the past are applauding the change in course as well. When dealing with performance-based Section 8 contract administrators, it s clear that full and open competition is the way to get the best value for the taxpayer,  said Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart, R-Fla.  As Chairman of the Housing Appropriations Subcommittee, I have repeatedly insisted both publicly and privately that HUD follow Congressional intent, the GAO, and the Supreme Court. Diaz-Balart is one of a small handful of elected officials who put pressure on HUD and then-Secretary Juli n Castro during the years in which HUD ignored findings that their grant process was illegal.Section 8 housing is a federal program that pays rental assistance to landlords to help low-income people acquire affordable housing.Because HUD had problems administering the program, in 1995 it started to contract out the management of Section 8 housing units through a competitive bidding process. However, in March of 2012, HUD suddenly shifted away from the competitive bidding process, and began using funding mechanisms which were more like grants.Contractors who had previously gained HUD s business under the bidding process appealed to the Government Accountability Office in 2012, just months after HUD changed course. And by August of that year, the GAO ruled that HUD s actions were  unreasonable and in disregard of applicable statutory guidance. Undeterred, HUD pressed forward with their choice, which then made them the target of a lawsuit. From that point, HUD lost an embarrassing string of rulings which culminated in the U.S. Supreme Court denying to hear an appeal from the agency in April of 2015.Despite all those rulings, HUD didn t budge. But the Trump administration is now set to return to the previous methods.Eric Strong is the CEO of Navigate Affordable Housing Partners, a company that has won HUD Section 8 contracts in the past under the competitive system. He s also publicly lobbied HUD to change back to the performance based contracting method. All we ve ever wanted was fair and open competition because we know it results in the best financial situation for the taxpayer and also will result in better housing for the residents who live in those Section 8 units, Read more: WE",0
15986,UN AMBASSADOR SAMANTHA POWER Unmasked Hundreds of Trump Associates During 2016 Election [Video],"Adam Kredo of WFB asks the question we all want the answer to:  The fact that this information subsequently leaked to the press, I think raises even more questions about why a U.N ambassador over in Turtle Bay needs to unmask.  Samantha Power is a longtime Obama loyalist but her husband might be the key to all of this (see below).Power is believed to have made  hundreds  of unmasking requests to  identify individuals named in classified intelligence community reports related to Trump and his presidential transition team, according to multiple sources who said the behavior is unprecedented for an official in her position,  according to the Washington Free Beacon.Hannity asked Kredo how Power would ever have the authority to make the unmasking requests, and then asked whether this has ever happened previously to his knowledge. No, it s truly unprecedented,  Kredo said.  It s certainly odd, and I think the House Intelligence Committee, rightfully so, has subpoenaed her to find out what is going on here. Look, it s hundreds of unmasking requests in just the final year of the Obama administration. WE VE FOLLOWED THE  QUEEN OF GEORGE SOROS  AND HERE S WHAT WE KNOW:In 2005 06, Power worked as a foreign policy fellow in the office of U.S. Senator Barack Obama.In a 2007 interview, Power said that America s relationship with Israel  has often led foreign policy decision-makers to defer reflexively to Israeli security assessments, and to replicate Israeli tactics  The United States, she explained, had brought terrorist attacks upon itself by aping Israel s violations of human rights.Power has had her fair share of controversy, specifically after she was forced to resign from the president s 2008 campaign following negative remarks she made about Hillary Clinton.In an interview with The Scotsman during the heat of the 2008 presidential race, Power called Clinton a  monster. Power was soon back in with the Obama camp. Her husband is Obama s former Regulatory Czar Cass Sunstein.SUNSTEIN IS ONE SCARY GUY WHO WANTED GOVERNMENT TO INTRUDE ON YOUR PRIVACY:SALON reported:Cass Sunstein has long been one of Barack Obama s closest confidants. Often mentioned as a likely Obama nominee to the Supreme Court, Sunstein is Obama s head of the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs where, among other things, he is responsible for  overseeing policies relating to privacy, information quality, and statistical programs.  In 2008, while at Harvard Law School, Sunstein co-wrote a truly pernicious paper proposing that the U.S. Government employ teams of covert agents and pseudo- independent  advocates to  cognitively infiltrate  online groups and websites   as well as other activist groups   which advocate views that Sunstein deems  false conspiracy theories  about the Government. This would be designed to increase citizens  faith in government officials and undermine the credibility of conspiracists. The paper s abstract can be read, and the full paper downloaded, here.Sunstein advocates that the Government s stealth infiltration should be accomplished by sending covert agents into  chat rooms, online social networks, or even real-space groups.  He also proposes that the Government make secret payments to so-called  independent  credible voices to bolster the Government s messaging (on the ground that those who don t believe government sources will be more inclined to listen to those who appear independent while secretly acting on behalf of the Government). This program would target those advocating false  conspiracy theories,  which they define to mean:  an attempt to explain an event or practice by reference to the machinations of powerful people, who have also managed to conceal their role. Read more: WFB",0
15987,AUDIT: Obama’s IRS ‘Misled’ Americans to Get Them to Sign Up for Obamacare,"Soooo the IRS lied to Americans to  prod  them to comply and sign up for Obamacare. They lied about the cost of Obamacare. Does anyone see the criminality in this? It s a classic bait and switch but by our government! The Obama administration  misled  Americans into thinking signing up for Obamacare would be cheaper than it really was, according to an inspector general s report Thursday that said the IRS dramatically understated the actual cost of enrolling. IRS officials sent the letters to try to prod Americans to comply with the 2010 health law s  individual mandate  that penalizes them for not holding coverage.But as part of the letters, the IRS said most people could find plans for $75 a month or less once government subsidies were figured in. That was untrue   in fact, the average cost was more than twice that figure, at $168 a month, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration said. Many of the nearly 7.5 million taxpayers who receive letters and seek insurance may feel misled if the actual cost of their insurance is much higher than the $75 per month detailed in their notification letter,  the inspector general concluded. The IRS said it was only using numbers provided by Department of Health and Human Services and verified by the Treasury Department. They said the $75 figure was true for some taxpayers.The inspector general said it asked for that documentation but never received it.Auditors said their own analysis found the HHS studies were based on a smaller sample and was limited to those who chose lower-coverage plans with fewer benefits.According to the new audit, federal regulations require agencies to present accurate information.Investigators uncovered the misleading information as part of a broader audit about how the IRS was handling its role in alerting Americans who aren t complying with Obamacare s mandate to hold insurance.Read more: WT ",0
15988,THE LEFT CAN’T DENY GREAT JOBS REPORT : “It’s difficult to find anything really negative in the report”,"The left can t take the great jobs report away from President Trump! He s delivering BIGTIME when it comes to jobs and growth! This is what Americans really care about!Excellent Jobs Numbers just released   and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 4, 2017President Trump Tweeted out today about the good news:  Excellent Jobs Numbers just released   and I have only just begun. Many job stifling regulations continue to fall. Movement back to USA! The U.S. economy continued a strong summer, adding 209,000 jobs in July while the unemployment rate fell to 4.3 percent, the lowest since March 2001, according to a government report Friday.Economists surveyed by Reuters had expected the report to show growth of 183,000; the unemployment rate met expectations. A more encompassing rate that includes discouraged workers and the underemployed was unchanged at 8.6 percent.The number of employed Americans hit a new high of 153.5 million thanks to a surge of 345,000. The employment-to-population ratio also moved up to 60.2 percent, tied for the highest level since February 2009.Stock market futures liked the news, rising to indicate a positive open, while government bond yields also moved considerably higher.Economists had a hard time finding anything bad in July s jobs report. Nothing much to complain about,  economist Aparna Mathur at the conservative American Enterprise Institute said, noting that job gains beat expectations. Kind of an all-around strong headline number,  said Tony Bedikian, head of global markets at Citizens Bank.  More people are coming into the labor force and finding jobs. It s difficult to find anything really negative in the report. The closely watched wage number was unchanged from previous months, with average hourly earnings up 2.5 percent on an annualized basis. The average work week also was unchanged at 34.5 hours.Bars and restaurants provided the biggest boost for the month with 53,000 more positives, while professional and business services contributed 49,000, the Bureau of Labor Statistics said.Read more: cnbc",0
15989,Why Donald J. Trump Is The Only One Who Can Defeat An Anti-American Party That’s Gone Unopposed For 50 Years ,"Every American should read and share this brilliant article.So, to my friends on the Left   and the #NeverTrumpers as well   do I wish we lived in a time when our president could be  collegial  and  dignified  and  proper ? Of course I do. These aren t those times. This is war. And it s a war that the Left has been fighting without opposition for the past 50 years.So, say anything you want about this president   I get it, he can be vulgar, he can be crude, he can be undignified at times. I don t care. I can t spare this man. He fightsHE FIGHTSMy Leftist friends (as well as many ardent #NeverTrumpers) constantly ask me if I m not bothered by Donald Trump s lack of decorum. They ask if I don t think his tweets are  beneath the dignity of the office.  Here s my answer:We Right-thinking people have tried dignity. There could not have been a man of more quiet dignity than George W. Bush as he suffered the outrageous lies and politically motivated hatreds that undermined his presidency. We tried statesmanship. Could there be another human being on this earth who so desperately prized  collegiality  as John McCain? We tried propriety   has there been a nicer human being ever than Mitt Romney? And the results were always the same.This is because, while we were playing by the rules of dignity, collegiality and propriety, the Left has been, for the past 60 years, engaged in a knife fight where the only rules are those of Saul Alinsky and the Chicago mob.I don t find anything  dignified,   collegial  or  proper  about Barack Obama s lying about what went down on the streets of Ferguson in order to ramp up racial hatreds because racial hatreds serve the Democratic Party. I don t see anything  dignified  in lying about the deaths of four Americans in Benghazi and imprisoning an innocent filmmaker to cover your tracks. I don t see anything  statesman-like  in weaponizing the IRS to be used to destroy your political opponents and any dissent. Yes, Obama was  articulate  and  polished  but in no way was he in the least bit  dignified,   collegial  or  proper. The Left has been engaged in a war against America since the rise of the Children of the  60s. To them, it has been an all-out war where nothing is held sacred and nothing is seen as beyond the pale. It has been a war they ve fought with violence, the threat of violence, demagoguery and lies from day one   the violent take-over of the universities   till today.The problem is, through these years, the Left has been the only side fighting this war. While the Left has been taking a knife to anyone who stands in their way, the Right has continued to act with dignity, collegiality and propriety.With Donald Trump, this all has come to an end. Donald Trump is America s first wartime president in the Culture War.During wartime, things like  dignity  and  collegiality  simply aren t the most essential qualities one looks for in their warriors. Ulysses Grant was a drunk whose behavior in peacetime might well have seen him drummed out of the Army for conduct unbecoming. Had Abraham Lincoln applied the peacetime rules of propriety and booted Grant, the Democrats might well still be holding their slaves today. Lincoln rightly recognized that,  I cannot spare this man. He fights. General George Patton was a vulgar-talking, son-of-a-bitch. In peacetime, this might have seen him stripped of rank. But, had Franklin Roosevelt applied the normal rules of decorum, then Hitler and the Socialists would barely be five decades into their thousand-year Reich.Trump is fighting. And what s particularly delicious is that, like Patton standing over the battlefield as his tanks obliterated Rommel s, he s shouting,  You magnificent bastards, I read your book!  That is just the icing on the cake, but it s wonderful to see that not only is Trump fighting, he s defeating the Left using their own tactics.That book is Saul Alinsky s Rules for Radicals   a book so essential to the Liberals  war against America that it is and was the playbook for the entire Obama administration and the subject of Hillary Clinton s senior thesis. It is a book of such pure evil, that, just as the rest of us would dedicate our book to those we most love or those to whom we are most indebted, Alinsky dedicated his book to Lucifer.Trump s tweets may seem rash and unconsidered but, in reality, he is doing exactly what Alinsky suggested his followers do. First, instead of going after  the fake media    and they are so fake that they have literally gotten every single significant story of the past 60 years not just wrong, but diametrically opposed to the truth, from the Tet Offensive to Benghazi, to what really happened on the streets of Ferguson, Missouri   Trump has isolated CNN. He made it personal. Then, just as Alinsky suggests, he employs ridicule which Alinsky described as  the most powerful weapon of all. Everyone gets that it s not just CNN   in fact, in a world where Al Sharpton and Rachel Maddow, Paul Krugman and Nicholas Kristof are people of influence and whose  reporting  is in no way significantly different than CNN s   CNN is just a piker.Most importantly, Trump s tweets have put CNN in an untenable and unwinnable position. With Trump s ability to go around them, they cannot simply stand pat. They need to respond. This leaves them with only two choices.They can either  go high  (as Hillary would disingenuously declare of herself and the fake news would disingenuously report as the truth) and begin to honestly and accurately report the news or they can double-down on their usual tactics and hope to defeat Trump with twice their usual hysteria and demagoguery.The problem for CNN (et al.) with the former is, if they were to start honestly reporting the news, that would be the end of the Democratic Party they serve. It is nothing but the incessant use of fake news (read: propaganda) that keeps the Left alive. Imagine, for example, if CNN had honestly and accurately reported then-candidate Barack Obama s close ties to foreign terrorists (Rashid Khalidi), domestic terrorists (William Ayers), the mafia (Tony Rezko) or the true evils of his spiritual mentor, Jeremiah Wright s, church.Imagine if they had honestly and accurately conveyed the evils of the Obama administration s weaponizing of the IRS to be used against their political opponents or his running of guns to the Mexican cartels or the truth about the murder of Ambassador Christopher Stevens and the Obama administration s cover-up. This makes  going high  a non-starter for CNN. This leaves them no other option but to ratchet up the fake news, conjuring up the next  nothing burger  and devoting 24 hours a day to hysterical rants about how it s  worse than Nixon. This, obviously, is what CNN has chosen to do. The problem is, as they become more and more hysterical, they become more and more obvious. Each new effort at even faker news than before, and faker  outrage  only makes that much more clear to any objective observer that Trump is and always has been right about the fake news media.And, by causing their hysteria, Trump has forced them into numerous, highly embarrassing and discrediting mistakes. Thus, in their desperation, they have lowered their standards even further and run with articles so clearly fake that, even with the liberal (lower case  l ) libel laws protecting the media, they ve had to wholly retract and erase their stories repeatedly.Their flailing at Trump has even seen them cross the line into criminality, with CNN using their vast corporate fortune to hunt down a private citizen for having made fun of them in an Internet meme. This threat to  dox    release of personal information to encourage co-ideologists to visit violence upon him and his family   a political satirist was chilling in that it clearly wasn t meant just for him. If it were, there would have been no reason for CNN to have made their  deal  with him public.Instead, CNN   playing by  Chicago Rules    was sending a message to any and all: dissent will not be tolerated. This heavy-handed and hysterical response to a joke on the Internet has backfired on CNN, giving rise to only more righteous ridicule.So, to my friends on the Left   and the #NeverTrumpers as well   do I wish we lived in a time when our president could be  collegial  and  dignified  and  proper ? Of course I do. These aren t those times. This is war. And it s a war that the Left has been fighting without opposition for the past 50 years.So, say anything you want about this president   I get it, he can be vulgar, he can be crude, he can be undignified at times. I don t care. I can t spare this man. He fights.Townhall published this brilliant article on July 13, 2017.  It was written by Conservative author and pundit Evan Sayet, who is the author of The KinderGarden of Eden: How The Modern Liberal Thinks. His lecture to the Heritage Foundation on this same topic remains, some ten years later, by far the single most viewed lecture in their history.Here is the link to the video of Evan Sayet s viral lecture on  How the modern liberal thinks. ",0
15990,FOX LEGAL EXPERT CALLS OUT ‘PARTIAL’ MUELLER: Must Resign After Latest Hire Who Was Appointed by Obama [Video],"Gregg Jarrett says Mueller must resign after his latest new hire for the panel of lawyers. The entire panel is biased. In addition, Mueller was the FBI Director and Comey the DA for the Southern District New York for the Clinton/Rich investigation, after Rich s wife donated money to the Clinton library and Hillary campaign.Mueller has hired 16 very far left lawyers! He should resign!Our Previous Report on Mueller:  Are there any Trump donors on the team? GREAT QUESTION BY TOM FITTON! Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton joined FOX News to explain Mueller s latest hire of Andrew Goldstein, a former prosecutor who worked under Preet Bharara in New York. Remember Prett Bharara? Trump fired him! Fitton questioned who is overseeing Mueller s day-to-day conduct, pointing to the 12 hires he has made for his legal team all liberal political hacks!Special Counsel Mueller s investigation is out of control. @realDonaldTrump DOJ should shut it down. https://t.co/IYr9Hiqkix  Tom Fitton (@TomFitton) July 2, 2017A VERY KEY REASON FOR THIS WITCH HUNT TO END IS THAT: Several of the lawyers donated to Democrats and it seems that the team is  searching for a crime. Fitton said:  I don t understand what this investigation is about.. You know my count is 14, 15 lawyers to have working on this one investigation to investigate to investigate what? An employment dispute between Comey and the President? You have the conflicts caused by Comey leaking records to get Mueller appointed, you have Constitutional concerns about the way the office operates. Fitton then pointed out what s a big concern for most people watching this unfold:  Are there any Trump donors on the team? IN CASE YOU HAVEN T HEARD   HERE S OUR RECENT REPORT ON THE LOPSIDED GROUP OF ALL DEMOCRAT DONOR LAWYERS HELPING MUELLER TRY AND BURY TRUMP:Former NH Governor John Sununu let Alison Camarata have it when she asked about the Russia investigation and Robert Mueller. Sununu said that Trump should have been notified if he was under investigation and then he slammed Mueller for hiring all Dems.Camerota:  Should the White House know if the President is being investigated for obstruction of justice? Sununu:  If the President is being investigated for obstruction of justice, the White House should have been officially notified. Sununu:  What bothers me the most and there must be a reason for it, is Mueller making four of his first hires so blatantly biased lawyers, pro-Democrat lawyers with a bias certainly against the President. Maybe Mueller has decided internally that this isn t going anywhere and that the only way he can have credibility on a decision saying that there s nothing there is to have that decision come from a group of lawyers that are so blatantly biased against the President. CNN Reports   Three members of the legal team known to have been hired so far by special counsel Robert Mueller to handle the Russia investigation have given political donations almost exclusively to Democrats, according to a CNN analysis of Federal Election Commission records.",0
15991,"McMaster Gave Susan Rice Continued Access To Classified Info, She Still Has Clearance","This very important scandal is unfolding before us. It has many, many  legs  with different Obama administration officials involved. Don t count on the main stream media to fill you in. This is a big deal!Andrew McCarthy said it best: The national-security adviser is not an investigator. She is a White House staffer. The president s staff is a consumer of intelligence, not a generator or collector of it. If Susan Rice was unmasking Americans, it was not to fulfill an intelligence need based on American interests; it was to fulfill a political desire based on Democratic-party interests. Circa News has been uncovering disturbing information regarding the  unmasking  of American citizens and how Obama provided a way for the unmasking to go  unfettered . Susan Rice and Samantha Power both have  unfettered access  to classified material and likely unmasked many in government. Sara Carter reports below on H.R. McMaster s involvement in this unmasking:Almost one month after it was disclosed that former President Obama s National Security Adviser Susan Rice was unmasking members of President Trump s team and other Americans, Trump s own national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, sent an official letter giving her unfettered and continuing access to classified information and waiving her  need-to-know  requirement on anything she viewed or received during her tenure, Circa has confirmed.The undated and unclassified letter from McMaster was sent in the mail to Rice s home during the last week of April. Trump was not aware of the letter or McMaster s decision, according to two Senior West Wing officials and an intelligence official, who spoke to Circa on condition that they not be named. This is the letter from McMaster to Rice. Names, phone numbers and personal addresses have been blurred. I hereby waive the requirement that you must have a  need-to-know  to access any classified information contained in items you  originated, reviewed, signed or received while serving,  as National Security Adviser,  the letter said. The letter also states that the  NSC will continue to work with you to ensure the appropriate security clearance documentation remains on file to allow you access to classified information. Circa revealed in March that during President Obama s tenure, top aides   including Rice, former CIA Director John Brennan and former Attorney General Loretta Lynch   routinely reviewed intelligence reports received from the National Security Agency s incidental intercepts of Americans abroad. They were doing so by taking advantage of rules Obama relaxed starting in 2011 to help the government better fight terrorism, espionage by foreign enemies and hacking threats, according to documents obtained by Circa.In June, the House Intelligence Committee subpoenaed Rice as part of the committee s larger investigation into the unmasking of Americans under the Obama administration. Rice maintains that she never accessed the information inappropriately and has agreed to testify before the committee.Under the law, and under certain conditions, it is common practice for some senior government officials to be given the unfettered access to classified information, and their  need to know  is waived under  Executive Order 13526 Section 4.4 Access by Historical Researchers and Certain Former Government Personnel.  But the White House officials told Circa that under the current congressional investigation, and given President Trump s ongoing concern that members of his team were unmasked, Rice s clearance should have been limited to congressional testimony only or revoked until the end of the investigation. Rice and Brennan have confirmed they sought the unredacted names of Americans in NSA-sourced intelligence reports, but insisted their requests were routine parts of their work and that they did nothing improper. Former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power also has legal authority to unmask officials.In a June tweet, Trump called the revelation that Rice and other Obama senior officials were unmasking members of his team the  big story  the  unmasking and surveillance  that took place during the Obama administration. Basically, this letter which was signed in the last week of April undercuts the president s assertion that Susan Rice s unmasking activity was inappropriate. In essence, anybody who committed a violation as she did would not be given access to classified information,  said a senior West Wing official, who was shown the document by Circa and verified its authenticity.  In fact, they would have their security clearance and right to  need-to-know  stripped. The point is, is that it lowers the bar for her,  the Senior West Wing official said. This memo McMaster sent to Rice makes it so that she doesn t have to prove a continuing  need-to-know  to have access to classified information and in effect is a White House pardon of Susan Rice and could be used by other Obama officials who conducted targeted unmasking of the campaign as a defense,  the official added.REMEMBER THAT RICE RECENTLY LIED AGAIN ABOUT THE UNMASKING   SHE DID IT ON NATIONAL TV:If the Obama administration was good at anything, it was good at lying to hijack the narrative.Remember when Susan Rice lied after Benghazi? It is what she does so well. Flash forward to the latest hot water she s in and it s hard to tell what she d want us believe this time WHICH SHOULD WE BELIEVE? WHAT SHE SAID TO ANDREA MITCHELL OR TO JUDY WOODRUFF?Susan Rice appeared on Andrea Mitchell. She claimed she didn t leak  nothing to nobody Did you catch that double negative?There might be more to that because she s using words in the two sentences very carefully .Check it out:SUSAN RICE VERSION ONE:WATCH: Susan Rice insists  I leaked nothing to nobody  https://t.co/kAsbu4VJDN  MSNBC (@MSNBC) April 4, 2017SUSAN RICE VERSION TWO: I know nothing about this. I was surprised to see reports from Chairman Nunes on that count today. What she says is a lie but who is surprised by this? We know that Susan Rice lied 5 times on 5 different morning shows the morning after Benghazi. Why wouldn t she try and cover this spying up to protect herself and others including Obama.Susan Rice is also giving conflicting stories on what she did so it might be a good idea for her to lawyer up right now. She claimed ignorance of the unmasking and spying but today she spoke about doing it. Yes, red flags are everywhere on this! The reality and truth is this was more of a political attack to destabilize the Trump presidency and embarrass him:The bottom line is that laws were broken when the names were unmasked Someone s in BIG trouble!Read more: circa news",0
15992,WHY TRUMP’S DOJ Gets Asian Support in Fight Against ‘Race-Based College Admissions Policies’,"Have you ever heard of the  bamboo ceiling ? The term was used when referring to the Harvard quotas against Asian students. Did you know that Asian students are harmed by racial quotas in college admissions like no other group? Affirmative action was supposed to help promote equality in college admissions but is having the opposite effect by discriminating against Asian students in a BIG way! It s why one large Asian group has come out in favor of Trump s DOJ in their effort to stop discrimination against Asian students and others in the current  race-based college admissions policies .One Asian-American legal group is pleased with the announcement that the Department of Justice might examine affirmative action, saying it represents a positive development in the fight against race-based college admission policies.Studies on affirmative action have shown that Asian-American students might suffer more from these race-based policies than other ethnic groups. A 2009 studied revealed Asian American students often have to score higher on their SATs than their white, black and Latin counterparts to be considered on the same playing field.Lee Cheng, the co-founder and director of the Asian American Legal Foundation, spoke to The Daily Caller News Foundation about his hope that the DOJ will now be a partner in the fight against race-based policies in college admissions. Now there is a voice in DC that we can appeal to. There s an administration and there are people at the federal government level who want to enforce civil rights as they were meant to be enforced, which is to protect individual rights of all Americans regardless of race. So we view that as certainly a very positive development,  Cheng told TheDCNF.  We absolutely intend to keep an eye on the development of schools across the country and where we find discrimination under the euphemism of affirmative action we would definitely let the DOJ know that they should investigate. The New York Times broke news Tuesday night of an internal DOJ memo asking lawyers in the civil rights division whether they are willing to perform  investigations and possible litigation related to intentional race-based discrimination in college and university admissions.  The memo does not make absolutely clear what groups are affected by these affirmative action policies.Read more: Daily Caller",0
15993,TEXAS COLLEGE STUDENTS OUTRAGED: Traditional 9/11 Memorial Flag Display Moved…Could “Offend” Some Students,"The shocker about this is that students on both sides of the political spectrum want the 9/11 flags to be displayed where they ve always been displayed. The inability of college campuses to stand up to people who are perpetually offended is a sad statement on where we are in American tolerance these days. It s so ironic that the left wants you to march to their drum beat or else they will destroy you. Note to SMU: You had a good thing going with your student body coming together to memorialize 9/11 so let it continue!DALLAS, Tex.   In a time of extreme political divide, students both Republican and Democrat at one Texas college have found something they can agree on.For the past two years at Southern Methodist University, a campus group has planted thousands of American flags in front of Dallas Hall as a memorial to the victims of the 9/11 attacks. That s simply contradictory to the very definition of free speech,  said Grant Wolf, the Young Americans for Freedom Chairman.But in July, SMU changed its policy, saying student groups can no longer have displays there.The lawn has historically hosted tributes and protests from students of all political affiliations. The leaders of two prominent student groups say the policy violates their right to free speech. They re basically cornering us into a segment of campus and saying you re not allowed to have a display here because it s triggering, harmful or offensive to students over there,  said Drew Wicker, the President of SMU College Republicans.SMU released a statement saying nearby Momac Park, where displays will be allowed, is larger than the lawn and is along one of the most prominent drives on campus.The university said it  respects the rights of all campus community members to express their opinions, as well as their right to be free from coercion or harassment. Via: Fox 5 Atlanta",0
15994,BROTHER OF SETH RICH Works For Cyber Security Firm…Reportedly BLOCKED Family’s Private Investigator From Determining If Seth Was Wikileaks Source…Refused To Let Investigator See Seth’s Computer: “I already checked it…Don’t worry about it”,"What the heck is going on? Why is the media, who has been virtually silent about former DNC staffer Seth Rich s death until now, coming out to attack President Trump and his administration, accusing them of pushing a false narrative about his murder? Shouldn t every American regardless of political affiliation want to get to the bottom of Rich s suspicious death? Why is there so much secrecy and mystery surrounding the staffer who was getting ready to move over to the Hillary campaign when he was murdered on the streets of DC, only blocks from his home early in the morning, after he was last seen leaving a local bar he frequented. The DC police called it a robbery. The  robbers  didn t take his wallet, the contents of his wallet or his expensive watch.Aaron Rich, who had reportedly been blocking his family s private investigator from looking into whether or not his brother Seth was a WikiLeaks source, works for an influential defense contractor that provides cyber security.According to a source close to the Rich family, Aaron works for Northrup Grumman, which was named as the fifth-largest defense contractor in the world in 2015. The source did not provide what his specific role is at the company. It s not just hacking and defending, there s a lot more to it,  a cyber software engineer at Northrup Grumman says in a video on the company s website.As we previously reported, Aaron Rich was actively attempting to shut down anyone looking into the WikiLeaks connection according to Rod Wheeler, who was brought on as a private investigator in his brother s murder case.Wheeler said that brother Aaron Rich tried to block Wheeler from looking at Seth s computer, even though there could be evidence on it.  He said no, he said I have his computer, meaning him,  Wheeler said.  I said, well can I look at it? He said, what are you looking for? I said anything that could indicate if Seth was having problems with someone. He said no, I already checked it. Don t worry about it. Aaron also blocked Wheeler from finding out about who was at a party Seth attended the night of the murder. All I want you to do is work on the botched robbery theory and that s it,  Aaron told Wheeler, according to Wheeler s claim on the audio. Wheeler said that Seth s father Joel  does not appear to have any hidden agenda. Rich was shot in the back in the early morning hours of July 10, 2016, near his home while he was on the phone with his girlfriend   12 days before the publication of the DNC emails by WikiLeaks. The police initially ruled that it was a botched robbery   but his wallet, watch, and necklace were still on his person when he was discovered by police.Big League Politics has also released an audio recording of journalist Seymour Hersh stating that Seth Rich was in fact WikiLeaks  source.Listen to the Seymour Hersh interview here: All I know is that he offered a sample, an extensive sample, I m sure dozens of emails, and said  I want money.  Later, WikiLeaks did get the password, he had a DropBox, a protected DropBox,  he said. They got access to the DropBox. Hersh also states that Rich had concerns about something happening to him,  the word was passed, according to the NSA report, he also shared this DropBox with a couple of friends, so that  if anything happens to me it s not going to solve your problems,  he added.  WikiLeaks got access before he was killed. For entire story: Big League Politics ",0
15995,EMPLOYEES IMPLANTED WITH MICROCHIP at “Chip Party”…First Company in US to Have Microchip Program,"We reported last week on the Wisconsin company that is the first in the US to have a microchip program. Please see our previous report after the update below.Three Square Market has received international attention since it announced the voluntary microchip program, believed to be the first of its kind in the United States.The microchip program is voluntary. If willing, employees allow the company to implant a Radio-Frequency Identification chip between the thumb and forefinger.The RFID chip will open doors, log in to computers, and make purchases from vending machines. The technology is similar to mobile pay services like Apple Pay and Google Wallet.Three Square Market assures employees that they will not be able to track them because the chip does not have GPS. Data on the microchip is encrypted.The company says the chip is FDA approved. It is removed  similar to a splinter. A reporter from our Milwaukee partner station WISN is covering the  chip party.  Tim Elliott had a chip implanted and tweeted that it  hurt a bit   like a mean pinch. Read more: wbayIT BEGINS: Wisconsin Company First in US to Implant Microchips in EmployeesIf you worked for a company that offered the convenience of a microchip implanted in your hand, would you get it? A company in Wisconsin is going with the trend:  It s the next thing that s inevitably going to happen, and we want to be a part of it. RIVER FALLS, Wisc.   A company in Wisconsin is about to become the first in the US to offer microchip implants to its employees. It s the next thing that s inevitably going to happen, and we want to be a part of it,  Three Square Market Chief Executive Officer Todd Westby told KTSP.The company designs software for electronic break room markets, are commonly found in office complexes.People are currently able to purchase items at the market using phones, but Westby wants to take things a step further and implant a microchip inside a person s hand. We ll come up, scan the item,  he explained, while showing how the process will work at an actual break room market kiosk.  We ll hit pay with a credit card, and it s asking to swipe my proximity payment now. I ll hold my hand up, just like my cell phone, and it ll pay for my product. More than 50 employees are having the devices implanted starting next week. Each chip, which is implanted between a person s thumb and forefinger, is about the size of a single grain of rice.Along with purchasing market kiosk items, employees will be able to use the chip to get into the front door and log onto their computers.Each chip costs $300, but the company is eating the cost. They re implanted between a person s thumb and forefinger.Westby added the data is both encrypted and secure.* There s no GPS tracking at all,  he said.FORTUNE reported:The company is working with Biohax International, a Swedish company specializing in  smart biometric sensors.  The embedded chip uses the same sort of near-field communications (NFC) technology that enables people to hold up their phones to a device to make payments. *The chips also rely on wireless RFID (radio frequency identification) technology used to track packages in transit.***DOES ANYONE ELSE SEE A RED FLAG HERE?No employees at Three Square Market will be required to get the chip implant.Via: wbrz",0
15996,HOW MUSLIM IT WORKERS FOR Democrats Sold US Intel to Foreign Agents [Video],"Judge Napolitano had this to say about the DNC s Muslim IT worker:  He was arrested for some financial crime. That s the tip of the iceberg. The real crime against him was that he had contact, he had access to emails of every member of Congress and he sold what he found in there. What did he sell and to whom did he sell it. That s what the FBI wants to know. This may be a very, very serious national security investigation. We ve been reporting this scandal for months but it s just now heating up. The most of the main stream media has been silent on this serious national security breach within the DNC. The FBI is investigating who was given top secret information by the DNC IT workers who had email access to everyone in Congress!The puzzling part of this entire scandal is that the payment was outrageous! Over $4 million was given to this family and associates!THE DAILY CALLER REPORTED ON THIS BREACH OF SECURITY WAY BACK IN FEBRUARY WHEN THE BROTHERS WERE FIRED:Three brothers who managed office information technology for members of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and other lawmakers were abruptly relieved of their duties on suspicion that they accessed congressional computers without permission.Brothers Abid, Imran, and Jamal Awan were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives Thursday, The Daily Caller News Foundation Investigative Group has learned.Three members of the intelligence panel and five members of the House Committee on Foreign Affairs were among the dozens of members who employed the suspects on a shared basis. The two committees deal with many of the nation s most sensitive issues and documents, including those related to the war on terrorism.Also among those whose computer systems may have been compromised is Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the Florida Democrat who was previously the target of a disastrous email hack when she served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee during the 2016 campaign.The brothers are suspected of serious violations, including accessing members  computer networks without their knowledge and stealing equipment from Congress.Jamal handled IT for Rep. Joaquin Castro, a Texas Democrat who serves on both the intelligence and foreign affairs panels. As of 2/2, his employment with our office has been terminated,  Castro spokeswoman Erin Hatch told TheDCNF Friday.Jamal also worked for Louisiana Democrat Rep. Cedric Richmond, who is on the Committee on Homeland Security.Imran worked for Reps. Andre Carson, an Indiana Democrat, and Jackie Speier, a California Democrat. Both are members of the intelligence committee, and their spokesmen did not respond to TheDCNF s requests for comment. Imran also worked for the House office of Wasserman Schultz.Then-Rep. Tammy Duckworth, an Illinois Democrat, employed Abid for IT work in 2016. She was a member of House committees dealing with the armed services, oversight, and Benghazi. Duckworth was elected to the Senate in November, 2016. Abid has a prior criminal record and a bankruptcy.Read more: Daily Caller",0
15997,LIBERAL ELITIST SENATOR Says “Obamacare is NOT hurting people” BUT He Previously Said Something Completely Different [Video],"Do you just want to wring this guy s neck for claiming that Obamacare  isn t hurting people ? It s obvious this Democrat hasn t been out of the Beltway in years He s another lying politician because in the video below this one he claims that  premiums and deductibles are going up How is that NOT hurting people?Please enlighten Senator Van Hollen on the nightmare of Obamacare! Here s his contact information:SENATOR CHRIS VAN HOLLENVAN HOLLEN TWITTERVAN HOLLEN FACEBOOKPLEASE CONTACT THIS CLUELESS SENATOR AT ANY OF THE LINKS ABOVE!VAN HOLLEN IS A FLIP FLOPPER! HE SAYS IN THE VIDEO BELOW AT THE :30 POINT THAT PREMIUMS AND DEDUCTIBLES WERE RISING HOW DOES THAT NOT HURT PEOPLE???Van Hollen responds to Camerota s question of whether Obamacare is hurting people:  Let s start with that question the president poses one more time,  If Obamacare is hurting people, why shouldn t it hurt the insurance companies and why should Congress not be paying what the public pays?'  Camerota said.  What is the answer to that? Well, first of all, Obamacare is not hurting people,  Van Hollen responded.  In fact, what would have really hurt people was if we would have passed Trumpcare. Van Hollen began to explain how the GOP replacement would have failed, but was cut off by Camerota. Right, but you know not everyone is delighted with Obamacare and people have grave reservations about it,  Camerota said. Alisyn, nobody has said it s perfect,  Van Hollen said.  We ve said from the very beginning, we need to improve the exchanges. The senator then went on to list what needs to be improved and how it can be done. The first order of business is for the president to stop trying to sabotage the exchanges. There are a couple of things totally within the power of the Trump administration,  Van Hollen said.",0
15998,JOE BIDEN Called McCain Urged Him to Vote Against Obamacare Repeal,"THE OLD GUARD DEMOCRATS BROUGHT ON THE FULL COURT PRESS: Former Vice President Joe Biden personally lobbied Sen. John McCain before the senator cast the crucial vote to take down a Republican attempt to repeal the Obamacare, according to The Washington Post.The call between the two was emotional, according to the Post. McCain was recently diagnosed with the same kind of brain cancer that Biden s son Beau died of in 2015. Joe Biden served in the Senate from 1972 until 2008, while McCain has been a senator since 1987 .TERM LIMITS!While Biden lobbied McCain, former President Barack Obama remained quiet on the issue as the Senate was on the verge of dismantling a core piece of his legacy.Former Sen. Joseph Lieberman  a close friend of McCain, also lobbied him to oppose the bill, according to the Post.Read more: HuffPo",0
15999,SOCIALIST BERNIE SANDERS Can’t Explain Single Payer or Why Blue States Rejected It [Video],"Bernie Sanders should know his socialized medicine but in an exchange on Sunday he failed when he was pressed to explain why a single-payer health care system was rejected in Vermont and California, two staunchly Democratic states:CNN host Jake Tapper said that California and Vermont are  cobalt blue states  and asked how single-payer could be affordable at the national level if they rejected the system at the state level because of the expense:Single-payer failed to pass in both California and Vermont after lawmakers were unable to figure out how to fund the system. Voters in Colorado also rejected single-payer last year.Sanders pushed back against Tapper, citing  studies that he has seen,  and said that single-payer would save the average family  significant sums of money. If you look at Canada s single-payer health care system per capita, their costs are far far less than the United States,  Sanders said.   If you look at the UK, if you look at countries around the world, all of which have different approaches to a national health care system, in every instance, they are spending substantially less per capita than we pay in the United States. Read more: WFB",0
16000,NJ GOV CHRIS CHRISTIE Gets in Cubs Fan’s Face at Baseball Game…Not Pretty [Video],"NJ Governor Chris Christie was being heckled during a baseball game at Miller Park. He lost it and got in the face of a Chicago Cubs fan and said  Yeah, you re a big shot . Doesn t he know better than to respond to people like that? What would you do?At #Cubs #Brewers game. #ChrisChristie was getting razzed by fans, so he got in the face of one of them. 5:30 on @WISN12News pic.twitter.com/sx8euMgFy2  Ben Hutchison (@BennyHutch) July 30, 2017In a video, Christie can be seen holding some nachos before going nose-to-nose with the Cubs fan. The Cubs fan was asked by one of the people around him what did Christie say and the fan replied:  You want to act like a big shot? Christie s son works for the Brewers. Christie was recently booed at a New York Mets game after catching a foul ball in the stands. He has also filled in for New York City sports radio host Mike Francesa in what may have been an audition to possibly succeed Francesa, when he retires at the end of the year.THIS ISN T CHRISTIE S FIRST RUN-IN WITH A MAN ON THE STREET:Via: Gateway Pundit",0
16001,HOW PRESIDENT TRUMP Can Remove Congress From Their ObamaCare Exemption [Video],"President Trump tweeted that he was considering removing bailouts and forcing Congress to pay for their health insurance at the same rates as the rest of the country. BELOW, DR. MICHAEL SIEGEL AND MICHAEL NEEDHAM (BELOW) DISCUSS HOW TRUMP CAN TAKE THE OBAMACARE EXEMPTION FROM CONGRESS:Michael Needham appeared on Fox Weekend News to discuss the possibility of President Trump removing tax-payer funded subsidies for individual members of Congress, and their staff, that allows them to avoid feeling the cost of ObamaCare.He states that this tweet could put the right pressure on Congress to come to a decision by making them  feel the full impact of the premium increases that the American people are feeling.  The American people are tired of Washington playing by different rules. In order to escape the skyrocketing premiums and other disadvantages of Obamacare, Congress defined itself as a  small business  which would entail an organization that employs fifty people or less. This then put them into the DC Small Business Exchange, allowing them to receive up to $12,000 in subsidies. He believes that it s the Senate that needs to step up to the plate since the House and POTUS have already stated their support.Read more: The Conservative Tree House",0
16002,FARMER FINED A WHOPPING $2.8 MILLION Asks President Trump For Help,"A California farmer fined $2.8 million for plowing through vernal pools protected by the Clean Water Act without a permit is appealing to the Trump administration for help, according to California s Record Spotlight.John Duarte has sent letters to Agriculture secretary Sonny Perdue, as well as Attorney General Jeff Sessions seeking clarification on the federal government s case against him, the Record Spotlight reports.While the Clean Water Act protects  waters of the U.S.,  it does contain exemptions for farmers.The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers fined Duarte Nursery, owned by Duarte, in 2012 for failing to get a permit before plowing through vernal pools located on a recently purchased 450 acre plot of land. The vernal pools, temporary bodies of water that house certain species of plants and animals, are protected as waters of the United States by the Clean Water Act of 1972. We expected the Trump administration to provide regulatory relief from Obama-era overreach, and we haven t seen it yet,  Duarte said according to the Record Spotlight.  We re hoping to see the administration engage this issue, to look at it again. House Agriculture Chairman Mike Conway and House Judiciary Chairman Bob Goodlatte sided with Duarte, sending a letter to Sessions May 26 questioning the merit of the Duarte case.Read more: DC",0
16003,BURN! NYT TAKES JAB AT FOX NEWS…Watch How FOX Got Even in a Big Way! [Video],"Sometimes, the left just makes it far too easy to win.It is a well-known fact that President Trump is a big fan of FNC s  FOX & Friends,  tweeting about it often. New York Times  James Poniewozik recently ran a hit piece criticizing the show for its friendly relationship with the president, stating that  President Trump is the show s subject, its programmer, its publicist and its virtual fourth host. The stars offer him flattery, encouragement and advice. While furthering his point, Poniewozik complimented the morning show by calling it the most powerful TV show in America  due to Trump s support. Instead of getting mad, FNC got even. They purchased ads in the New Yorks Times featuring its own accidental compliment. A Fox News source confirmed that the advertisement was in direct response to the article. But the sweet revenge didn t end there. After hearing about FNC s clever move in response to Poniewozik s piece, President Trump tweeted his own jab at the New York Times:Wow, the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends  .the most powerful T.V. show in America.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 27, 2017 FOX & Friends  host Steve Doocy held up the ad on air to share the victory with viewers. Co-host Ainsley Earhardt gave the show s viewers all the credit, saying  we have the best viewers. You guys are so awesome. Long-time host Brian Kilmeade joked that it must have been tough for the Times to admit the success of the show before stating the ad was also featured in the New York Post.Looks like Trump isn t the only one in town who can go head to head with the liberal media and come out on top.Read more: Biz Pac Review",0
16004,BUSTED! H.R. McMaster Caught Communicating Internal White House Info with Deep State’s McCabe,"Sara Carter of Circa News is a very trusted source who goes deep like no other journalist we know. Carter is reporting that National Security Advisor, H.R. McMaster has been communicating White House internal information to Deep State Acting FBI Director Andy McCabe.Investigating: sources say, McMaster has been communicating WH internal politics 2 Acting FBI director Andy McCabe.  More shake-ups?  Sara A. Carter (@SaraCarterDC) July 28, 2017We ve written extensively on McCabe who was in hot water for doing unscrupulous things (see below) during his wife s campaign. His loyalty to Trump has been called into question numerous times. The timing is interesting because Judicial Watch just filed three lawsuits for info on McCabe.Investigative reporter Mike Cernovich has been reporting for months that McMaster is on the globalist s agenda and secretly working against President Trump s  America First  plans. It has also been previously reported that Comey s replacement as Acting FBI Head, Andrew McCabe, has ties to the Hillary Clinton campaign.McCabe is also being investigated by the Office of U.S. Counsel violating the Hatch Act which prohibits FBI agents from campaigning in partisan races. Concerns arose when different media outlets found that a political action committee affiliated with Virginia governor Terry McAuliffe (who has ties to Bill and Hilary Clinton) contributed almost $500,000 to the 2015 Virginia State Senate campaign of McCabe s wife, Jill McCabe. She also received $207,788 from the Virginia Democratic Party, which is connected to McAuliffe, a Democrat.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE FBI S MCCABE BEING UNDER INVESTIGATION:Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is being investigated by the Office of U.S. Counsel violating the Hatch Act according to a new report by Circa News.The Hatch Act prohibits FBI agents from campaigning in partisan races. Photos of McCabe campaigning for his wife raised questions about McCabe s compliance with the law.Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is being investigated by the Office of U.S. Special Counsel for violating The Hatch Act that prohibits FBI agents from campaigning in partisan races.The Office of U.S. Special Counsel, the government s main whistleblower agency, is investigating whether FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe s activities supporting his wife Jill s Democratic campaign for Virginia state senate in 2015 violated the Hatch Act s prohibition against FBI agents campaigning in partisan races. I am voting for Jill because she is the best wife ever,  McCabe put on a sign that he photographed himself holding. The photo was posted on her social media page a few days before the election, in response to Dr. Jill McCabe s plea to  help me win  by posting photos expressing reasons why voters should vote for her, according to the complaint.Other social media photos in the complaint showed McCabe s minor daughter campaigning with her mother, wearing an FBI shirt, and McCabe voting with his wife at a polling station.Here is another social media photo of our acting #FBI director, #AndrewMcCabe breaking the rules by campaigning on social media. #Corrupt pic.twitter.com/hBCH29yErY  Senator Dick Black (@SenRichardBlack) May 9, 2017The Hatch Act prohibits FBI employees from engaging  in political activity in concert with a political party, a candidate for partisan political office, or a partisan political group. It defines prohibited political activity as  any activity directed at the success or failure of a partisan group or candidate in a partisan election. An ethics expert told Circa the photos raised legitimate questions about McCabe s compliance with the law.Meanwhile, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe s office released to Circa under the Freedom of Information Act documents showing McCabe attended a meeting with his wife and the governor on a Saturday in March 2015 specifically to discuss having Jill McCabe run for state Senate in Virginia as a Democrat. This is a candidate recruitment meeting. McCabe is seriously considering running against State Senator Dick Black. You have been asked to close the deal,  the briefing memo for McAuliffe read.Watch Sean Hannity discuss McCabe s involvement in his wife s campaign as well as his ties to Hillary s campaign:Included in the governor s briefing package was a copy of McCabe s FBI biography. The biography made clear that Andrew McCabe was a senior executive who at the time oversaw the FBI s Washington field office that among many tasks supervised investigations in northern Virginia.At the time of the meeting, published reports indicate agents in the Washington field office were involved in both a probe of McAuliffe and of the governor s close friend, Hillary Clinton s and her private email account.h/t Gateway PunditRead more: Gateway Pundit",0
16005,SCARAMUCCI’S WIFE FILES FOR DIVORCE…Why She’s Blaming Trump,"When was the last time being loyal to your boss was a negative, especially when your boss is the POTUS!The White House s new communications director Anthony Scaramucci is being divorced by his wife Deirdre Ball after three years of marriage because of his ruthless mission to get close to President Donald Trump, whom she despises. A source says that while  she liked the nice Wall Street life and their home on Long Island  she did not care for the  insane world of D.C.  and she is tired of his  naked ambition. Another source said the former couple had fought over his loyalty to Trump. The source noted,  Deidre is not a fan of Trump, and she hasn t exactly been on board and supportive of Anthony and his push to get back into the White House. According to reports, Ball donated $5,400 to the congressional campaign of anti-Trump Democrat Kathleen Rice in 2015. But she also donated $10,800 to Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker s presidential campaign and $2,700 to Jeb Bush s campaign the same year.Deidre worked as a vice president in investor relations for SkyBridge Capital, the firm Scaramucci founded in 2005 and sold to ascend to the White House. The source said that Scaramucci had been  hell-bent  on claiming his position at the White House after he was originally pegged for a senior role. This ambition was halted by Reince Priebus, Trump s chief of staff. But, after an aggressive campaign, Scaramucci was made communications director by Trump which prompted Sean Spicer to quit.Scaramucci recently gave an incredibly strange interview with the New Yorker, telling reporter Ryan Lizza that he thought Priebus was a  f king paranoid schizophrenic, a paranoiac.  He then added,  I m not Steve Bannon, I am not trying to suck my own c k. He was also noted saying,  I m not trying to build my own brand off the f king strength of the president. I am here to serve the country. Ball went by the Twitter handle @MrsAScaramucci but, according to reports, she deleted her account after her husband was appointed as White House communications director. A friend close to Scaramucci stated that  Anthony is focusing on his children, his work for the president and the American people. There is nothing more important to him. I don t know who Deidre thought she was marrying but anyone who knows Anthony knows he s an ambitious man. Read more: Page Six",0
16006,SHOCKING TESTIMONY Confirms Comey Used Fake Russian “Golden Showers” Dossier to Target Trump [Video],"During congressional testimony, the CEO of Hermitage Capital was speaking about the  Foreign Agents Registration Act  (FARA). During the testimony the origin of the Fusion GPS  Russian Dossier  was discussed (please see our previous report on this below). The Hermitage Capital CEO revealed that the Russian government actually paid Fusion GPS to create the fake  Golden Shower  propaganda dossier on candidate Trump. Here s the kicker: That same dossier was used by the FBI in June/July 2016 to generate the FISA surveillance warrants against the Trump campaign.Yes, that means FBI Director Comey used the fake dossier  commissioned by Russia to attack Trump, as the framework to launch his FBI investigation into candidate Donald Trump and Russian collusion.Soooo why is Mueller still investigating President Trump?Entire video of Testimony Below:Graham s questioning begins at the 48:40 point:Foreign Agent Registration Requirements William Bowder, a Russian market investor, testifies at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing on foreign agent registration requirements, as well as what he knows about Natalia Veslnitskaya, a Russian attorney who met with Donald Trump, Jr. in 2016. OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THE DOSSIER:EXTRAORDINARY DETAILS EMERGE About How Senator John McCain Got  Dirty Dossier  On President Trump From Ex-Spy Where s The Media Outrage?Where was the media s outrage when a sitting United States senator, John McCain went on a wild goose chase, that led him overseas, in an effort to obtain what he believed was incriminating evidence that could be used to harm President Trump? How is it okay for Senator John McCain to actively seek dirt on a sitting president, but not okay for Donald Trump Jr. (who is NOT a government official) to meet with a Russian lawyer in an attempt to discover potential dirt on presidential candidate Hillary Clinton?Sen. John McCain commented on Tuesday about Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with the Russian lawyer. How serious do you think this particular shoe is?  Raju asked, referring to Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with Kremlin-linked lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya after being promised dirt on Clinton that was reportedly part of a Russian government effort. I don t know. But it s certainly another shoe that s dropped that needs to be pursued and looked at,  McCain said.  TPMWatch RINO Senator John McCain express his concern overt the seriousness of Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with the Russian lawyer about the lifting US sanctions on Russian adoption. It s curious that the reporter never asked McCain about his efforts to smear our president with a unsubstantiated dirty dossier from an ex-spy:Before we go any further into the messy details of John McCain s international dealings to find dirt on our sitting president, it s worth mentioning that as far as we know, no one was murdered as a result of Donald Trump Jr. s meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya, who entered the US without a visa under  extraordinary circumstances  thanks to the efforts of Barack Obama s DOJ. The same cannot be said about McCain s dealings with the  dirty dossier  on Trump. Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya is also said to have ties to Fusion GPS, the sketchy secretive Washington firm that commissioned the dubious intelligence dossier on Donald Trump.According to the Daily Caller   The Russian lawyer who offered Donald Trump Jr. damaging information about former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reportedly has ties to the opposition research firm that commissioned the dossier on President Donald Trump.When the June 2016 meeting took place, Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya was in New York to defend Prevezon, a Russian holding firm accused of laundering money for corrupt Russian businessmen. Veselnitskaya had been working on the case for years with assistance from Fusion GPS, the opposition research firm that compiled the Trump dossier.Fusion GPS denied any knowledge of, or role in, facilitating the meeting between Veselnitskaya and Trump Jr.According to The Sun: A FORMER KGB spy chief suspected of helping Brit spook Christopher Steele compile the Trump  dirty dossier  has been found dead in his car under mysterious circumstances.Oleg Erovinkin, described as a key source behind the widely discredited document, was found dead in the back of his car in Moscow on Boxing Day.Today, the Daily Mail reports: Sen. John McCain said he did  what any citizen would do  in turning over the dirty dossier, which contained unconfirmed secrets about the president-elect, over to the FBI.The Guardian charted the path of how the dossier came to be and how it was that McCain got his hands on the controversial documents.In turn, that firm outsourced the research to a  retired western European former counter-intelligence official, with a long history of dealing with the shadow world of Moscow s spooks and siloviki (securocrats),  explained the Guardian.Yesterday, the Wall Street Journal identified the ex-spy as Christopher Steele.The Guardian pointed out that just because a Democrat was willing to pay for the information that didn t mean that said Democrat was Hillary Clinton s campaign or the Democratic National Committee.Sometimes donors seek out this information in order to ensure they ve made a sound investment.***Yeah okay!***The contractor, who the Guardian didn t name, but the Wall Street Journal identified as Steele, reportedly found the information that he dug up to be concerning. He and another ex-British diplomat, Christopher Burrows, run their own company, Orbis Business Intelligence. If the allegations were real, their implications were overwhelming,  the Guardian wrote.On November 18, at the Halifax International Security Forum, McCain was introduced to a  former senior western diplomat  who had set eyes on the documents and knew who put them together, telling the Arizona Republican that the individual was  highly reliable. That man can now be named as Sir Andrew Wood, British ambassador to Moscow from 1995 to 2000.Wood told the Independent that he had met McCain, spoken to him about Trump, and about the potential for him to be compromised.In a carefully nuanced statement he said:  Yes I did meet Senator McCain and his aides at the conference. We spoke about the kind of activities the Russians can be engaged in. We also spoke about how Mr Trump may find himself in a position where there could be an attempt to blackmail him with Kompromat [a Russian term for compromising material] and claims that there were audio and video tapes in existence.   He added:  I would like to stress that I did not pass on any dossier to Senator McCain or anyone else and I did not see a dossier at the time. I do know Christopher Steele and in my view he is very professional and thorough in what he does. He did not however address whether he told McCain there was a dossier   and how to get it.Clearly, somebody did.From there, McCain dispatched a  trusted emissary  who flew across the Atlantic to meet the source of the documents at an airport that the Guardian did not name.The aide was instructed to look for a man with a copy of the Financial Times and that s how the individuals met, with the source taking McCain s emissary back to his house and giving the American a copy of the documents.Within 24 hours, the dossier was in Washington, though the contents of the file couldn t be verified without an investigation.  McCain, the Guardian said, was worried that his actions might be interpreted as revenge for some of the controversial comments Trump made about him   such as knocking the fact that the longtime senator had been a prisoner of war.However, McCain decided to hand over the documents to FBI Director James Comey on December 9. Upon examination of the contents, and unable to make a judgment about their accuracy, I delivered the information to the Director of the FBI,  McCain said Wednesday in a statement about that matter. That has been the extent of my contact with the FBI or any other government agency regarding this issue,  McCain said.For entire story: Daily MailRead more: CT",0
16007,Democrat Tries to Attack Shapiro Over ‘White Privilege’…Then Shapiro Fires Back,"On Thursday, when Daily Wire Editor-in-Chief Ben Shapiro testified before Congress about the suppression of free speech on college campuses, Stacey Plaskett, who is a delegate to the House from the Virgin Islands, decided to attack Shapiro for his explication of the wrongness of the  white privilege  meme It wasn t a good idea.Plaskett protested against the obvious claims that conservatives are suppressed on campus, asserting that both sides of the political spectrum are targeted, citing the instance of Taylor Dumpston, who is black and was the target of hate speech and actions when she was elected student body president at American University.Read more: Daily Wire",0
16008,UNREAL! THREE REPUBLICAN SENATORS Kill Republican Healthcare Bill in Midnight Vote [Video],"It s clear that some Republicans never wanted Obamacare to die Susan Collins of Maine, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and John McCain of Arizona killed the Republican  skinny  bill in a 49-51 vote. McCain could be seen walking into the room with a thumbs down to case his vote. You could hear shocked reaction in the room Sen. John McCain votes NO to defeat Obamacare: John McCain says he voted to reject a so-called skinny repeal healthcare bill in the Senate because it would not accomplish the goal of effectively replacing Obamacare. Issuing a statement the senator said he dramatically voted  no  in the small hours of Friday morning because he did not believe in forcing through the changes without at least some Democrat support.John McCain statement in full explaining, why he killed Donald Trump s skinn  healthcare repeal bill From the beginning, I have believed that Obamacare should be repealed, and replaced with a solution that increases competition, lowers costs and improves care for the American people. The so-called skinny repeal amendment the Senate voted on today, would not accomplish those goals. While the amendment would have repealed some of Obamacare s most burdensome regulations, it offered no replacement to actually reform our health care system and deliver affordable, quality health care to our citizens. The Speaker s statement that, the House would be willing to go to conference does not ease my concern, that this shell of a bill could be taken up and passed at any time. I ve stated time and time again that one of the major failures of Obamacare was that, it was rammed through Congress by Democrats, on a strict-party line basis without a single Republican vote. We should not make the mistakes of the past, that has led to Obamacare s collapse, including in my home state of Arizona where premiums are skyrocketing, and health care providers are fleeing the marketplace.  We must now return to the correct way of legislating, and send the bill back to committee, hold hearings, receive input from both sides of aisle, heed the recommendations of nation s governors, and produce a bill that finally delivers affordable health care for the American people. We must do the hard work our citizens expect of us and deserve. The defeat of the healthcare reforms dealt a serious blow to Donald Trump s reform agenda. Senate Republicans made clear that, unable to even pass the skinny version of their repeal bill, any kind of healthcare reform might prove impossible. This is clearly a disappointing moment, said Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky.  I regret that our efforts were not enough, this time. It s time to move on,  he said. Mr McConnell put the health bill on hold and announced that, the Senate would move onto other legislation next week.Mr Trump responded on Twitter:  3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down. As I said from the beginning, let Obama Care implode, then deal. Watch! ",0
16009,LT COL TONY SHAFFER: Muslim DNC IT Staffers Sent Sensitive Info to Muslim Brotherhood [VIDEO],"Lt. Col. Tony Shaffer opened a can of worms tonight when he said that the Awan brothers sent sensitive intel to the Muslim Brotherhood As if this case couldn t get more bizarre!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UlqiLJVM-soOUR PREVIOUS UPDATE ON THIS BIZARRE CASE: Dem Rep. Debbie Wasserman-Schultz Pakistani IT staffer Imran Awan was arrested at Dulles airport while trying to flee the United States. Get the back story from Maria Bartiromo:  How is it possible that 3 brothers are hired, Muslim brothers just saying, to work in Congress and deal with our most intelligent and sensitive information, number one? They were all making $160,000! Why were they paid so much? 22 years old one of the guys, the other was 25. They re making $160,000, $161,000 and $165,000. And one of them has a criminal background! If you haven t been following this crazy series of events, we ve got a previous report below to fill you in. Basically, Imran Awan and three Muslim relatives were hired to handle IT for the DNC which gave them access to lots of sensitive information NOT GOOD! The Daily Caller just exclusively reported that Awan attempted to destroy hard drives then desperately tried to retrieve them when they were discovered.GETTING THOSE DESTROYED HARD RIVES BACK:Pakistani-born Imran Awan, long-time right-hand IT aide to the former Democratic National Committee (DNC) Chairwoman, has since desperately tried to get the hard drives back, the individual told The Daily Caller News Foundation s Investigative Group.A high-level congressional source, speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the probe, confirmed that the FBI has joined what Politico previously described as a Capitol Police criminal probe into  serious, potentially illegal, violations on the House IT network  by Imran and three of his relatives, who had access to the emails and files of the more than two dozen House Democrats who employed them on a part-time basis.Capitol Police have also seized computer equipment tied to the Florida lawmaker.Awan s younger brothers, Abid and Jamal, his wife, Hina Alvi, and Rao Abbas, Imran s best friend, are also under investigation. There have been no arrests in the case.THIS CASE IS HUGE! MARIA BARTIROMO IS LIVID ABOUT IT:A Pakistani family under criminal investigation by the U.S. Capitol Police (see our previous report below) for abusing their access to the House of Representatives information technology (IT) system may have engaged in myriad other questionable schemes besides allegedly placing  ghost employees  on the congressional payroll.Imran Awan, his wife Hina, and brothers Abid and Jamal collectively netted more than $4 million in salary as IT administrators for House Democrats between 2009 and 2017. Yet the absence of signs of wealth displayed among them raise questions such as was the money sent overseas or did something other than paychecks motivate their actions?Capitol Police revoked the Awans  access to the congressional IT system in February 2017 after a major data breach was detected. Their access had allowed them to read emails and files of dozens of members, including many serving on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Committee on Foreign Affairs.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THIS   THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA IS IGNORING THE CRIMINALITY OF THESE BROTHERS:3 MUSLIM BROTHERS Working For Dems In Congress CAUGHT Accessing Unauthorized Top-Secret Government Intel One Has Criminal Background May Have Ties To Muslim Brotherhood [VIDEO]3 Congressional IT employees have been fired for accessing members computer networks without permission. Maria s on the show, knows more about this. Can you fill me in a bit.Here are their names Stuart. let me tell you what the 3 people that were fired on Thursday: Abid, Imran and Jamal Awan. They were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives on Thursday because they accessed Congressmen and Congress people s computer networks unauthorized. At a minimum they were fired. At a minimum we know that they accessed computers unauthorized and they did so in foreign intelligence, foreign affairs and intelligence committees.  Okay? So they were getting very important information, government information. They accessed these computers. That is the least of it. There s also some talk that people are looking into what ties they have into terrorism. Are they impacted by the Muslim Brotherhood? Are they a part of the Muslim Brotherhood? One of them has a criminal background!How is it possible that 3 brothers are hired, Muslim brothers just saying, to work in Congress and deal with our most intelligent and sensitive information, number one? They were all making $160,000! Why were they paid so much? 22 years old one of the guys, the other was 25. They re making $160,000, $161,000 and $165,000. And one of them has a criminal background! I hear what you re saying, I mean, these intelligence committees handle our terror strategies right? They got in on Benghazi by the way.Yes, and they also worked for many Democrats in the House. They are thinking that they may be also one of the reasons Debbie Wasserman Schultz got hacked. There s so much more to come on this Stuart, it s an incredible story. I think it s amazing!Chiefs of staff for dozens of Democratic lawmakers who employed the four were informed last week that a criminal probe was underway into their use of congressional information technology systems, including the existence of an external server to which House data was being funneled, and into the theft of and overbilling for computer equipment.Their salaries and time were shared among dozens of Democratic members, including former Democratic National Committee Chairman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida.Chiefs of staff for dozens of Democratic lawmakers who employed the four were informed last week that a criminal probe was underway into their use of congressional information technology systems, including the existence of an external server to which House data was being funneled, and into the theft of and overbilling for computer equipment.Despite the generous salaries, the four were involved in multiple suspicious mortgage transfers and a debt-evading bankruptcy. Abid had more than $1 million in debts following a failed business called Cars International that he ran in Falls Church, Va., from November 2009 to September 2010. Business associates said in court documents that Abid had stolen money and vehicles from them.It s unclear how Abid found time to run an automotive business while working full-time for Congress. He had been on the congressional payroll since 2005. A congressional credit union repossessed two of his personal cars before the business folded.Abid filed for bankruptcy in 2012, but somehow managed to keep ownership of two houses while telling the bankruptcy court and creditors that he had no assets with which to pay them. He signed a sworn statement that he and his wife, Natalia Soba, were living apart and needed separate residences. My spouse and I are legally separated under applicable non-bankruptcy law or my spouse and I are living apart other than for the purpose of evading the requirements of   707(b)(2)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code,  Abid claimed in bankruptcy documents. But both houses had been in the family for years.Abid s record includes numerous driving- and alcohol-related legal problems, including driving with a suspended or revoked license, court records show. He was found guilty of drunk driving a month before he started at the House, and was arrested for public intoxication a month after his first day.A spokesman for Rep. Joaquin Castro of Texas told TheDCNF Friday that Jamal s  employment with our office has been terminated. Hilarie Chambers, a spokeswoman for Rep. Sandy Levin   who employed Abid   told TheDCNF that  after being notified by the House Administration Committee, this individual was removed from our payroll. We are confident that everything in our office is secure. Not every Democrat is willing to terminate their connection with these four:Some Democrats have not terminated their connection with the four, including Wasserman Schultz, who employs Imran and who resigned from her DNC post last year after a computer hack revealed embarassing emails. Derrick Robinson, spokesman for California Rep. Karen Bass, refused to comment on Alvi s employment status.For entire story: Daily Caller",0
16010,MEDALS OF VALOR: President Trump Honored Agents and Officers Who Took Down Gunman at GOP Baseball Practice Shooting [Video],"It s great to have a president who appreciates our special agents and police officers! Trump honored the police officers and special agents who took down the lunatic who shot Steve Scalise last month during a baseball practice for a charity game:Remember the horrible day that the lunatic opened fire trying to kill Republicans?Here s our report on the shooting:Rep. Steve Scalise was shot Wednesday morning in Alexandria, Virginia, in a  deliberate attack.  A congressional staffer was also shot. Scalise is in surgery right now and is expected to recover.Rand Paul said Scalise being there likely saved everyone because his presence meant Capitol Police were there.Scalise, a member of the House Republican leadership as the majority whip, appeared to have been shot in the hip and it appeared two Capitol Hill police agents were shot, according to Rep. Mo Brooks who was on deck when the shooting occurred. The shooting took place at a practice for the GOP congressional baseball team.NBC News Special Report: Congressman Scalise, aides shot at baseball practice in Virginia https://t.co/KD9i1iP9MZ  Jason Calabretta (@JasonCalabretta) June 14, 2017In a statement, Texas Rep. Roger Williams, one of the team s coaches, said one of his staff members was shot during the incident and is receiving medical attention. There was no information on the staffer s injuries.According to both congressional and law enforcement sources, the shooting appears to be a  deliberate attack. Two law enforcement sources say the suspect  is in police custody, has been taken to a hospital.Lawmakers who spoke at the scene to reporters described a normal morning practice, at a field where they ve practiced for years, when all of a sudden shots rang out. Lawmakers, staff members and even the young son of one of the members ran for cover, jumping into dugouts and over fences to avoid the gunshots.Congressmen in attendance described  an injured Scalise dragging himself roughly 15 yards away from second base and lying there until the shooter was shot. The Congressmen then ran to help him. Once they were able, Sen. Jeff Flake said he and Rep. Brad Wenstrup, who is a physician, went out to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to the wound. Nobody would have survived without the Capitol Hill police. It would have been a massacre without them.  -Rand Paul  We had nothing but baseball bats to fight back against a rifle with.    Congressman Mo BrooksArizona Sen. Jeff Flake added that he saw a member of Scalise s security detail return fire on the gunman for what felt like 10 minutes, even though the police officer was wounded in the leg.  50 shots would be an understatement, I m quite sure,  Flake said when asked about the total amount of gunfire, including police returning fire. Flake said two members of Scalise s security detail were wounded, and another man was wounded in the chest. Brooks said the shooter appeared to be a white male but added that  I saw him for a second or two.  He said the shooter was behind the third base dugout and didn t say anything.  The gun was a semiautomatic,  Brooks said, adding that he was sure it was a rifle but unsure what kind.  It continued to fire at different people. You can imagine, all the people on the field scatter. It s come to this How will we bring America together if the Democrats keep fanning the flames of division?Read More: FOX News",0
16011,BUILD THE WALL! House Voted on Funding Trump’s Wall in Partisan Vote,"Yes, this will happen! America needs a wall at our southern border and the House just passed a spending measure that funds a portion of Trump s wall!The House passed a spending measure Thursday that includes funding for a portion of President Donald Trump s border wall with a vote largely along party lines.The funding was included as a part of a  minibus,  which packaged together four appropriations bills aimed at funding the Department of Defense, the Department of Veterans Affairs, the Department of Energy, water projects and the legislative branch. The lower chamber opted to group the  must-pass  appropriations measures together due to leadership s lack of votes to pass an all-encompassing omnibus.Building the structure has been a top priority for the president, who placed a strong emphasis on the proposal during the course of the campaign.Democrats have met the border wall proposal with strong opposition, feeling that the project will be expensive and ineffective.Read more: Daily Caller",0
16012,MUSLIM TEENS ATTACK CROWD for Being White “Non Muslims”: “Why aren’t you a Muslim?”,"The trend of young Muslim men targeting and attacking white non-Muslims continues world wide. A group of three Muslim men attacked strangers at the Liverpool city center because they were white  non-Muslims.  One witness feared the men were ISIS terrorists because they were using  racist language, talking about Muslims and Christians. A very similar occurrence took place in one of Minneapolis  more upscale neighborhoods last year when a mob of up to 30 young Somali men marched through the streets yelling disparaging comments and threatening homeowners:Somalis living in Minneapolis are almost all Sunni Muslims. Residents of the Lake Calhoun area say this wasn t the first time a group of Somali men have made an intimidating march through their neighborhood, which is filled with million-dollar homes.They first approached victim Gary Bohanna inquiring what religion he was affiliated with. When Bohanna answered I m a Christian,  the attacker shouted  Why aren t you a Muslim?  before punching him twice. The three men then approached Paul Lynch, Labour councillor for Moss Bank, and his girlfriend. One of the men punched Mr. Lynch with a  sickening blow  that could be  seen and heard.  He did not utter any racist comments, but the attackers laughed as the victim fell. Both men were taken to the hospital for their injuries.Witness Edris Nosrati called police but one of the men tried to flee, so the witness chased and caught him. The teenager struck Mr. Nosrati, but the hero held on. When questioned by police, one of the men claimed he was too intoxicated to remember anything. Another denied the assaults and suggested they had been racially abused by other men. However, he later confessed to  targeting people because they were white and non-Muslim. The Counter Terrorism Unit became involved in the investigation and the mens  family homes were turned upside down by the police. Amin Mohmed cried in court as he was jailed for 42 weeks. Mohammed and Faruq Patel received 42 and 18 weeks respectively in a young offenders institution.Read more: The Echo ",0
16013,NANCY PELOSI Connected to DNC Staffer Charged With Bank Fraud After Trying to Flee the US,"The shocking revelations just keep on coming in this DNC IT case. The main stream media refuses to jump in on this hot story because it leads to damaging information against the Democrats. Several Muslim Brotherhood connected people worked for the DNC and had access to the sensitive information from Congress:It appears the IT staffer had access to Rep. Pelosi s iPad:Wikileaks has released the email below where it looks like Imran has access to Nancy Pelosi s iPad! Pelosi is doing closed door meeting. No staff or anyone allowed. Kaitlyn come to Rayburn room and get her iPad for Imran. Thanks.Tracie and Kate I will call Kate. Conf in TracieRosalyn Kumar Rep. Wasserman SchultzThe bottom line in this case is that red flags were everywhere so why hasn t anyone blown this case wide open?Some things stand out that should be looked at:Awan smashed his hard drives in an effort to destroy them.Awan and his relatives were paid large amounts of money ($4 million) over a decade but they declared bankruptcy in 2012.Awan and his brothers are connected to the Muslim BrotherhoodDebbie Wasserman Schultz threatened the Capitol Police  by saying there would be  consequences  if they didn t give a computer back that was being kept as part of the investigation:Fraud Charge: Awan is accused of attempting to defraud the Congressional Federal Credit Union by obtaining a $165,000 home equity loan for a rental property, which is against the credit union s policies since it is not the owner s primary residence. Those funds were then included as part of a wire transfer to two individuals in Faisalabad, Pakistan.Awan s family had already fled the country with no intention of coming back: Awan was arrested at Dulles Airport on Monday evening before boarding a flight to Lahore, Pakistan. His wife, Hina Alvi, has already left the country for Pakistan along with their children. Federal agents do not believe Alvi has any intention of returning to the U.S., according to a court document. ",0
16014,BREAKING: DNC HACKER FIRED For Bank Fraud…Blames Islamophobia and “Ultra Right-Wing Media”,"Apparently breaking the law and scamming the government is excusable if you can conveniently blame discrimination. And when the media is ignoring your illegal activity, who s stopping you from getting away with anything? After being detained for bank fraud charges on Monday, Imran Awan s attorney recently released a statement blaming islamophobia and the  ultra right-wing media :This Pakistani family was under criminal investigation by the U.S. Capitol Police for abusing their access to the House of Representatives information technology (IT) system. Abid, Imran and Jamal Awan accessed Congressmen and Congress people s computer networks unauthorized and engaged in a myriad of other questionable schemes besides allegedly placing  ghost employees  on the congressional payroll.Capitol Police revoked the Awans  access to the congressional IT system in February 2017 after a major data breach was detected. Their access had allowed them to read emails and files of dozens of members, including many serving on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Committee on Foreign Affairs.Imran Awan, his wife Hina, and brothers Abid and Jamal collectively netted more than $4 million in salary as IT administrators for House Democrats between 2009 and 2017. Yet the absence of signs of wealth displayed among them raise questions. Was the money sent overseas or did something other than paychecks motivate their actions? Both Imran and his wife were traveling to Pakistan earlier this week carrying $12,000. However, Imran was arrested before he could board the plane.Today, Awan s attorney released a statement claiming the attacks on Mr. Awan and his family began as part of a frenzy of anti-Muslim bigotry in the literal heart of our democracy, the House of Representatives.  He goes on by saying that they have had utterly unsupported, outlandish, and slanderous statements targeting Mr. Awan coming not just from the ultra-right-wing  pizzagate  media but from sitting members of Congress.  The attorney claims the couple were traveling to see their family for the first time in months after being  abruptly and unjustly fired. Read more: The Gateway Pundit",0
16015,PRIVACY ALERT: YOUR VACUUM CLEANER IS SPYING ON YOU…No Consent Required to Share Your Data,"A fly on the wall? More like a spy on the floor of your home. It turns out that your dog isn t the only one who should be weary of your Roomba. This popular home cleaning device has been mapping homes using a camera and sensors since 2015 in order to maximize efficiency. However, they plan to sell this data to smart home device manufacturers such as Google, Amazon and Apple, the company said Tuesday.While it may seem like the information being gathered is minimal and harmless, there is a lot to be said for the maps each device is collecting. It knows the floor plan of your home, the basic shape of everything on your floor, what areas require the most maintenance, and how often you require cleaning cycles, along with many other data points.If this doesn t make you suspicious, it probably should. This is all part of the larger mission for major companies to glean every bit of data about you that they can. Now, they want to know all about your living space. iRobot CEO Colin Angle stated that user data won t be sold without permission and he thinks most people will want to take advantage of the greater functionality.In actuality, their terms of agreement allow the company enough freedom to share your data internally, with subsidiaries, third party vendors, and the government upon request. A section within their terms of agreement specifically states that they may  share your personal information with other parties in connection with any company transaction, such as a merger, sale of all or a portion of company assets or shares In summary, they do not need your consent if iRobot wanted to sell its user data in bulk. Unless you want the details about your home and family in the hands of third parties without your knowledge, think twice next time you are shopping for a new cleaning device.Read more: New York Post, Gizmodo",0
16016,AWESOME! WHAT HAPPENED After City Council Member Said Trump Supporters ‘Have No Business’ in Charlotte Government Will Make Your Day!,"You would think Charlotte is lost to the liberals There are lefty Democrats living there who don t understand that they don t get to decide who is involved in local government THE VOTERS DO! Dimple Ajmera decided to characterize President Trump as divisive but it s ironic that SHE is the one who s dividing people. After her nasty remarks about Trump, the Trump supporters filled the next City Council meeting in protest. Awesome! Charlotte City Council member Dimple Ajmera drew the ire of the local Republican Party after she said that Republicans who support Trump should not be involved in local government:DANGEROUS RHETORIC: Republicans that are supporting Trump, they should have no place on city council whatsoever or in the mayor s race,  Ajmera said on the news show Flashpoint on WCNC, which aired Sunday.Ajmera, a Democrat, was appointed to the council in January to replace John Autry, who left council to join the N.C. General Assembly. Ajmera is running for one of four at-large seats this fall.Ajmera stood by her comments Tuesday. Charlotte rejected Trump in the 2016 elections,  she said.  So people are upset by what he represents. He values divisiveness. We can t let that divide us as we tackle important issues like economic mobility and as we address the issues of last September. Half of those attending Monday s City Council meeting carried  Trump-Pence  signs, and waved small American flags.The two sides re-fought the 2016 presidential election after City Council member Dimple Ajmera said on a television show last week that Trump voters shouldn t be on City Council or in the mayor s race   controversial comments that she has backed repeatedly.Her campaign manager, Dan McCorkle, attended the meeting, waving his own pro-Ajmera signs. McCorkle told Trump supporters that Hillary Clinton received more than 70 percent of the vote in the city of Charlotte.LIBERAL BUZZWORDS WE VE COME TO EXPECT:Sebastian Feculak spoke at the council s public forum. I wanted to applaud Dimple for standing up for equity and unity,  he said.  You are welcome here no matter what. Our politics are not for xenophopia, racism or sexism. If the Republican Party won t hold them accountable, I m glad our leaders will. VIA: CHARLOTTE OBSERVER ",0
16017,"AS ANGRY FAR LEFT PROTESTERS Scream ‘Kill the Bill’, Senator John McCain Returns to Deliver Stunning Speech [Video]","The left is truly becoming unhinged! The tension is high and the stakes are even higher in Washington as the Senate goes forward with debate on a bill to repeal Obamacare. While the US Senate voted today to open debate on the Obamacare bill, screams from far left protestors erupted from the Senate gallery. This far left mob chanted phrases such as  Kill the Bill,   Don t Kill Us,  and  Shame. The protesters interrupted the proceedings before the calling of the roll for nearly two minutes. It then took several minutes for the Sergeant of Arms and federal officers to remove the group of far left protestors. Many official Congressional votes require the gallery visitors to be given passes by legislators. It is highly likely that Democratic legislators gave these protestors access to the gallery.The emotional return of Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., to the Senate for the vote, after he was recently diagnosed with brain cancer is sure to put more pressure on nervous Republicans who have been opposed or reluctant to commit to support the Republican plan.John McCain:  I hope again we can rely on humility on our need to cooperate, on our dependence on each other, to learn how to trust each other again, and by so doing better serve the people who elected us. Stop listening to the bombastic loudmouths on the radio, television and the internet. To hell with them! Despite uncertainty, the administration is predicting victory. Vice President Mike Pence s top legislative affairs aide, Marc Short, stated Tuesday morning on Fox Business News that, whether [McCain] is the 50th or the 51st vote, we re excited to have him back. Read more: The Washington Free Beacon",0
16018,HOT MIC: REPUBLICAN SENATOR CALLS CONGRESSMAN Who Challenged Her to a Duel ‘Fat’ and ‘Unattractive’ in Hot-Mic Moment…as Democratic Friend Says She Could ‘Beat the Sh*t Out of’ Her Aggressor [Audio},"IT S BAD ENOUGH THAT DEMOCRAT SENATORS are speaking this way but RINO Susan Collins didn t even defend her fellow Senator! She took it to a new low. You can hear the harsh comments at the 1:30 point:Sen. Jack Reed (D., R.I.) was caught on a hot mic telling Sen. Susan Collins (R., Maine) on Tuesday that she could  beat the shit out of   a Republican congressman who had criticized her and other female Republican senators who were hampering Obamacare repeal efforts.The two senators were at the markup of the Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2018 discussing multiple issues among themselves when Reed skewered Rep. Blake Farenthold (R., Texas).Farenthold said in an interview last Friday that he might settle Republican opposition to health care efforts  Aaron Burr-style  if the senators were men from his home state of Texas, according to CNN.Reed said that there were some  crazy people  in the House, which prompted Collins to ask him whether he had heard of Farenthold s remarks. The comment appeared to be a reference to the 1804 duel between Aaron Burr and Alexander Hamilton, which resulted in Hamilton s death. I know, trust me. You know why he challenged you to a duel? Because you could beat the shit out of him,  Reed said. He s huge! He s so unattractive, it s unbelievable COLLINS WOULD BE A DEMOCRAT IN ANY OTHER STATE! WE RE HOPING SHE S DEFEATED NEXT TIME AROUND!",0
16019,MASSACHUSETTS VOTES TO IGNORE FED LAW and Let Illegals Go…This Sanctuary State Endangers All Americans!,"MASSACHUSETTS IS NOW A SANCTUARY STATE! The Massachusetts Supreme Court just ruled that illegals are to be released and not held under federal law. This puts all Americans at risk! Tucker Carlson previously interviewed a State Rep. who supports subverting federal law. Please listen to the skewed reasoning for not following federal law:In a ruling hailed by civil liberties advocates that ends a longstanding immigration enforcement practice, the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court declared Monday that current state law  provides no authority for Massachusetts court officers to arrest and hold an individual solely on the basis of a Federal civil immigration detainer, beyond the time that the individual would otherwise be entitled to be released from State custody. State Representative James Lyons, an Andover Republican, said he is working with Republican Representatives Marc Lombardo of Billerica, and Shaunna O Connell of Taunton to gather co-sponsors on a bill he plans to file Tuesday or Wednesday. Lyons said the bill would be  straightforward,  giving Massachusetts police and court officers the power to arrest someone on a civil immigration warrant.  People are concerned about the rule of law,  Lyons told the News Service. Asked about how he thought the bill would fare in the Democrat-controlled Legislature, Lyons said,  Beacon Hill, I can t predict what s going on up there.  While the high court ruling focused on court officers, advocates said the opinion prohibits any state official from keeping someone jailed solely at the request of Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).  Going forward, nobody in Massachusetts should be held on an immigration detainer unless the Legislature were to attempt to change that,  said Emma Winger, Immigration Impact Unit staff attorney for the Committee on Public Counsel Services, who argued the case before the Supreme Judicial Court in April. It applies to anybody with arrest authority,  said Laura Rotolo, staff attorney at the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts. Rotolo said that while many jurisdictions have limited their cooperation with ICE, the SJC is the first state high court to rule against ICE detainers.Bristol County Sheriff Thomas Hodgson said the decision will make people more vulnerable to crime in Massachusetts.  I wouldn t say it makes Massachusetts a sanctuary state. I think it makes Massachusetts more vulnerable   the people who live here and people who visit here   more vulnerable to become victims of crime, and also a further message to people throughout the country who are here illegally that we re the place you want to come,  Hodgson said.Read more: New Boston Post",0
16020,THE DEEP STATE SPEAKS: Clapper and Brennan Threaten Trump During Aspen Institute’s Lefty Gaggle [Video],"Nice threat to POTUS:  The intelligence community will continue to convey truth to power even if power doesn t necessarily listen.  This entire video is disturbing but eye opening. THEY FEEL THREATENED BY TRUMP and this is clearly an effort to hurt President Trump. This coming from two men who ok d spying on Americans and who lied under oath:How convenient that CNN s Wolf Blitzer is the host for this bashfest of the current administration under President Trump. How ironic is it that two men who lied under oath are speaking  truth  to power FYI: John Brennan literally voted for the Communist party in the 1970s during the height of the Cold War now they re lecturing us about Russia.These two men define the deep state This talk was really all about creating doubt on Trump and to defend themselves post Obama. Can you imagine if the tables were turned and this vitriol was directed at Obama? Shameful!All you have to do is listen to Clapper lie before Congress and you know he has ZERO credibility to speak:Remember the famous moment when US NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE CHIEF James Clapper was testifying about the NSA surveillance of Americans when he let slip a sign he was not being truthful. Of course, we knew this was all a smoke and mirrors show. Clapper later said he  misspoke last we checked it s pretty much the same thing as lying NOT WITTINGLY    JAMES CLAPPERHere s the video below where he parses words in his testimony: REMEMBER WHAT CLAPPER SAID RECENTLY ABOUT TRUMP:Former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper says the United States  political institutions are currently  under assault  both externally and internally, in the wake of President Donald Trump s firing of ex-FBI Director James Comey. The developments of the past week are very bothersome, very disturbing to me,  Clapper said on CNN s  State of the Union  on Sunday. I think in many ways our institutions are under assault, both externally   and that s the big news here, the Russian interference in our election system   and I think as well, our institutions are under assault internally, When asked if he meant if those institutions were  under assault  internally by the president himself, Clapper said  exactly  and added that he believed Trump was undermining the checks and balances inherent to the U.S. political system.",0
16021,"SCARAMUCCI ON WH LEAKS: “If you’re going to keep leaking, I’m going to fire everybody.” [VIDEO]","It s about time! The White House has been leaking like a sieve. New White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci flatly said Sunday that he as going to fire all future leakers on his watch: We re as strong as our weakest leak A smug John Dickerson asked Scaramucci why President Donald Trump had tweeted a day earlier about his ability to grant pardons. Scaramucci said the leaks of that conversation and other leaks were  unprofessional,   injurious to the government,  and possibly  felonious. He s done absolutely nothing wrong. There s no need for him to pardon anybody,  Scaramucci said.  But he just doesn t like the fact that he has a two-minute conversation in the Oval Office or in his study, and then people are running out and leaking that. What happens to leakers on your watch?  Dickerson asked. They re going to get fired,  Scaramucci said.Scaramucci said he would hold a staff meeting on Monday and make it clear that anyone who wants to stay on will not leak private conversations to the press. We re as strong as our weakest leak,  he said.  So if you guys want to keep leaking, why don t you guys all get together and make a decision as a team that you re going to stop leaking. But if you re going to keep leaking, I m going to fire everybody. ",0
16022,NED RYUN ON WHITE HOUSE LEAKS: “This is not whistleblowing. This is weaponizing classified info to undermine a duly-elected President” [Video],This is spot on! Ned Ryun joined Tucker Carlson to discuss the latest leak regarding AG Jeff Sessions. Do we even have evidence that the source is in fact telling the truth? WaPo went ahead and reported it anyway. Ryun s right when he discusses the Deep State and Mueller subverting the will of the American voter:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-s8sCWnogt4This is dangerous territory and is so harmful to our president and his agenda. Tucker Carlson had more to say on this:  What are these transactions? Basically any commercial activity that Trump or his family and associates conducted over the last decade that might pertain to Russia or anyone who has ever lived in Russia. Let s be clear about the politics here. This is a massive threat to the White House. A determined prosecutor can prove almost anything he wants. A prosecutor with no time limit or budget or accountability to voters? There is nobody more dangerous than that. The investigation has been slammed by very reputable lawyers who happen to be Democrats! This needs to end ASAP!,0
16023,CLEAR DISCRIMINATION: SNAP Still Gives Preference to Illegals Over American Citizens,"THE CENTER FOR IMMIGRATION STUDIES is a great resource for all the facts on illegals and taxpayer dollars. Patty and I were lucky enough to attend a two-day workshop with them in DC. The main fact that stuck with us is that the current immigration system is UNSUSTAINABLE They used facts and figures to lay out the truth for us and it was frightening! This is why it is even more frightening that the feds are STILL giving preferential treatment to illegals when it comes to SNAP.CIS s David North gives us the low down:It s been six months since Donald Trump took office, and some families with illegal aliens get food stamps (the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP) while identical all-citizen families of the same size and with the same income do not receive them.This is not a question of treating illegal aliens like other residents of this country, it is clear-cut discrimination against citizens and in favor of illegals.This long-standing (and peculiar) arrangement is the sort of thing that one would expect to be corrected by the third, if not the first, month of a new get-tough-on-illegal-immigration administration, such as that of the campaigning Donald Trump.I checked with the Department of Agriculture s Food and Nutrition Service this week, the $110 billion-a-year agency that runs food stamps and some other nutrition programs.Two questions were on my mind: 1) does the food stamp program still, under a particular set of circumstances, operate with this anti-citizen bias, and 2) has the Trump administration made an appointment of one or more outsiders to help run the agency?The answer to the second question came quickly: No, but there is a civil servant running the program on an acting basis who was placed in that job by the White House. Does an agency have to have a budget of, say, $200 billion a year before the administration notices its existence?It took a little longer to get the answer to the first question, because the nature of the discrimination is subtle and a lot of professionals in the welfare business do not want to make the distinction between legal and illegal residents of this country.Here s how the system works: Illegal aliens are not allocated food stamps, but if the family is mixed, with some citizens and some illegals, the mixed family still gets some benefits. States are allowed, to some extent, to pick and choose among benefit-determination methods. Most states have chosen a technique that does not record some of the earnings of illegal aliens, while always recording all the income of citizens.Let s look at the system as applied to two similar families who live in adjacent houses; both have incomes of $2,400 a month, both have the same assets, both families consist of a working male, his stay-at-home spouse, and their stay-at-home toddler. The only difference is that one of the men is a native-born citizen and the other is an illegal alien. Everyone else in the two households is a citizen.OK, so far. Now let s walk through Alice s special mirror, and see how the government handles the situation. It sees the three-citizen family as three people and says that $2,400 a month is too high an income for food stamps. It looks at the other family and sees it as a two-member family, because the man is an illegal, and then   here s the key   the government decides that only two-thirds of the family income should be counted, and that $1,600 is not too high for a family of two, hence the family with the illegal alien in it gets food stamps and the other family does not.There are bands of income in which this situation plays out with different sized families, giving benefits to some mixed families, and denying them to all-citizen families of the same size and with the same income. For more on these strange arrangements, see the CIS report  An Aid Program that Routinely Discriminates in Favor of Ineligible Aliens .That s the way it was under Obama, and after I explained the (admittedly bizarre) matter to the Food and Nutrition Service publicist, she told me that it remains that way under Trump.This story is symptomatic of two larger realities. Both the Obama and Trump administrations managed to conduct big immigration operations to their own liking; think of DACA with Obama, and, under Trump, the way that enforcement people were given the freedom to do their jobs.But Obama was much more successful in the minutia of immigration policy than Trump; for years I wrote about this little move to admit a small class of migrants, or that little move that prevented another subclass from being deported. We are not seeing that, or maybe not yet, with the Trump administration. You can t change policy, at least at the retail level, without people to write and push the new policies.So an unknown but substantial number of mixed (illegals plus citizens) families are getting food stamps when equally poor neighbors, who happen to be in all-citizen families, go hungry.Read more and please check out the CIS websiteJESSICA VAUGHAN OF CIS DISCUSSES EXPEDITED REMOVAL OF ILLEGALS UNDER THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION:Please use this website as a resource for facts when it comes to immigration!",0
16024,TRUMP: “Let Obamacare fail… I’m not going to own it.”,"In an  impromptu  White House presser during President Trump s lunch with Vice President Pence, Trump drove home how  disappointed  he is about health care:  Let Obamacare fail, it will be a lot easier. And I think we re probably in that position where we ll just let Obamacare fail. We re not going to own it. I m not going to own it. I can tell you the Republicans are not going to own it. We ll let Obamacare fail and then the Democrats are going to come to us.  Why it matters: Trump is acknowledging defeat and now, rather than support Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell s push to repeal with out a replacement bill, he s decided to let Barack Obama s Affordable Care Act remain the law of the land. fast forward and McConnell s straight repeal plan collapses with 3  no votes.  The three no votes came from three women who should really be in the D column: By Tuesday afternoon, three Republican senators   all women   had come out against Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell s plan to push a vote on a clean Obamacare repeal bill   enough to sink it altogether. Sens. Susan Collins (R-ME), Shelley Moore Capito (R-WV), and Lisa Murkowski (R-AK) confirmed they would not vote for a repeal bill that delayed enacting the policy by two years.Susan Collins needs to go!President Trump also said he was  surprised  when Senators Moran and Lee came out as  No s  last night.  We thought they were in fairly good shape. For 7 years I ve been hearing repeal and replace  and when we finally get a chance to repeal and replace, we can t. We are winning the war on the border, we re decimating ISIS  we ve had a lot of victories but we haven t had a victory on health care. I m very disappointed. Once the Affordable Care Act fails, then everyone needs to  come together and fix it,  said Trump. Democrats have no ideas. They have no thought process. All they want to do is obstruct government and obstruct period. Obamacare isn t failing, it s failed. It s gone. ",0
16025,PRESIDENT Promotes Made in America: Omaha Steaks Owner “Wanted to Kiss Me” for Reopening Trade with China [Video],"President Trump was sporting a Commemorative Stetson hat today when he introduced the  Made in America  week starting with Omaha Steaks. He has a great one-liner  in the video below this one about opening the beef trade again with China:  The gentleman who was in charge of Omaha Beef. They do beef. He hugged me and he wanted to kiss me so badly. OPENING REMARKS:President Trump says Omaha Steaks CEO  wanted to kiss me so badly  for opening beef trade in China https://t.co/LQEanwTWY8  NBC Politics (@NBCPolitics) July 17, 2017President Trump admiring a Made in America baseball bat:President Trump admires a baseball bat during  Made in America  event:  It s so beautiful   I love to play baseball  https://t.co/zvYjE7EG1e  NBC Politics (@NBCPolitics) July 17, 2017President Trump mentioned Senator John McCain: We hope John McCain gets better very soon. We miss him. He s a crusty voice in Washington, plus we need his vote.  https://t.co/ZSpibzJlG2  NBC News (@NBCNews) July 17, 2017",0
16026,BOOM! HARVARD LAW DEMOCRAT ALAN DERSHOWITZ Destroys The Left’s “Unconstitutional” Argument Against Donald Trump Jr. [Video],"Democrat Alan Dershowitz dismissed a major argument Democrats have been making against Donald Trump Jr., and said it s clearly  unconstitutional . This brilliant Harvard Law professor is a Democrat who is FED UP with the left s constant Russia mantra! He knows there s nothing there and tells Judge Jeanine:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YjqxLE6thZIDemocrats have been arguing that laws stop campaigns from receiving anything of  value  from foreign entities, and have said  that items of  value  can also be information.That s their reasoning for why they think Trump s campaign violated election laws when Donald Trump Jr. met with a Russian lawyer who said she had dirt on Hillary Clinton.Not so fast! Harvard Law s Alan Dershowitz told Judge Jeanine that campaign finance laws have never been prosecuted that way and that using the law to prosecute people who obtain information from non-U.S. sources would violate the First Amendment: Under the campaign finance laws, I mean, there is a claim that if you get something of value, and they re alleging that information  from a foreign national could be, you know, stretched out to mean, you know, words. Judge Jeanine asked  Is that something that s ever been prosecuted? Dershowitz replied:  Of course not, and if it were to be prosecuted, the First Amendment would trump. A candidate has a right to get information from whatever source the information comes. Dershowitz then made the key point that just as newspapers are free to print any information they obtain from others, even when the source obtains it illegally, candidates for office have the same right to get information anywhere they want.He also stressed again there is no legal precedent to treat information as money under U.S. campaign finance laws: You can t include information under the campaign finance law. That would be unconstitutional. These are very key points that the press refuses to make clear for people   Have you heard this anywhere? Note that this is coming from a DEMOCRAT who was a Hillary Clinton supporter! Please pass on to anyone who  has been listening to the hysteria from the lefty media and even FOX News! Read more: WE",0
16027,JPMORGAN CEO Blows Up at the DC Dysfunction: Tired of Listening to the ‘Stupid Sh*t’ [Video],"JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon went on a rant about the dysfunction in DC during the company s earnings conference call Friday: The U.S. has become  one of the most bureaucratic, confusing, litigious societies on the planet Dimon had been considered for a position in President Trump s cabinet. He s been an adviser to Trump too. While there are some things Dimon clearly disagrees with the president on, they are able to work together: He is the President of the United States. I believe he is the pilot flying our airplane,  Dimon said,  I would try to help any President of the United States because I m a patriot. During the bank s annual meeting in May, 2016, Dimon reportedly commented on what he thinks the government should work on:Dimon emphasized the areas he believes are in serious need of fixing, including education, infrastructure, and tax reform. Our corporate tax system is driving capital and brains overseas and excessive regulation is reducing growth and business formation particularly for small businesses. THE STUPID SH*T WE HAVE TO DEAL WITH IN THIS COUNTRY It s almost embarrassment to be an American citizen traveling around the world and listening to the stupid s  we have to deal with in this country,  Dimon said in response to an analyst question. Since the Great Recession, which is now 8 years old, we ve been growing at 1.5 to 2 percent in spite of stupidity and political gridlock, because the American business sector is powerful and strong,  he said.  What I m saying is that it would be much stronger growth if there were more intelligent decisions and less gridlock. The executive of the U.S. banking giant cited travels to countries such as France, Argentina, Israel and Ireland. The U.S. has become  one of the most bureaucratic, confusing, litigious societies on the planet  and  it s hurting the average American that we don t have these right policies,  he said.JPMorgan Chase reported earnings that handily beat Wall Street estimates Friday. However, the bank lowered its forecast for lending revenue.DC has been in gridlock over the health care bill, which is holding up the passage of new legislation on tax reform. The Senate cut short its August recess by two weeks in order to deal with health care. There are about a dozen Senators opposed to the current bill citing the possibility that this new health care bill is  Obamacare lite . Senator Rand Paul has voiced strong opposition to this new bill.Here s the transcript from Dimon:Since the Great Recession which is now eight years old we ve been growing at 1.5 to 2% despite the stupidity and political gridlock. Because the American business sector is powerful and strong and is going to grow regardless of they went to feed their kids and want to buy home they want to do things the same as American businesses what I m saying is it would be much stronger growth had we made intelligent decisions and that gridlock, and thank you for pointing it out because I m going to be a broken record until this gets done, we are unable to build bridges, unable to build airports, not graduating.I was just in France, in Argentina, Israel, Ireland we met with the Prime Minister of India and China it s amazing to me that every single one of those countries understands that practical policies to promote business growth is good for the average citizens of those countries for jobs and wages and somehow this great American free enterprise system we no longer get it.My view is corporate taxation is critical to that by the way regarding capital brings overseas, which is why the $2 trillion overseas benefiting all these other countries don t like that, so if we don t get our act together we can still grow. It s just unfortunate but it s hurting us, it s hurting the body politic, it s hurting the average American that we don t have these right policies. So no in spite of gridlock we will grow at 1   or 2%.I don t buy the argument that we are relegated to this effort. We are not this administration can make breakthroughs in taxes and infrastructure ready for reform we have become one of the most bureaucratic confusing litigious societies on the planet it s almost an embarrassment be an American citizen traveling around the world and listening to the stupid s  we have to deal with in this country and at one point we have to get our act together. We won t do what were supposed to for the average Americans and unfortunately people write about this like corporations is not corporations competitive taxes are important for business and business growth which is important to jobs in wage growth and we should be making that along to every single one of you every time you talk to a client.VIA: CNBC",0
16028,"BROOKLYN MOTHER OF THREE Doesn’t Work Because She’s “Proudly Raping The Government”…No, She’s Raping The Taxpayers!","LANGUAGE ALERT: Welfare Queen: Get out of here, b*tch. F*ck the government. F*ck Trump. I m gonna rape that sh*t sitting on my a$$  Guess what? This b*tch is doing better than you, b*tch. You re on your feet all day b*tch. All day  Get the f*ck out of here. You go and work. I ll sit on my a$$ while you go and work. THIS WOMAN SHOULD BE TOSSED IN JAIL  The hardworking American taxpayers are supporting this horrible woman. If Trump does anything at all, he should crack down on the freebies given to people like this. A single woman can make more money by just sitting around han she can if she works! There s something wrong with the system and it needs to be fixed pronto!The government has incentivized having children because these single mothers get more government money per child. We ve looked at the state of New York and here s what we found:FINANCIAL HELP FOR SINGLE MOTHERS IN NY STATE: NY FAMILY ASSISTANCE   CASH PAYMENT OF $789 PER MONTHFOOD STAMPS   UP TO $1200 A MONTH DEPENDING ON NUMBER IN FAMILYMEDICAID AND CHILD HEALTH PLUSWIC   ANOTHER FOOD PROGRAMCHILD AND AUDLT FOOD CARE PROGRAM   PROVIDES MEALS FOR KIDS IN DAYCARESUBSIDIZED CHILD CARE- FREE OR LOW-COST CHILDCAREFREE PRE-K PROGRAMSECTION 8 HOUSINGUNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE FOR 26 WEEKSTUITION ASSISTANCE UP TO $5,000That about covers it most states provide these freebies. Is it any wonder people are cradle to grave on  assistance ? The government has made this a crutch but at whose expense? If you guessed the taxpayers, you d be right! The culture surrounding these freebies makes people feel entitled to them. Why not? They don t even think about you or your sacrifices it s a sick dependency that needs to end. Welfare reform NOW!",0
16029,TRUMP EXPOSES OBAMA’S INCOMPETENCE: Cuts EPA Budget…Still Fixes Flint’s Water Crisis,"Although Obama had 3 years to take action to fix the Flint water problem, President Donald Trump has managed to do it in 2 months. The EPA has just issued a $100 million grant to the city of Flint, Michigan to replace the city s corroded and lead-polluted pipes.Critics of President Trump have lambasted him for his proposed budget cuts at the Environmental Protection Agency, saying the cuts are proof that he doesn t care about the environment.EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt released a statement saying,  The people of Flint and all Americans deserve a more responsive federal government  EPA will especially focus on helping Michigan improve Flint s water infrastructure as part of our larger goal of improving America s water infrastructure. Under authority granted the agency by the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act of 2016, the EPA just issued a $100 million grant to the beleaguered city of Flint, Michigan, to help in the effort at replacing the city s badly corroded and lead-tainted system of water pipes. We are excited and very grateful to receive these much-needed funds,  Flint Mayor Karen Weaver said.  The City of Flint being awarded a grant of this magnitude in such a critical time of need will be a huge benefit. The state of Michigan also contributed $20 million to match 20 percent of the grant. Meanwhile, CNN continues with their anti-Trump narrative and insists that President Trump had nothing to do with the grant and that it actually came from an action that former President Barack Obama and the prior Congress took in 2016. They are clearly blind to Trump s promise to fix the crumbling infrastructure of our country as soon as possible, something Obama never made a priority.CNN also obsessed over Trump s proposed 31 percent EPA budget cuts, failing to mention that the president had no intention of defunding programs to help improve the water system infrastructure.Despite the fact that Flint has been dealing with contaminated water for three years, Obama s EPA did not attempt to fix the problem. Now that Trump is in office, he is taking real action to make positive changes in the lives of Flint, MI citizens.Source: Conservative Tribune",0
16030,MARK STEYN ON CNN EXTORTION: Wolf Blitzer Has Put A Horse’s Head In Some Guy’s Bed,"Mark Steyn joined Tucker Carlson tonight to discuss the threat from CNN to the guy who made the video of President Trump wrestling with the CNN logo (see below)  Wolf Blitzer Has Put A Horse s Head In Some Guy s Bed    Mark SteynOUR PREVIOUS REPORTS ON THE CNN EXTORTION: The hosts of  New Day  dug a deeper hole for CNN on Wednesday when they said that the network would not identify the Reddit user behind the viral video of President Trump wrestling a man with CNN s logo imposed over his face because he apologized. CNN had previously written that it had decided not to publicly identify the man because he was a private citizen who showed remorse, but  reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change: THAT S BLACKMAIL!Sooo if this guy  behaves  according to CNN then they won t out him to the world Nice threat!In case you missed it   Here s our previous report on this viral video: CNN reported that they declined to expose a private citizen who made the WWE video of President Trump wrestling with a CNN logo if  the guy promises not to do it again: CNN reserves the right to publish his identity should any of that change.  This is blackmail right?#FraudNewsCNN #FNN pic.twitter.com/WYUnHjjUjg  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 2, 2017The hysterical video has been seen over 1 million times after it was tweeted out by President Trump. It was produced by a Reddit user who is private:Soon after the CNN statement, twitter was abuzz over the fact that CNN was extorting this private citizen:DONALD TRUMP JR RETWEETED THE THREAT:CONGRESSMAN SCOTT TAYLOR TWEETED OUT:@CNN U basically coerce apology & threaten release of identity if something changes? Pretty sure a line is crossed here. #CNNBlackmail https://t.co/k4W9AepP6W  Scott Taylor (@Scotttaylorva) July 5, 2017#CNNBLACKMAIL IS TRENDING WORLDIWIDE!What CNN thought was a gotcha moment turned putto backfire on them. It s being reported that the private Reddit user who made the WWE video is only 15-years old!",0
16031,MEDIA IGNORES! HOUSE DEM IT SUSPECTS Wanted Untraceable Payments…Then Millions Disappeared,"The media has ignored the case of Muslim Brotherhood connected brothers who hacked the DNC and now it s looking like they worked their magic to make millions disappear! They had access to the Congressional IT system! Can you believe that? Maria Bartiromo couldn t believe it when this first broke:A Pakistani family under criminal investigation by the U.S. Capitol Police (see our previous report below) for abusing their access to the House of Representatives information technology (IT) system may have engaged in myriad other questionable schemes besides allegedly placing  ghost employees  on the congressional payroll.Imran Awan, his wife Hina, and brothers Abid and Jamal collectively netted more than $4 million in salary as IT administrators for House Democrats between 2009 and 2017. Yet the absence of signs of wealth displayed among them raise questions such as was the money sent overseas or did something other than paychecks motivate their actions?Capitol Police revoked the Awans  access to the congressional IT system in February 2017 after a major data breach was detected. Their access had allowed them to read emails and files of dozens of members, including many serving on the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and the House Committee on Foreign Affairs.OUR PREVIOUS REPORT ON THIS   THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA IS IGNORING THE CRIMINALITY OF THESE BROTHERS:3 MUSLIM BROTHERS Working For Dems In Congress CAUGHT Accessing Unauthorized Top-Secret Government Intel One Has Criminal Background May Have Ties To Muslim Brotherhood [VIDEO]3 Congressional IT employees have been fired for accessing members computer networks without permission. Maria s on the show, knows more about this. Can you fill me in a bit.Here are their names Stuart. let me tell you what the 3 people that were fired on Thursday: Abid, Imran and Jamal Awan. They were barred from computer networks at the House of Representatives on Thursday because they accessed Congressmen and Congress people s computer networks unauthorized. At a minimum they were fired. At a minimum we know that they accessed computers unauthorized and they did so in foreign intelligence, foreign affairs and intelligence committees.  Okay? So they were getting very important information, government information. They accessed these computers. That is the least of it. There s also some talk that people are looking into what ties they have into terrorism. Are they impacted by the Muslim Brotherhood? Are they a part of the Muslim Brotherhood? One of them has a criminal background!How is it possible that 3 brothers are hired, Muslim brothers just saying, to work in Congress and deal with our most intelligent and sensitive information, number one? They were all making $160,000! Why were they paid so much? 22 years old one of the guys, the other was 25. They re making $160,000, $161,000 and $165,000. And one of them has a criminal background! I hear what you re saying, I mean, these intelligence committees handle our terror strategies right? They got in on Benghazi by the way.Yes, and they also worked for many Democrats in the House. They are thinking that they may be also one of the reasons Debbie Wasserman Schultz got hacked. There s so much more to come on this Stuart, it s an incredible story. I think it s amazing!Chiefs of staff for dozens of Democratic lawmakers who employed the four were informed last week that a criminal probe was underway into their use of congressional information technology systems, including the existence of an external server to which House data was being funneled, and into the theft of and overbilling for computer equipment.Their salaries and time were shared among dozens of Democratic members, including former Democratic National Committee Chairman Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz of Florida.Chiefs of staff for dozens of Democratic lawmakers who employed the four were informed last week that a criminal probe was underway into their use of congressional information technology systems, including the existence of an external server to which House data was being funneled, and into the theft of and overbilling for computer equipment.Despite the generous salaries, the four were involved in multiple suspicious mortgage transfers and a debt-evading bankruptcy. Abid had more than $1 million in debts following a failed business called Cars International that he ran in Falls Church, Va., from November 2009 to September 2010. Business associates said in court documents that Abid had stolen money and vehicles from them.It s unclear how Abid found time to run an automotive business while working full-time for Congress. He had been on the congressional payroll since 2005. A congressional credit union repossessed two of his personal cars before the business folded.Abid filed for bankruptcy in 2012, but somehow managed to keep ownership of two houses while telling the bankruptcy court and creditors that he had no assets with which to pay them. He signed a sworn statement that he and his wife, Natalia Soba, were living apart and needed separate residences. My spouse and I are legally separated under applicable non-bankruptcy law or my spouse and I are living apart other than for the purpose of evading the requirements of   707(b)(2)(A) of the Bankruptcy Code,  Abid claimed in bankruptcy documents. But both houses had been in the family for years.Abid s record includes numerous driving- and alcohol-related legal problems, including driving with a suspended or revoked license, court records show. He was found guilty of drunk driving a month before he started at the House, and was arrested for public intoxication a month after his first day.A spokesman for Rep. Joaquin Castro of Texas told TheDCNF Friday that Jamal s  employment with our office has been terminated. Hilarie Chambers, a spokeswoman for Rep. Sandy Levin   who employed Abid   told TheDCNF that  after being notified by the House Administration Committee, this individual was removed from our payroll. We are confident that everything in our office is secure. Not every Democrat is willing to terminate their connection with these four:Some Democrats have not terminated their connection with the four, including Wasserman Schultz, who employs Imran and who resigned from her DNC post last year after a computer hack revealed embarassing emails. Derrick Robinson, spokesman for California Rep. Karen Bass, refused to comment on Alvi s employment status.For entire story: Daily Caller",0
