id,title,text,label
2505, Reporter’s Question About Russia P*ssed Trump Off So Much He Kicked Everyone Out Of His Office,"If you want to know how Trump treats the press, you need only read the White House press pool report from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu s visit:The pool was then ushed into the Oval. POTUS and Benjamin Netanyahu sat in two chairs set up in front of the fireplace. FLOTUS sat on the couch to POTUS s right. Sara Netanyahu sat on the opposite couch. POTUS referred to the press as:  The nicest people over there. This remark was a clear attempt to soften up the people Trump usually demonizes as  fake news  and the  lying media.  In fact, the report says Trump even went out of his way to compliment  FAKE NEWS  CNN s Sarah Murray on a recent story. It was then that Murray, undeterred by The Donald s effort to win her over with a couple compliments, asked her question and all hell broke loose:He called out to CNN s Sara Murray and complimented a recent story. She asked POTUS to comment on whether his advisors contacted Russian intelligence officer during the campaign. *_Trump did not respond to her question._* Pool was asked to leave.This should have been an easy question for Trump. The answer is  yes.  Calls between key Trump staffers have not only been intercepted and made public by our own intelligence agencies and those of our allies who now have to spy on us because Trump is likely compromised. Michael Flynn just resigned because of his discussions of sanctions with the Russian ambassador while Obama was still President.Instead, Trump said nothing. No admission of wrongdoing, no promise to vet his people better or to actually do his f*cking duty to the American people, nothing.The terrifying thing is that Trump doesn t have to say anything.House Oversight Committee Jason Chaffetz   that s the guy who led the charge against Hillary Clinton  has already vowed that he will never satisfy their desire to bring down Donald Trump.  Rand Paul accidentally admitted that Republicans won t back a Trump investigation because they re too busy taking healthcare away from our country s most vulnerable. Besides, it s not like Trump is a Democrat, right? I just don t think it s useful to be doing investigation after investigation, particularly of your own party,  Paul says.  We ll never even get started with doing the things we need to do, like repealing Obamacare, if we re spending our whole time having Republicans investigate Republicans. I think it makes no sense. Think about that. Trump wasn t joking when he said he could shoot someone in public and not lose support   and he wasn t just talking about voters. At this point, we can pretty safely assume that our government is compromised to the point that he can literally get away with anything. You either have a country or you don t,  a small-handed orange man once said a few billion times. Call your congressmen. Demand they do the right thing and investigate and impeach Donald J. Trump now  while we still have a country.Featured image via Getty Images/Win McNamee",0
2506, New Poll Paints A HUMILIATING Picture For Trump Just One Month Into His Presidency,"As Trump prepares to kick off his 2020 campaign so he can avoid doing real work in the White House, a new poll has devastating news for him: If the 2020 election were held tomorrow, a generic, unnamed Democrat would beat him. That means that more people would vote for pretty much any Democrat in order to keep Trump from being re-elected.The Politico/Morning Consult poll has 43 percent of respondents saying they would probably pick the Democrat even without a name right now. Only 35 percent said they would vote for Trump.Worse, the number of Trump voters who would vote for him again is slipping. 71 percent of Trump voters said they d vote for him again, compared to 87 percent of Hillary s voters who would vote for the generic Democrat.And perhaps even worse than that is the fact that 26 percent of people who answered this poll believe Trump is the worst president we ve had since WWII. 25 percent hold that same opinion of Obama, but Trump s presidency is all of one month old. Obama served his eight years and has a legacy for people to look at.It s really not often that people believe history will view a president that badly just thirty days into his first term.For Trump, where his image and ego are everything, the idea that people would rather support a generic someone over him has got to be horrifying. This is a poll he would probably call  fake news,  because of the people who line the streets outside Mar a Lago (who are protesters), and all the electoral votes he won, and so on.Add all of this to the fact that he really is planning a campaign event in Florida for this weekend, and has declared himself eligible for candidacy for 2020 already, and what it shows right now is that people believe he can t do the job. Presidents often enjoy a certain  honeymoon  period with both the press and the populace following their election. Trump has been screwing up so badly so quickly that his honeymoon didn t even happen.The only people who still think he s doing a good job are his most ardent supporters. But those people would support him even if he nuked the U.S. back into the Stone Age.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
2507, WATCH: Trump Responds To Rising Anti-Semitism By Bragging About His Electoral College Win,"How can the Israelis, or any Jewish person for that matter, trust Donald Trump if he can t even answer this question seriously?During his press conference with Benjamin Netanyahu, Trump took a question from a reporter who wanted to to know what he plans to do about the rising incidents of hate and anti-Semitism in this country and asked Trump to also address the fact that members of his own team have taken racist tones. Mr. President, since your election campaign and even after your victory, we ve seen a sharp rise in anti-Semitic   anti- Semitic incidents across the United States,  the reporter began.  And I wonder, what do you say to those among the Jewish community in the states and in Israel and maybe around the world who believe and feel that your administration is playing with xenophobia and maybe racist tones? Indeed, hate crimes have skyrocketed across the nation since Trump was elected and he has done very little to combat them. Meanwhile, Trump s administration included white nationalist Steve Bannon and racist Jeff Sessions and all but two members of Trump s Cabinet are white men.In response to the question, Trump outrageously proceeded to brag extensively about his Electoral College victory as if that somehow will stop anti-Semitism. Well, I just want to say that we are, you know, very honored by the victory that we had   306 electoral college votes,  Trump said.  We were not supposed to crack 220. You know that, right? There was no way to 221, but then they said there s no way to 270. And there s tremendous enthusiasm out there. Trump couldn t even get his own election count right. First, he received 304 votes when the Electoral College met in December. Furthermore, his win is one of the smallest on record and he also lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes.Trump then claimed that he will bring peace to America and went on to use a line that sounds eerily similar to a racist saying they aren t racist by claiming to have black friends. In Trump s case, he suggested that anti-Semitism will be magically solved by his administration because he has Jewish family members. He concluded by telling the reporter that he will  see a lot of love  over the next few years.I will say that we are going to have peace in this country. We are going to stop crime in this country. We are going to do everything within our power to stop long simmering racism and every other thing that s going on. There s a lot of bad things that have been taking place over a long period of time.I think one of the reasons I won the election is we have a very, very divided nation, very divided. And hopefully, I ll be able to do something about that. And I, you know, it was something that was very important to me.As far as people, Jewish people, so many friends; a daughter who happens to be here right now; a son-in-law, and three beautiful grandchildren. I think that you re going to see a lot different United States of America over the next three, four or eight years. I think a lot of good things are happening.And you re going to see a lot of love. You re going to see a lot of love.Here s the video via YouTube:Let s not forget that neo-Nazis supported Trump s campaign and they continue to support him today. Let s also not forget that Trump didn t mention Jews at all when he issued a statement in remembrance of the Holocaust, a tragedy that resulted in 6 million Jews being murdered by Hitler.Once again, Trump demonstrates that he is an embarrassment. He had a chance to address this issue seriously, but he made it all about him and his ego before making very few references to anti-Semitism and how he plans to actually stop it. He didn t even mention Jews beyond pointing out that he has Jewish family members as if that somehow makes him qualified to deal with anti-Semitism.Trump is clearly not fit to be president.Featured image via screenshot",0
2508, Trump Is LITERALLY Kicking Off His 2020 Re-Election Campaign In Florida This Weekend,"For the third time in a row, Trump will head down to Florida for the weekend because he can t stand the White House. However, it seems that this particular weekend vacay is different: It s a rally at Orlando International Airport, similar to the ones he held during his campaign. He s even got a neat little graphic on his Twitter announcement, which also reads the way the ads for his campaign stops read:Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport! Tickets: https://t.co/9jDy1tYkgE pic.twitter.com/GDhO6GGxwt  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017Now, we already knew that Trump s advisers were trying to figure out a way to allow him to keep holding rallies so he could stroke his ego while in office. That s what his so-called  Thank-You  tour was all about. However, it seems that this one is a little different. White House press who ve spoken to Spicer about it are saying the following:Spicer says Trump rally in FL Saturday is a  campaign  event. So the 2020 campaign has begun.  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) February 15, 2017Spicer on POTUS event on Saturday in FL:  It s being run by the campaign  Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) February 15, 2017It s a campaign event, and it s being paid for by the campaign, although speculation says otherwise:This means that Trump s campaign must pay some of the costs for Air Force One, travel and lodging for aides. Wanna bet they don t do that? https://t.co/jQx0Gz0gXt  Dan Pfeiffer (@danpfeiffer) February 15, 2017Here s more:White House referring Qs about @realDonaldTrump FL rally to the president s campaign.Trump is having a campaign rally 1 month into term  Mike Memoli (@mikememoli) February 15, 2017What?President Trump will make it all the way to his 30th day in office before having a campaign event pic.twitter.com/KrnRuOUwvr  Mark Berman (@markberman) February 15, 2017Yeah. He filed a letter with the Federal Election Commission saying he meets the candidacy threshold for 2020 on the day he was inaugurated, and now he s holding campaign events. And Spicer is saying the campaign will pay for them. The campaign will pay for use of Air Force One and lodging for the Secret Service and all his aides? Sure.But more than that, this is another way for him to avoid real work, and possibly to distract from the scandals mounting in the White House. He hates the business of being the president because he can t do what he wants, when he wants and how he wants. He can t be a dictator, and he can t tolerate people actually telling him he s wrong. But he can hold these rallies full of cheering people who admire him and hold him up as a god who s right about everything.This isn t normal. This is terrifying.Featured image by Mark Wallheiser via Getty Images",0
2509, WATCH: Jake Tapper Teaches Trump The Difference Between Conspiracy Theories And Real News,"Donald Trump just got humiliated with facts again by CNN.On Wednesday morning, Trump once again attacked CNN by calling them  fake news  and accused them of pushing  conspiracy theories  in response to their reporting on the Michael Flynn scandal.The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017Flynn got caught lying about his discussion with Russian officials about the sanctions President Obama placed on Russia.Because Flynn was not a government official at the time, he violated the Logan Act. He also lied to Mike Pence about the discussion, and Pence proceeded to unknowingly lie in defense of Flynn and his activities.Thanks to White House staffers who leaked the truth, Trump was forced to accept Flynn s resignation.And Trump didn t like that so he lashed out at the media for reporting the leaks.Well, CNN host Jake Tapper BURIED Trump Wednesday afternoon by teaching him the difference between conspiracy theories and real news. The media, of course did not fire General Flynn, President Trump did,  Tapper pointed out. Now what the media did do was reveal to the nation that General Flynn had lied to the Trump team including Vice President Pence when he claimed he never discussed Obama s sanctions on Russia with the Russian ambassador. President Trump knew this at least as early as January 26th. But he did not act on this until media revealed the truth to you, and, as it turns out, Vice President Pence. Of course these stories are not conspiracy theories, these are news stories sourced by government officials,  Tapper continued.  Conspiracy theories are different, they re false, they re crackpot, they re nonsense. Tapper then proceeded to give Trump examples of conspiracy theories, such as when Trump claimed that Ted Cruz s dad helped kill John F. Kennedy or when Trump pushed the lie that President Obama was born in Kenya. THOSE are conspiracy theories,  Tapper declared.  These are facts. Ad if Trump weren t already humiliated enough, Tapper also slammed Trump s hypocrisy on leaks. Throughout Trump s campaign he cheered on Wikileaks and the FBI for leaking information he could use against Hillary Clinton. But now that the leaks are about him and his administration, he s pissed off about it. No president likes leaks, but it s worth noting candidate Trump s path to power was tread on a road of leaks. He didn t have a problem with leaks then. It s not a moral position if you only hold it when it applies to you. Here s the video via YouTube:Donald Trump really needs to stop attacking the media. It s embarrassing.Featured image via screenshot",0
2510, REPORT: Fox News Might Be Under Investigation By Federal Authorities,"If federal authorities discover what they are reportedly looking for, the Republican propaganda network could be in deep sh*t.Last year, Roger Ailes was ousted as Fox News boss because Gretchen Carlson and other female anchors filed sexual harassment lawsuits.According to Carlson s lawsuit, Ailes punished her after she refused to have sex with him. He constantly ogled her and told her to wear short skirts to emphasize her legs. He also allowed misogyny to run rampant. Carlson even named current Fox & Friends host Steve Doocy in the lawsuit.First, Ailes demoted Carlson by removing her from Fox & Friends. And then he fired her after she continued to refuse to sleep with him to further her career.The case against Ailes was so damning that even Megyn Kelly defended Carlson.Eventually, Ailes settled the lawsuit and Fox News paid Carlson $20 million. Ailes was then fired by the company and given a $40 million severance package.And that money is the source of a possible investigation that federal authorities are considering or already moving forward with.Andrea Tantaros  lawyer Judd Burstein, who is representing her in her sexual harassment lawsuit against Fox News and Roger Ailes, recently received a subpoena from federal prosecutors. And he told the Hollywood Reporter what it means. Once I saw it, I knew what was happening,  Burstein said.  They were investigating whether Fox News violated securities laws by not reporting settlements to the Securities and Exchange Commission. In other words, Fox News may have settled the lawsuit against Ailes without informing the shareholders of the decision to pay Carlson $20 million while also agreeing to pay Ailes $40 million. Their haste to quickly sweep the lawsuit out of national headlines would be a violation of rules set up by the Securities and Exchange Commission.In a statement following the report, Fox News claimed the corporation has not received a subpoena, but did say they have been in contact with U.S. Attorneys. The court granted FOX News  motion to send Andrea Tantaros  case to arbitration, where it always belonged, and rejected her counsel Judd Burstein s histrionics. Apparently one of Mr. Burstein s other clients has received a subpoena. Neither FOX News nor 21CF has received a subpoena, but we have been in communication with the U.S. Attorney s office for months. We have and will continue to cooperate on all inquiries with any interested authorities. If Fox News gets busted for not informing their shareholders they could end up paying a hefty fine to settle with the SEC. That just takes more money out of Rupert Murdoch s pockets and could make it more difficult for the company to make huge offers to Fox hosts and anchors to stick around when it s time to renew contracts. It would be a major financial setback for the conservative propaganda machine.Hopefully, federal authorities are able to launch or continue their investigation without interference from Donald Trump.Featured image via Dangerous Minds",0
2511, Some Of The White House Leaks May Be Coming From The MOST Unexpected Place,"The Donald Trump administration is beginning to represent an 80s horror film   the leak is coming from inside the (White) House and at least one is coming from one of Trump s most trusted people, Kellyanne Conway.According to CNN as told to them by trusted sources, Conway is trying to throw White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer under the bus.Spicer, who, more than even Conway, is the public face of the Trump administration, has become a national laughing stock, especially after being played (far too accurately) by Melissa McCarthy on Saturday Night Live.The narrative is that Trump is unhappy with Spicer and that the fact that he was so easily played by a woman shows him as  weak. Of course, there s also the fact that the media absolutely hates the guy who often berates them and pretty much always lies. Could it be, though, that the rumors of Spicer s demise are premature and that it s all a plot by Conway to rid her of at least one of the people she s always having to defend.So where is the narrative coming from? Spicer declined to comment on the record for this article, but Bannon and Priebus dismissed the leaks about his fate as scuttlebutt from lower level staff. Or maybe  the media, the opposition party  was just making it up, Bannon said.Many people sympathetic to Spicer in and out of the White House believe otherwise. Five of these sources think the person behind the leaks is Kellyanne Conway, Trump s ever-visible White House counselor. Though they offer no hard evidence, they say Conway is trying to offload blame for administration setbacks on Spicer to prove she is the more effective public advocate and earn a lasting place in the President s inner circle. She s clearly guiding a press narrative that he s not up for the job, and that they re reviewing other candidates,  one GOP strategist said.  It s becoming abundantly clear that Kellyanne is making Sean s job impossible. Source: CNNConway denies all of this, saying that  Sean has my full support.  The White House says the same of Spicer.Of course, the Trump administration would be far from the first to put a public happy face on a tumultuous situation, but there are several reasons to believe that Spicer might be on the way out, but the only one that really matters is that Spicer is embarrassing an already teetering on the edge presidency. In other words, it s likely that the leaks are right   Spicer s days are numbered. Whether or not that comes from Conway is another question. However, if she s leaking this, it means the loyalty is eroding and bigger leaks could be in her future.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
2512, Whiner-In-Chief: ‘Fake Media’ Is Being Mean To ‘Wonderful’ Michael Flynn (VIDEO),"When alleged president Donald Trump doesn t like unfavorable coverage, then he calls it  fake news.  The media is striking back, though, after his repeated attacks. Trump is plagued with scandals after being on the job for just a few weeks. To address his ousted national security adviser Michael Flynn s scandal, Trump said that the former aide was subjected to  criminal  leaks in the  fake media. I think he s been treated very, very unfairly by the media   as I call it, the fake media, in many cases,  Trump said at a joint press conference Wednesday with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.  I think it s really a sad thing he was treated so badly. Trump needs to get his story right with his team. White House press secretary Sean Spicer said just yesterday that Trump demanded Flynn s resignation because of  trust  issues.Trump thinks the disgraced retired General is a swell guy:Trump called Flynn a  wonderful man  and doubled down on his condemnation of the leaks from the intelligence community that exposed Flynn misled senior officials in the White House about his conversations with Russia s ambassador. Those conversations took place the day that then-President Obama imposed sanctions on Russia for its interference in the election. From intelligence, papers are being leaked, things are being leaked, it s criminal action. It s a criminal act, and it s been going on for a long time before me, but now it s really going on,  Trump said.Watch:  People are trying to cover up for a terrible loss that the Democrats had under Hillary Clinton,  he added.He said the same thing on Twitter this morning. He s blaming Hillary Clinton for his scandal-plagued administration.This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton s losing campaign.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017This morning he lashed out about the leaks. Funny thing about that: In 2016, Trump said,  I love WikiLeaks!  And now in 2017, he hates leaks.The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by  intelligence  like candy. Very un-American!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017Then he sent out a mean-girl tweet about The New York Times and The Washington Post.Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017The only questions from reporters Trump took during the press conference was from the Christian Broadcasting Network and the conservative website Townhall.Trump is afraid to answer questions about Russia. He did manage to brag about his election win again, though.Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
2513, New York’s Attorney General Could Literally Put Trump Out Of Business,"After perhaps the worst day in presidential history, something is brewing in New York that could do far more damage than any political scandal ever could. It could put Trump completely out of business.A group in New York State is petitioning New York s Attorney General, Eric Schneiderman, long a critic of Trump, is being urged to pull Trump s business charter altogether.The group is called Free Speech for People. They, like many liberal advocacy groups, are best known for ill-fated petitions, like this one attempting to impeach Trump. However, things could be different this time because of timing.The group did not unearth any new information about Trump s company. Instead, it dug up the company s past legal infractions, such settlements over housing discrimination charges in the 1970s and fraud allegations at Trump University last year, and argued that Schneiderman ought to take action against the company now that Trump has become president and declined to sell his interests. By continuing to operate under Trump family ownership and control with President Trump in the White House, the Trump Organization flagrantly abuses its state-granted powers, contrary to the public policies of New York against corruption and conflicts of interest, and contrary to the U.S. Constitution,  the letter reads.Source: Washington PostWith one breaking scandal after another since the day Trump took office (less than four weeks ago), the public mood, especially in blue state New York, it turning against the wannabe dictator. Between Trump s Russia scandals (potential treason) and the fact that Trump refuses to divest himself from his business interests.While most in politics might dismiss the letter as being from liberal cranks (conservative cranks are typically the only ones politicians pay attention to), Free Speech for People have chosen the right target. Schneiderman has been fighting Trump since before Trump became a birther. He s currently in the process of suing Trump over immigration and he was one of the plaintiffs in the Trump University case.Schneiderman has acknowledged the letter, which is more than most would likely give us. Let s hope he takes up the cause. If you are in New York, contact Schneiderman s office at 800-771-7755.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images.",0
2514, WATCH: Kieth Olbermann DESTROYS Trump For Mishandling Intelligence Way Worse Than Hillary Ever Did,"Donald Trump continues to be a national embarrassment who is making our country less safe.At Mar-a-Lago over the weekend, Trump threw a party for his friends and random guests. And as that party went on, Trump was receiving sensitive information from aides as pictures were being taken all around him. Someone even managed to take a picture of and with the guy carrying the nuclear briefcase that the president needs to order a nuclear strike.Trump s lax attitude when it comes to national security intel is particularly alarming and hypocritical since he repeatedly accused Hillary Clinton of being irresponsible because of her emails.And Kieth Olbermann trashed Trump for it and pointed out that if Hillary Clinton has done what Trump is doing she would have been impeached immediately by the Republican-controlled Congress. It boggles the mind,  Olbermann began.  The president of the United States was reportedly receiving information vital to the security of the nation about a provocative North Korea missile test in a golf club restaurant. Not merely in a setting of insecurity, but surrounded by and photographed by people who could be anything from gawking tourists to Russian agents. And if this cannot get worse, the president couldn t be bothered to even leave the dinner to go to a slightly more private place where random passers-by cannot take souvenir pictures of a security briefing so they can post them later to Facebook. Oblermann went on to note that Trump staffers were trying to read the information handed to Trump via the flashlights on their cell phones, which can be hacked and used to transmit what they are reading to our enemies without them even knowing about it.Olbermann then destroyed Trump s hypocrisy. Trump slandered Hillary Clinton. You could argue Trump beat Hillary Clinton on charges on insecure handling of emails. Nothing she was ever accused of, nothing, comes close to this debacle near Trump s version of the Bushwood country club during the Korean missile crisis If Clinton had done just this, the Republicans would have impeached her before sunrise. Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump is reckless with our national security. His guests literally had a front row seat to the information he was being given. Any one of his guests could have easily been a spy from an enemy nation and they would now have information to use against us. This is a serious breach that Republicans in Congress must take seriously and that means they need to impeach Trump.Our national security is not a game. It s life and death for every American citizen.Featured image via screenshot",0
2515, Corey Lewandowski Is Apparently Using Trump’s Twitter Account To Get Jobs (DETAILS),"Corey Lewandowski was Donald Trump s right hand man up until the undeserving POTUS decided to fire him from his position as campaign manager. Even after being rejected by Trump, Lewandowski continued to humiliate himself on CNN by posing as Trump s spokesperson while he happily accepted money from Trump. Things came to a head when Lewandowski realized he couldn t get into the inauguration   but still hadn t embarrassed himself enough. Apparently with all things Trump-related, it could always get worse!According to a new report by Buzzfeed News, Lewandowski is using access to Trump s Twitter account as an incentive for potential clients. Apparently, Lewandowski has already told potential clients like Facebook and financial group Blackstone Group that he can access the account, and four sources say that it s become normal for Lewandowski to use Trump s account as a selling point.As usual, Lewandowski is choosing to deny the reports. When confronted by a Buzzfeed reporter who had spoken to these four sources, Lewandowski fired back: I know facts don t matter to Buzzfeed but it s not true. Lewandowski elaborated that he d  never  even met with Facebook or Blackstone Group. Taking a page right out of Trump s book, he said: I never met Blackstone. Please make sure you accurately report that! I doubt you will. Trump and the rest of his incompetent team have also stated that Lewandowski cannot access Trump s beloved Twitter account.There s good reason to believe that Lewandowski would stoop low enough to use Trump s social media accounts as selling points for clients. He was a major part of Trump s team on the campaign trail, and we all know that anyone working this closely to Trump can t possibly be an honest person. Lewandowski, much like his former boss, was a lying snake who would use anything to leverage his own success. It doesn t seem out of character at all for Lewandowski to do this   and he likely learned that mentality from Trump himself.Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
2516," WATCH: Morning Joe Host Tells Kellyanne Conway To Go F*ck Herself, BANS Her From Show","Kellyanne Conway is definitely going to whine about this.CNN may have reversed their ban on Kellyanne Conway, but if Mika Brzezinski has her way, she won t ever be able to spread her lies on Morning Joe again.In the latest backlash against Donald Trump, the Morning Joe host declared that Kellyanne Conway will not be booked on the MSNBC program ever again because or her constant lies in defense of her tyrannical boss. I know for a fact she tries to book herself on this show,  Brzezinski said on the air.  I won t do it. I don t believe in fake news or information that is not true. That is   every time I ve ever seen her on television something is askew, off, or incorrect. Indeed, Kellyanne Conway lies so much on every media outlet she appears on it s a wonder her nose hasn t grown like Pinocchio s.Ever since she joined Trump s campaign she has been whining about how the media covers Trump and has insisted that her lies are the truth. Fact-checkers have had to work overtime to make sure the American people know that she is lying.Joe Scarborough opined that Conway lies because she isn t as close with Trump as shes says she is. She s just saying things just to get in front of the TV to prove her relevance because behind the scenes she s not in these meetings and any reporter can ask anybody in that White House and they will say the same thing. She s not in these meetings. So why does the president allow her to keep going out and spreading false information? Apparently, Trump is hoping that if Kellyanne Conway keeping repeating the lies that Americans will accept them as the truth.But Mika Brzezinski refuses to take part in that effort, so she made it very clear that Conway will not be invited on to Morning Joe as long as she is hosting. Kellyanne Conway does not need to text our show, as long as I m on it,  Brzezinski said.  It s not happening here. Here s the video via YouTube.Conway has been an embarrassment since day one. Her most recent embarrassments include peddling Ivanka Trump s product line in violation of federal ethics rules and making up a terrorist attack in Bowling Green, Kentucky in defense of Trump s travel ban. Beyond that, she fumbles so much that we ve lost count.The media should ban Conway from appearing on all shows across the board. All she does is spread propaganda and false information, and if Scarborough is right that she really doesn t know what s going on inside the White House then she shouldn t be considered a source worthy of interviewing.Featured image via screenshot",0
2517," REPORT: Intelligence Community Declares WAR On Trump, Promises To Put Him In Jail","Donald Trump has finally pushed the intelligence community too far, and they will make him pay the price for it.Tensions between Trump and our intelligence officials has been clear since before the election in November. But the tension reached a whole new level after the election as Trump has repeatedly attacked the intelligence community for revealing his connections with Russia and confirming that Russia helped him win.Now the intelligence community is declaring war on Trump after he attacked them in the midst of National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigning in disgrace for lying about negotiations he conducted with Russian officials prior to President Obama leaving office.Trump blamed intelligence officials for Flynn s resignation, suggesting that Trump would have kept Flynn on staff had the public not been informed of Flynn s activities and treachery via leaks.The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 14, 2017Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by  intelligence  like candy. Very un-American!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017Those tweets are reportedly the last straw for intelligence officials, who are now ready to take Trump down for the sake of our nation s future and security.Former NSA analyst John Schindler received a message from a current senior intelligence official on Wednesday declaring that Trump  will die in jail  once the whole truth about Trump s relationship with Russia and Putin is revealed. Now we go nuclear,  Schindler wrote.US intelligence is not the problem here.The President s collusion with Russian intelligence is.Many details, but the essence is simple.  John Schindler (@20committee) February 15, 2017Now we go nuclear. IC war going to new levels. Just got an EM fm senior IC friend, it began:  He will die in jail. https://t.co/e6FxCclVqT  John Schindler (@20committee) February 15, 2017Schindler previously wrote that intelligence agents are refusing to give sensitive information to Trump because Russia has ears inside the White House, particularly the Situation Room, where our most secretive intel is discussed.For too long, Trump has been attacking our intelligence community in defense of Vladimir Putin and it has clearly led to a break between the White House and our intelligence network. Trump pissed off the wrong people. He chose the wrong side. Now we get watch as they take him down and put him behind bars.Featured image via Capitol Hill Blue",0
2518," Trump Whines About Fake News, CNN’s Chris Cuomo Just Shut Him Down PERFECTLY (VIDEO)","By now, we re all sick and tired of hearing Donald Trump whine about fake news, especially when he s team is a major creator of it.Earlier today, Trump went on one of his routine Twitter rants about fake news and unfavorable coverage, targeting  unwatchable  MSNBC and CNN for their  conspiracy theories  and  blind hatred.  To top it off, Trump happily endorsed Fox News, which has been proven to be the most dishonest media outlet there is.While Trump was whining about networks that tell the truth about how awful he is, CNN s Chris Cuomo hit back and completely shut him down. Cuomo pointed out that for someone who hates CNN, Trump is one of their most loyal viewers. Cuomo said: The president, as we know, watches  New Day.  We appreciate that viewership. He does not want to talk to us, but he does want to talk about us, and yet, this situation is different. He has said nothing to rebut the facts of this situation. On top of that, Cuomo and his colleagues spent the entire morning reporting on the details that Trump s senior advisors had been in  constant communication  with Russian intelligence during Trump s presidential campaign   making Trump look like a complete idiot.Cuomo also pointed out that fact that Trump hasn t been able to give an answer regarding Russia s involvement in the election or General Michael Flynn s communications with Russia that have now caused him to resign just 24 days after beginning his role as national security advisor. Cuomo said: Who knew? The idea that Flynn had to resign because he was soloing with this unique agenda with Russia that nobody else knew about, nobody had told him to do and nobody participated in is hard to believe and goes without good answer from the White House. Cuomo s attack on Trump is perfect, and hopefully it ll shut him up for a while so he can actually do his job:Featured image via screenshot and Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
2519, BREAKING: Republican Judge Calls For Impeaching ‘Dangerous’ Trump: ‘America Is At Stake’,"Donald Trump has been nothing but a disaster since taking office nearly four weeks ago and now even Republicans want him impeached.Of particular concern is Trump s ties with Russia and his assaults on the free press and the judicial branch.Trump seems to fancy himself a king and Republicans in Congress are gleefully treating him that way instead of doing their public duty to protect this country from threats like him.Well, a former Republican judge is disgusted with his party and he just publicly called for Trump s impeachment.Mark Painter served on the Ohio Court of Appeals for many years and the Republican Party is unrecognizable to him today. It used to be a center-right party but Trump has solidified it as the party of extremists who deny reality and facts with impunity.And that s why Painter is offering to help Republicans draft articles of impeachment to take Trump down before it s too late. In any time except our post-factual era, no office holder, much less the president, could get away with any one of the dozens of dazzlingly illegal things Trump has already done,  Painter wrote in a piece for Cinncinati.com.  They would forfeit office immediately. Each new day is a new nightmare. We are still trying to digest one breathtaking assault on America when another is signed, issued, or Tweeted. All this amid constant lies. Constant. Lies. It s tough, but we must end this dangerous presidency. Trump must be impeached and removed with all haste. But only Congress can initiate the process. Painter calls out Ohio Rep. Steve Chabot specifically and tells him to  man-up  and stop defending Trump, pointing out that Chabot helped draft articles of impeachment for Bill Clinton for far less than what Trump has done.Indeed, Bill Clinton had an extramarital affair in office and lied about it under oath. Donald Trump has lied about anything and everything, including his ties to Russia, his taxes, his conflicts of interest, etc He has violated the Constitution in so many ways it is hard to count them all. But Painter mentions a few. Basic American values   free speech, the rule of law, separation of powers, even common decency   are unknown in this White House. We now have a president who has no concept of separation of powers, or why we have three branches of government. If he knew anything about the Constitution, he would know the framers envisioned just the situation we have now   a would-be dictator. They provided checks and balances   such as an independent judiciary to protect us from presidential tyranny.We must admit we have elected a president who has immediately proved himself to be a grifter, a pathological liar, a mean-spirited bully and dangerous to American values. This not-ready-for-prime-time show is too dangerous to continue. America is at stake. It s time to end Trump s regime before he destroys our country. The only problem is that Republicans are eager to help him destroy it. In the end, elections, protests, and impeachment could be useless methods to get rid of Trump. As long as Republicans control Congress they will refuse to save the country and they will remain in control by trying to destroy voting rights. They are also already proposing bills designed to quell protests. And when peaceful methods of changing our government are taken away from the people, that only leaves the kind of method that Thomas Jefferson spoke of in a letter to William Stephens Smith in 1787.Hopefully, it won t come down to that. But we can t keep pretending that peaceful protests will make Republicans listen to reason, nor can we expect Republicans to stop chipping away at voting rights. And the fact that Republicans are okay with Russia helping their candidate win suggests they will expect foreign help in 2018 and 2020. We also can t expect the judicial branch to stop Trump because Republicans are already busy working on a bill to split up the Ninth Circuit Court as punishment for not agreeing with Trump s executive order.The American people need to rise up and demand the impeachment of Trump and his entire administration, and then a new election must be held. The future of our nation depends on it.Featured image via Andrew Harrer   Pool/Getty Images",0
2520, All HELL Breaks Loose After Trump Accuses Obama Of Being ‘Soft On Russia’ (TWEETS),"Donald Trump kicked off his Wednesday morning by launching into another insane rant about  fake news,  with a bonus guest appearance by a stupid comment about Hillary Clinton. The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable,  Trump said, continuing his attack on media that tells the truth about him. Of course, he was sure to endorse a network that generally distorts stories in his favor on behalf of the U.S. Government:  @foxandfriends is great! The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred. @MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017Sorry, folks. The very real information about Michael Flynn and Russia (the information that led to his resignation) as well as Trump s guest Facebooking a photo of the guy carrying the nuclear football along with his name, Trump reviewing secure documents using a cell phone flashlight during dinner while the waitstaff continued service, the confirmation that his staff stayed in frequent contact with the Russian government during his campaign, and even Kellyanne Conway s  free commercial  for Ivanka Trump s products   all of that is just  conspiracy theories  and  blind hatred. After taking his traditional half-hour to figure out how he can sound even more like an uninformed madman than with his previous tweet, Trump informed us that any allegations that he or his staff are connected to Russia are simply attempts to cover up Hillary Clinton s massive popular vote victory he keeps denying happened:This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017After an 11-minute thinkin  session, Trump amped up the stupidity by saying that intelligence agencies leaking information about his ties to Russia makes them  just like Russia :Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes & @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?).Just like Russia  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017But Trump wasn t done yet! What good is an unhinged right-wing rant without someone dragging Obama into it?  Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?  Trump writes.Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017Before he took office, Trump whined that Obama was too hard on his previous Vladdy Poot Poot, arguing for a substantial rollback of sanctions against Russia (including some of the ones Obama put in place after Crimea  was TAKEN. Naturally, after almost an hour of pure stupidity, Americans just unleashed on The Donald:Haha @realDonaldTrump saying obama was soft on Russia is the best so far. Practicing your comedy routine, I see!  David G. McAfee (@DavidGMcAfee) February 15, 2017So Trump's defense for borderline-treasonous behavior & collusion: Obama was soft on Russia!  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump you have Obama tourettes. You can't say 'but Obama' every time you are in trouble. Own your own shit.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) February 15, 2017Seems the @realDonaldTrump has lost it. pic.twitter.com/tX0texnqPg  Michael Slezak (@MikeySlezak) February 15, 2017@AirlineFlyer @realDonaldTrump is melting down this morning. I'd enjoy watching this train wreck but I'm on that train.  David Williams (@stratoduck) February 15, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You're BUDDIES with Putin but you want to talk about Obama being too soft on Russia?  Jessie (@NicCageMatch) February 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Oh so NOW you re all  Back off Russia  It s almost as if you re shitting yourself or something.  Emma Kennedy (@EmmaKennedy) February 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump there's a Russian spy ship off the coast of Delaware. They fired a treaty violating missile yesterday. Stop deflecting.  Alex Zalben (@azalben) February 15, 2017. @realDonaldTrump there were also three TAKEN movies during Obama's administration. Anyway back to you committing treason with Russia  Ian Boothby (@IanBoothby) February 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump yeaaaaah you aren't gonna get the spotlight removed from you on this one, Comrade.  Bird Peterson (@birdpeterson) February 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump He imposed sanctions in response to Russian aggression. YOUR ADMINISTRATION conspired with the Russians to lift them.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) February 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump ""Bad things happened under Obama, but no one calls HIM out for the treasonous things that only I did! Wait ""  Ben Hooper (@BenHooperWrites) February 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Russia just violated an arms control treaty under your watch. We are waiting.  Skip Shea (@skipshea2) February 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Obama imposed sanctions on Russia ( that you want to lift) for interfering in our election, while you  pic.twitter.com/lIHwBX9f3c  Frank Funaro (@FrankFunaro) February 15, 2017If anyone is  soft  on Russia, it s the guy who once tweeted that he wanted Putin to become his  new best friend. If there s one takeaway from this moronic outpouring of what-the-fuck, it s that Trump is scared and is lashing out at everything he can. His days are numbered. The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by  intelligence  like candy,  Trump says.  Very un-American! The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by ""intelligence"" like candy. Very un-American!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 15, 2017Sorry, Trump: exposing your administration s unprecedented corruption is the most American thing we can do right now.Featured image via Getty Imagex (Drew Angerer)/screengrab",0
2521, Trump Staffers Are SO TERRIFIED Of Trump That They’re Using Secret Chat App To Avoid His Wrath,"While Trump is busy claiming that the real news stories are all the leaks coming from the White House, various staffers are so afraid of being accused of leaking information to the press that they ve resorted to finding ways to hide their electronic communications. Some of them are using a chat app called Confide, which erases messages as soon as they re read.Some of these staffers may be behind some of the rogue Twitter accounts, like RoguePOTUSStaff and possibly AltUSPressSec tweet things that they overhear in the White House. But there has been a proliferation of news stories citing anonymous sources within the White House as well, as staffers refuse to be named for obvious reasons.The funny thing is that use of Confide may violate the Presidential Records Act   certain staffers are required by law to use their official email addresses for communications. Using a secret app like Confide not only means they re not using their official accounts, but it also means there s no record at all.The fact that staffers are willing to break the law to avoid Trump s wrath is telling.And they have reason to be afraid. Sean Spicer pointed at government employees as the source of the leaks, saying: When we have government employees that are entrusted with this and then leak it out, that undermines our national security. That s a real concern for this president. And Rep. Devin Nunes, who chairs the House Intelligence Committee, is more interested in rooting out the sources of the leaks than he is about whether or not Michael Flynn broke any laws with his communications with Russia.It s true that the White House leaks are unprecedented, at least insofar as one of George W. Bush s top officials is concerned. Nobody knows where the leaks are coming from yet, but when you have to resort to secrecy just to avoid your boss  wrath and accusations even if you re not doing anything wrong there s a serious problem.Featured image by Mario Tama via Getty Images",0
2522, 37 Mental Health Workers Are BEGGING Congress To Impeach Trump,"It s been a very, very bad day for the newly elected Donald Trump administration. First, amid revelations of Russian connections, his National Security Advisor, Michael Flynn, was forced to resign. Now, others may soon follow, but it s the big guy himself that has mental health professionals concerned and in an open letter in the New York Times, they begged that Congress and the media do something about it.The 37 mental health professionals, ranging from social workers to psychologists and psychiatrists have all violated the ethical code called the Goldwater Rule, which is a self-imposed ban on diagnosing public officials. Frankly, though, there hasn t been such a high-level politician who s been putting us in as much danger as Trump is (at least not since the resignation of Richard M. Nixon), so they felt it was time to speak out.While the letter doesn t diagnose Trump with a specific mental illness (like malignant narcissism), they are more generally concerned with Trump s delusions of grandeur.Mr. Trump s speech and actions demonstrate an inability to tolerate views different from his own, leading to rage reactions. His words and behavior suggest a profound inability to empathize. Individuals with these traits distort reality to suit their psychological state, attacking facts and those who convey them (journalists, scientists).In a powerful leader, these attacks are likely to increase, as his personal myth of greatness appears to be confirmed. We believe that the grave emotional instability indicated by Mr. Trump s speech and actions makes him incapable of serving safely as president.Others have gone even further.In a bid to warn the public, psychologists are publishing their diagnoses of Trump. Most recently, John D. Gartner said Trump  is dangerously mentally ill and temperamentally incapable of being president. He believes Trump shows signs of  malignant narcissism,  which is defined as a mix of narcissism, antisocial personality disorder, aggression and sadism in Campbells  Psychiatric Dictionary.In December, three psychiatry professors wrote to President Obama, calling Trump  mentally unstable. His widely reported symptoms of mental instability   including grandiosity, impulsivity, hypersensitivity to slights or criticism, and an apparent inability to distinguish between fantasy and reality   lead us to question his fitness for the immense responsibilities of the office,  the professors from Harvard Medical School and the University of California wrote to the then President, urging him to order a  full medical and neuropsychiatric evaluation  of the then President-elect.Unfortunately, Obama, who was probably aware that Trump was mentally unfit, had no legal recourse to do anything. Trump, however, is a clear and present danger to our country. His refusal to accept even the tiniest amount of dissent, his business conflicts and his Russian associations make it too dangerous for him to remain in office for another day. Unfortunately, we have a Republican Congress that puts party before country. They d rather see it burn down than to damage their mission of complete corporate reign.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
2523, CONFIRMED: High-Level Trump Campaign Staff Was In ‘Constant Touch’ With The Russian Government (VIDEO),"Donald Trump may want to rethink his  wall  idea because his entire presidency is crumbling down around him. With Kellyanne Conway on her way out the door because she advertised his daughter s goods during a Fox News interview and Michael Flynn getting caught secretly talking sanctions with the Russian ambassador and Sean Spicer just being Sean Spicer, The Donald is already dealing with a lot   but now CNN reports that his campaign staff was in  constant touch  with high-level government officials in Russia.According to multiple current and former intelligence, law enforcement and administration officials, high-level advisers to candidate Trump raised red flags with U.S. intelligence because they were apparently calling each other more often than a middle school couple who has been dating for three days (that s a lot):Intelligence officials say they are still determining the intent of the frequent communications, but they are concerned that Trump associates were coordinating with Russian intelligence to release information that would damage Hillary Clinton. If that were the case, then that would escalate things,  one official briefed on the investigation told CNN.More than  a baker s dozen intelligence agencies have previously confirmed that Vladimir Putin personally spearheaded a massive hacking and propaganda/ fake news  campaign targeting Clinton in an effort to get Donald Trump elected.Since assuming office,  Easy D  has been nothing but friendly to Russia, even easing sanctions that targeted the very intelligence agencies that hacked our election and constantly praising Putin (including on the same day that Flynn spoke to his ambassador friend). Trump also may have disabled the recording during his first phone call as President with Putin.Things are not looking good for President Asterisk, and they seem to get worse by the day. It s time for Republicans to put country before party and get this lunatic out of office before he gets us all killed.Watch CNN s report on this new development below:Featured image via Getty Images",0
2524, Rand Paul SERIOUSLY Just Told Us Those Investigations Into Hillary Were Partisan Witch Hunts,"A scant few Republicans on Capitol Hill want investigations into Michael Flynn s ties to Russia, and by extension, Trump s. Others are sweeping it away by saying the issue took care of itself with Flynn s resignation. And then there s Rand Paul, who just told us the truth about why they were so insistent on investigating every last little thing about Hillary, but won t investigate Flynn or Trump despite far more demonstrable evidence of treason.While Paul may have a small point when he says it s not always a good idea to do investigation after investigation, that would really only apply if the GOP was impartially doing its job.They aren t. They never were. Paul s actual words were: I just don t think it s useful to be doing investigation after investigation, particularly of your own party. Really. It s a good idea to waste time, effort and money repeatedly investigating Hillary s emails and her handling of Bengazi, but it s not worth it to investigate real treason when it means investigating your own party?Please.At least he s finally admitted it. We already saw this with Jason Chaffetz and other Republicans saying they didn t think they were going to investigate the Trump administration s ties to Russia, but Paul just put it out there in the open.Furthermore, it seems he s suddenly quite interested in doing anything else: We ll never even get started with doing the things we need to do like repealing ObamaCare if we re spending our whole time having Republicans investigate Republicans. I think it makes no sense. But if Flynn and the president were Democrats, it would make all the sense in the world. Paul and others would be screaming  TREASON!  over and over and setting up special independent panels everywhere to get to the bottom of this.It s possible even likely that they re afraid of how all this reflects on them. Make no mistake, it reflects badly. Not only do they look like complete idiots for not stopping Trump during the primaries when they had the chance, but now they look like treasonous hypocrites. The funny thing is, they d be less complicit in the treason if they d investigate it.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
2525, What Dan Rather Has To Say About Trump’s ‘Deadly Serious’ Flynn Scandal Is ‘Chilling’,"On Tuesday afternoon, legendary journalist Dan Rather weighed in on the Trump administration s latest scandal involving former national security advisor Michael Flynn s collusion with Russia. Watergate is the biggest political scandal of my lifetime, until maybe now. It was the closest we came to a debilitating Constitutional crisis, until maybe now,  Rather began. He explained that while he rates Watergate as a 9, and the Flynn scandal is only at a 5 or 6 right now, the situation  is cascading in intensity seemingly by the hour.  In hindsight, he said, we may one day see that  this is at least as big as Watergate.  This  is chilling,  Rather said. When we look back at Watergate, we remember the end of the Nixon Presidency. It came with an avalanche,  Rather continued. But up until then, things had  rumbled along with a low-grade intensity.  Things are different this time around.  This Russia story started out with an avalanche and where we go from here no one really knows,  he explained.We are still less than a month into the Trump Presidency, and many are asking that question made famous by Tennessee Senator Howard Baker those many years ago:  What did the President know, and when did he know it? Rather noted that recent reports indicate that Trump has been aware of Flynn s treasonous conversations for weeks. This leads him to ask,  how far does this go? The White House has no credibility on this issue. Their spigot of lies   can t we finally all agree to call them lies   long ago lost them any semblance of credibility. I would also extend that to the Republican Congress, who has excused away the Trump Administration s assertions for far too long. We need an independent investigation. Damn the lies, full throttle forward on the truth,  declared the famed journalist. He added that truth is definitely proving to be stranger than fiction when it comes to Trump s scandal-ridden presidency. If a scriptwriter had approached Hollywood with what we are witnessing, he or she would probably have been told it was way too far-fetched for even a summer blockbuster. But this is not fiction,  Rather said.  It is real and it is serious. Deadly serious. We deserve answers and those who are complicit in this scandal need to feel the full force of justice. You can read Rather s post in its entirety here: Featured image by Robin Marchant via Getty Images for AWXI",0
2526, REPORT: Russia Taunts And Tests United States As Puppet Trump Continues Fawning Over Putin,"Russia is testing how far Donald Trump will let them go and they are going frighteningly far.The Russian government has been cheering ever since they helped get their puppet in the White House.Trump has signaled that he may pull the United States out of NATO, which would weaken Europe and leave the continent vulnerable to a Russian invasion. Lithuania recently warned that the Russian military is preparing for such an invasion and that the military drill is the largest ever recorded near the borders of the Baltic states.Russia has also been launching cyber attacks and spreading propaganda designed to sway elections so that they can get weak leaders in office around the world. And so far, their strategy is working.Putin has Trump by the balls and he may also have ears in the White House Situation Room, according to American spies who are refusing to provide intelligence to Trump out of fear that Putin would learn about the same information.And now Russia appears to be testing our military resolve as well.On Saturday, Russian fighter jets flew by a United States Navy Destroyer on the Black Sea at a threatening altitude and speed and refused to communicate when queried about the flyovers. The same pattern occurred over  several hours. USS Porter queried all aircraft and received no response,  Captain Danny Hernandez said according to Reuters.  Such incidents are concerning because they can result in accident or miscalculation. The incidents involving the Su-24 were considered to be unsafe and unprofessional by the commanding officer of the Porter because of their high speed and low altitude, while the IL-38 flew at an unusually low altitude, Hernandez said.Another U.S. official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the closest incident that day involved the lone SU-24, which came within 200 yards of the Porter at an altitude of 300 feet (91 meters).Furthermore, Russia is also testing how close they can sail spy vessels to our shorelines.Fox News reported on Tuesday that a Russian spy ship was spotted 70 miles off the Delaware coast and it is unknown where the ship is heading.And if that isn t enough to make you worry about Trump s connections to Russia, the New York Times reports that Russia has deployed ground-based cruise missiles in violation of the treaty that ended the Cold War. The Obama administration protested the move when the missiles were being tested, but Putin waited till Trump took over the White House to actually deploy them.These are all serious warning signs that Russia is poised to launch a war, yet Trump is doing nothing but defending and kissing up to Putin. Russia is literally testing our defenses and getting more aggressive. Prior to Trump, every other modern president has been strong against Russian aggression. But now Russia knows that we have an inept weak leader in the White House who is incapable of standing up to Putin.We can no longer afford to continue letting Congress ignore Trump s relationship with Putin and Russia. Investigations must occur and they need to occur right now. Russia is only getting more aggressive and we need to put them in check and reassure Europe before it is too late.Featured image via screenshot ",0
2527, Kellyanne Conway Gets Caught Tweeting Her Love To A White Supremacist On Twitter,"Kellyanne Conway just embarrassed herself again while also demonstrating just how cozy the Trump administration is with white nationalists.It may be Valentine s Day, but as a public employee who represents Trump on a daily basis, Conway should know better.On Tuesday, a white nationalist Twitter account sent a Valentine s Day message to Conway. Your strength & resiliency in face of vile hatred, bigotry, & sexism of the unhinged Left is a daily inspiration! Love you! Well, if Conway had done a little homework, she would have discovered that the Twitter user is a white nationalist whose account proudly boasts that they  Hate Anti-American Liberals, Marxists, & Commies  with hashtags that say  #WhiteIdentity, #Nationalist, and #SteveBannon. As we all know, Steve Bannon is sympathetic to white nationalists and he is a favorite of white nationalist groups. Bannon is also Donald Trump s top adviser who is likely pulling the strings in the White House.Anyway, Conway told the white racist,  Love you back. After being called out on Twitter, Conway removed the tweet and claimed that someone else tweeted from her account.Seriously. I don t know who had access to my account,  Conway claimed.  Let me see who tweeted that. That s terrible. I denounce whoever it is. It will be immediately deleted. Everybody makes mistakes. Let s just get this straight. Kellyanne Conway works for the so-called  president.  She is one of his top advisers and probably has security clearances. Yet she claims someone she doesn t know managed to gain access to her Twitter account. That s a really pathetic excuse the day after Michael Flynn resigned as National Security Adviser for being a security risk.It s more likely that Conway retweeted the white nationalist and decided to lie about doing so. But either way, Kellyanne Conway looks incompetent.Clearly, Michael Flynn is not the only Trump adviser who should have resigned.Featured Image via screen capture ",0
2528, Neo-Nazis Think They Know Exactly Who Is Responsible For Forcing Flynn Out; Predicts Others Will Fall Too,"After evidence surfaced that suggested Russia had blackmail-worthy dirt on Trump s national security adviser, General Michael Flynn, Flynn was forced to resign on Monday. Some Americans aren t convinced that that was the real reason, though. Some are blaming it on  the Jews. Neo-Nazi writers are upset that retired Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn has resigned from his position as national security adviser. The anti-Semites are lionizing Flynn as  one of our best guys  and a  true patriot  who has  been quite critical of the Jews in the past.  They are also lamenting that his resignation is  definitely a loss   to the Jews  and are speculating that he was pushed out by  more subversive elements in the White House. Source: Media MattersIt s not surprising that Flynn supporters would feel this way. After all, he s one of theirs.The disgraced former national security adviser has repeatedly pushed toxic views. Last July, Flynn shared a tweet that read in part,  Not anymore, Jews. Not Anymore.  (He later apologized.) He claimed on Twitter that  Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL.  Flynn also endorsed the work of racist author Mike Cernovich, who has frequently pushed white nationalist themes on his Twitter account (many of which he later deleted). Cernovich has claimed that  diversity is code for white genocide,   Blacks use guns for murder. Whites use guns to kill themselves,  and  Diversity is bad for national security. The Daily Stormer, which is just one of the Neo-Nazi sites that s gaining popularity since Trump s election, had this to say about Flynn s resignation:This is giving a victory to the kike media.I actually didn t think the block on the travel ban was a loss. I think that was all part of the plan to get the public stirred up against activist judges, to get ready for the Supreme Court to rule on an even more hardcore version of the Moslem ban.But this.This is definitely a loss.To the Jews.Infostormer, another such site, predicts that more are about to fall:We re going to be keeping a much closer eye on the White House factional struggles in the coming days and weeks, because if my senses are correct, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson will likely be the next man attacked for his ties to Russia and Vladimir Putin.The lead-up to the demise of General Flynn was somewhat ignored by us due to the sheer level of nonsense that has been pushed forth by the Lugenpresse lately, but we won t make that mistake again.The Jews are not going to get away with another bullying attack on our regime   they will be called out, and they will be defeated if and when they try again.I can t believe I m about to say this, but I hope the Nazis are right about Tillerson. As for the rest, well, it s not their  regime.  The presidency belongs to the American people all of us, even those of us who are Jewish. If a member of the government is antisemitic or in bed with the Russian government, you d better damned well believe that we will do everything in our power to stop them.Featured image by Mario Tama via Getty Images",0
2529, Office Of Government Ethics Orders White House To Punish Kellyanne Conway For Breaking Law,"Unwilling to do the right thing himself, the United States Office of Government Ethics just sent Trump a letter asking him to punish Kellyanne Conway for her clear violation of the law in promoting Ivanka s clothing line.Conway told a giddy Fox News morning crew that she loves Ivanka s clothing and urged viewers to rush out to buy more of the merchandise   all while standing in the White House briefing room.The OGE, like many independent lawyers, pointed out that this was a blatant violation of conflict of interest laws. Even more infuriating, the White House appears to have made no effort to discipline Conway for a violation that many assumed would end in her termination.Although Press Secretary Sean Spicer stated during a press conference on February 9, 2017, that,  Kellyanne has been counseled, and that s all we re going to go with,  OGE has not yet received notification of any disciplinary or other corrective ation against Ms. Conway. When OFGE has reason to believe that an employee may have violated the Standards of Ethical Conduct for Employees of the Executive Branch, OGE is authorized to recommend that the employing agency investigate the matter and consider taking disciplinary action against the employee.The OGE again reiterated that, given Conway s shameless plug on national television, the evidence is plain to see and that  disciplinary action is warranted. Meanwhile, Trump is busy throwing his national security advisor under the bus after the Washington Post proved that Michael Flynn did, in fact, illegally discuss Russian sanctions with Russia s ambassador to the U.S. before Trump was inaugurated. Conway would represent the second high-profile advisor that Trump would have to jettison for separate ethics violations in a single week   surely some kind of record.So far, Trump has refused to do anything to punish Conway. In fact, he, too, used his station as president to promote his daughter s clothing line, tweeting a hit job on the Nordstrom retail chain for dropping her brand from its stores.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2530, The Internet Can’t Stop Laughing After Sean Spicer Says Trump Is ‘Tough On Russia’,"White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told reporters that Donald Trump is tough on Russia, even though he has heaped praise on Vladimir Putin and never condemned him as a murderous thug.  The irony of this entire situation is that the president has been incredibly tough on Russia,  Spicer said.  He continues to raise the issue of Crimea, which the previous administration allowed to be seized by Russia. His ambassador to the United Nations, stood before the U.N. Security Council on her first day and strongly denounced the Russian occupation of Crimea. Spicer s comments come after Michael Flynn, Trump s national security adviser, resigned Monday night after reports surfaced showing that he lied to Vice President Mike Pence about conversations he had with the Russian ambassador to the United States in regards to sanctions.Following Spicer s comments, the Internet, as it is wont to do, pounced.He didn t even send Putin roses this Valentine s Day. https://t.co/eSBGIB3xRL  Mark Salter (@MarkSalter55) February 14, 2017@ZekeJMiller @PressSec HAHAHAHAHA  John| #TheResistance (@jzirbaskev) February 14, 2017 The irony of this situation is that the President has been incredibly tough on Russia    #Spicy pic.twitter.com/iKmzVYr0Q0  Rachel Jogo (@idreamofgoodgov) February 14, 2017Spicer just said: Irony of this entire situation is that Pres Trump has been incredibly tough on Russia. What the F is he talking about?  Resistance DB (@davebernstein) February 14, 2017 The irony of this entire situation is that the president has been incredibly tough on Russia. Like rain on your wedding day.  Matthew Yglesias (@mattyglesias) February 14, 2017Ha! @PressSEC @SeanSpicer just said @RealDonaldTrump  has been tough on Russia.  Beyond laughable! #TrumpLiesMatter  rolandsmartin (@rolandsmartin) February 14, 2017Spicer s idea of Trump being hard on Russia pic.twitter.com/T0oADOHVhY  Karyn Brown (@KarynKaryn2543) February 14, 2017Spicy just claimed that Trump has been incredibly tough on Russia, and I laughed so hard I think I peed a little!#flynn #RESIST  Regi Brittain (@RegiBrittain) February 14, 2017But Spicer is more concerned over leaks from Washington instead of the Russia-Flynn connection.White House: President Trump is  very, very concerned  over leaks https://t.co/9mLuLUy6LD https://t.co/KPEoPGBsmB  CNN (@CNN) February 14, 2017Trump s ongoing bromance with Vladimir Putin is well documented, and in light of Flynn s resignation, raises major suspicion about the true nature of that relationship. His praise of Putin, who has had his critics murdered, is appalling.Featured image by Sean Gallup via Getty Images",0
2531, Trump Was Whining About White House Leaks. Chrissy Teigen Just Hit Back And It Is BRILLIANT (TWEET),"It s mind baffling that Donald Trump still hasn t learned not to make stupid comments on Twitter, especially since people like model Chrissy Teigen are always sure to fire back with some seriously epic burns.During the campaign, Teigen was an outspoken supporter of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton and made sure to shoot Trump down on Twitter whenever she could. Now that Trump is in the White House, Teigen has decided to turn it up even more   and The Donald isn t going to like it. Following General Michael Flynn s resignation last night, Trump took to Twitter this morning to whine about the  illegal leaks coming out of Washington    and he s going to wish he hadn t.It was a tweet that seriously lacked self-awareness, considering that just last weekend Trump held an impromptu national security meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Shinz  Abe right in front of dinner party guests. While Teigen didn t bother pointing that out, she made sure to remind Trump that everyone hates him. She fired back: This is what happens when your staff hates you. Beyonce s staff are more leakproof than yours. Ouch! Twitter loved Teigen for pointing this out, because Beyonc s team has been known to be tight-lipped, having somehow kept a wedding, pregnancy and major albums completely secret in the past.Teigen is right   Trump appointed several untrustworthy, unqualified people and now he s suffering for it. It is insane that just three weeks into his presidency, one of his administration members is resigning. The chaos and confusion (as well as overwhelming disapproval from the American people) has been unprecedented, and Trump seems to only make things worse for himself every time he complains about it on Twitter. There will always be people like Teigen who aren t afraid to hit back and expose Trump for the moron he is   and we should be thankful for them.Featured image via Michael Buckner and Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
2532," Joy Behar HUMILIATES Trump For Flynn Resignation, Says What We’re ALL Thinking (VIDEO)","Donald Trump and his incompetent, corrupt team got their a**es handed to them today on The View, following the massive controversy surrounding the resignation of General Mike Flynn from his role as National Security Advisor last night.This was a topic that co-host Joy Behar could not wait to get into, as she ripped into Trump and sarcastically said what most of us have been thinking about the Flynn situation: I thought he knew more than the generals! He knows everything else, right? Exactly. Trump spend his entire presidential campaign acting like he knew more than everyone else, and even remarked that he knew  more than the generals  do about ISIS. Now more than ever, Trump has proven that his statements were complete lies   and this fiasco with General Flynn exposes it perfectly. If Trump had known everything, he would have known that Flynn was speaking with Russian officials and that Flynn had lied to VP Mike Pence about his communications with Russia.Behar was hardly the only host on The View who wanted to say something about it   co-hosts Jedediah Bila and Whoopi Goldberg jumped at the chance to weigh in. Bila slammed Trump and his team for being so reckless with their appointments and for dropping the ball. She said: There s no way that he didn t know about it. Everyone went and said,  Look, this could potentially compromise our national security because this guy may potentially get bribed.  Then what happens? Kellyanne Conway has the responsibility to be informed. This is falling on the heels of her having that huge controversy promoting Ivanka [Trump] s line and now she s out there talking about,  I didn t know.  No, it s your job to know and it s Donald Trump s job to know. If there is someone in your administration that could potentially jeopardize our national security, that becomes our problem and it s your job to protect us. That s your one job! Goldberg also shredded Trump, stating that this is what happens when highly problematic, unqualified people are put in positions  just to piss people off. The entire show was filled with sarcasm and shots directed at Trump and his administration. This was one of The View s best anti-Trump segments, and you can watch the hosts go off on our should-be-impeached president below:Featured image via screenshot and Steve Pope / Getty Images",0
2533, Hypocrite Republicans Refuse To Investigate Flynn Scandal,"After years of investigating Hillary Clinton over Benghazi despite her resignation, Republicans are hypocritically refusing to investigate Michael Flynn.Donald Trump s national security adviser Michael Flynn resigned late on Monday night after getting busted for negotiating with the Russians while President Obama was still in office.Flynn s actions violated the Logan Act, which bars citizens from negotiating with foreign powers. Flynn s connections with Vladimir Putin run deep, and the Justice Department warned Trump last month that Flynn was at risk of being blackmailed by the Russians. Still, Trump kept Flynn on his team and even let him continue participating in meetings.Flynn, the national security adviser, was literally a national security threat and Trump refused to act.This comes months after an election that was tainted by interference from the Russians, and Republicans have yet to investigate that.And they are not going to investigate the Flynn scandal either.GOP Rep. Jason Chaffetz told reporters on Tuesday,  I think that situation has taken care of itself. I think he did the right thing stepping down. By that logic, the Benghazi investigation should have ended after Clinton stepped down as Secretary of State in February 2013. But Republicans continued the investigation into December 2016.Chaffetz then passed the buck by claiming that the House Intelligence Committee is responsible for investigating Flynn, not the Oversight Committee.When asked by reporters if he would launch an investigation, House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes said he doesn t plan to do so and even went on to praise Flynn in the hope that the scandal will be swept under the rug.Here s the lawmaker who should be investigating Flynn and Trump s Russia ties, House Intel Chair Devin Nunes.Really taking this seriously. pic.twitter.com/ygfiajpYq3  Matt Fuller (@MEPFuller) February 14, 2017And so, Republicans once again demonstrate that they are complete hypocrites.Republicans like Chaffetz spent years and wasted millions of taxpayer dollars to investigate Hillary Clinton over Benghazi. It was a witch hunt that went beyond the amount of time Congress spent investigating 9/11 and in the end it found nothing.Republicans literally accused Clinton of  national security malpractice  even though it was their cuts of diplomatic security funding that played a role in the lack of security at the consulate.Nothing Hillary Clinton could have done in response would have saved the four Americans who died in the attack. Furthermore, there have been even deadlier terrorist attacks against American embassies overseas that did not result in investigations, especially when such attacks occurred under Republican administrations.But Michael Flynn broke the law, lied about his phone calls with the Russian ambassador, and was a national security threat because of his closeness to the Russians, particularly Putin, and was at risk of being blackmailed.This is a major scandal of the Trump administration and the American people are demanding a lengthy and thorough investigation by Congress. The fact that Republicans don t want to do it shows how little credibility these lawmakers have. They don t really care about our national security. They only care about launching investigations for political gain.They are hypocrites and they should be ousted from office in favor of people who will conduct a proper investigation into this matter. And when that investigation exposes Trump s collusion with Russia we ll all know why Republicans didn t want to investigate Flynn. Because protecting the party is more important to them than protecting America.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2534, This Newspaper Is Filing A Lawsuit Against A Republican Lawmaker For Calling Them ‘Fake News’,"Donald Trump better watch out because news organizations aren t going to take being called  fake news  anymore.If the Daily Sentinel files a defamation lawsuit against a Republican Colorado state senator it could trigger an avalanche of lawsuits by news organizations across the country.On Wednesday, the Sentinel published an opinion piece demanding that GOP state Senator Ray Scott allow an open records bill to pass the committee he chairs.Public records laws are important tools for combating misinformation and getting to the truth. But the state has no obligation to provide electronic records in useful formats that easily lend themselves to analysis.Senate Bill 40 would change that. The bill requires records custodians to provide records in digital forms if kept that way and requested as such. If a government agency keeps records in an Excel spreadsheet, for example, it should deliver them via open records request in the same format   not paper copies or PDFs, which aren t searchable, sortable or easy to aggregate.But first SB40 has to get past the same Senate committee that killed a similar version last year. The State, Veterans and Military Affairs Committee was supposed to consider the bill on Monday but Republican Sen. Ray Scott of Grand Junction, who chairs the committee, said it wouldn t be heard as scheduled. SB 40 deserves a fair hearing before the full Senate,  the Sentinel continued.  We call on our own Sen. Scott to announce a new committee hearing date and move this bill forward. Open records shouldn t be a partisan issue. We have a difficult time understanding why anyone would oppose easier access to government data, which belongs to the public. Well, Scott didn t like being called out so he responded by accusing the Sentinel of being  fake news. The very liberal GJ Sentinel is attempting to apply pressure for me to move a bill,  Scott wrote.  They have no facts, as usual, and tried to call me out on SB 40 know as the CORA bill. They haven t contacted me to get any information on why the bill has been delayed but choose to run a fake news story demanding I run the bill. You may have a barrel of ink but it just splashed in your face. We have our own fake news in Grand Junction.. The very liberal GJ Sentinel is attempting to apply (more: https://t.co/VYmpfgM6X9 )  Ray Scott (@SCOTTFORCOLO) February 9, 2017Once again, a Republican attacked the media by calling them  fake news  in response to a story they don t like.As we have seen on the national level, news outlets have begun directly calling out Donald Trump whenever he refers to a media outlet as  fake news. But the Daily Sentinel is going a step further, and if they succeed, Donald Trump, Kellyanne Conway, and other Republicans should be more careful about what they say. Setting aside for the moment the mischaracterizations and mistakes in Sen. Scott s tweet, (though it is true we were not able to reach him about why he canceled the hearing) the concern for me is the allegation that the Sentinel peddles  fake news,  wrote Sentinel publisher Jay Seaton.  His tweet is patently, provably false. Worse, he made his false statement knowingly for the purpose of diminishing the only real asset this newspaper has: its credibility. Seaton is letting things cool down for the moment, but is planning on filing a defamation lawsuit against Scott.This would be a huge deal since the Sentinel would be the first news outlet to sue a lawmaker for calling them  fake news. Keep in mind that Donald Trump has repeatedly called CNN, the New York Times and other mainstream media outlets  fake news  on Twitter and during press conferences. So have other members of his administration in response to stories they don t like.Imagine if all of these news outlets got together and filed a massive defamation lawsuit against Trump.It would be monumental and Trump would be in serious trouble, too, because he would have to prove his  fake news  claims in court. Meanwhile, the media has demonstrated on multiple occasions that Trump is wrong whenever he accuses them of running  fake news  stories.In short, Donald Trump should really stop calling the media  fake news.  They have a case against him and if this lawsuit by the Daily Sentinel moves forward and succeeds, more lawsuits of this nature could be forthcoming and Trump would be the top target.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2535, Trump Whines About ‘Illegal Leaks’ About His Administration’s Wrongdoings And Gets CREAMED (TWEETS),"Following Michael Flynn s resignation after he was busted lying about the nature of his conversations with the Russians, Donald Trump came clean with America: he admitted that Flynn had discussed sanctions during those conversations and pledged to launch an investigation into the full extent of his dealings with a hostile foreign power in some alternate reality. In this one, he threw a tantrum on Twitter because he s a child. The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?  Trump tweeted Tuesday morning.The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on N.Korea etc?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 14, 2017That s right   the fact that we, the American people, found out that Flynn had been colluding with the same government that hacked our election on Trump s behalf and ran an aggressive propaganda campaign to discredit Hillary Clinton, is the issue. Not that it was happening in the first place. Not that Trump fired the acting Attorney General shortly after she warned him that Flynn had lied. To Trump, the real issue is that we are finding out what is going on.Ironically, he seems to be unaware that one of his guests at the Mar-a-Lago snapped photos of the guy carrying the  nuclear football  and named him on social media   or, of course, that all of his guests had a full view of secure documents as Trump perused them over dinner by the lights of his minions  cell phone flashlights.Bannon & Flynn used phone flashlights for Trump read most secure N Korea docs w/waiters serving. Maybe Rs can scream more about HRC emails https://t.co/e7Dj8CaH8M  Gene Sperling (@genebsperling) February 13, 2017The Verge recently published a video demonstrating how easy it is to hack a cell phone camera: The concern is a hot mic attack, in which a hacker uses the compromised phone to record private conversations. But as our demo showed, it s just as easy to compromise the camera, allowing the attacker to see whatever is in front of the phone,  the publication s Russell Brandom writes in an article on the North Korea dinner debacle.  That s usually not as useful, provided the target doesn t physically hold up the phone and point it at sensitive intelligence documents, but here we are. In other words, the only problems are Trump and his team, and the only concern of compromised intelligence lies with him and the people he selected to run our country into the ground.Naturally, Americans reminded him who is the boss:@realDonaldTrumpYour administration got caught breaking the law then lying about it.Flynn didn t lie to Pence.You lied to us.  Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) February 14, 2017.@realDonaldTrump no the story is why we're you covering for Flynn?  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump You can't praise leaks the entire election and then complain now. pic.twitter.com/qT21yZhqE9  Mark Pygas (@MarkPygas) February 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump And these ""illegal leaks"" are keeping our democracy intact.  Ben Berkon (@BenBerkon) February 14, 2017@chrissyteigen @realDonaldTrump It's also what happens when you review sensitive info in crowded dining room w/ guests & staffers around  Brian Leibforth (@bleibforth) February 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump and to answer your question: yes. As long as you continue to try to treat America like the Titanic, the leaks will continue  Alex Zalben (@azalben) February 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump YOU DEALT WITH NORTH KOREA IN PLAIN SIGHT OF ALL THE OTHER RICH KIDS AT MAR A LOOGEY YOU CHODE  Sara   Schaefer (@saraschaefer1) February 14, 2017You mean leaks like this @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/FSTl0XTO5K  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) February 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump hey if youre concerned about N Korea leaks maybe don't deal with international crises in the middle of a fucking restaurant  i have died (@ChrisCaesar) February 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump You mean the leaks that are coming from your own staff? Are you complaining to us about the staff you put together?  Gordon S. Murray (@A1designguy) February 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump Because the crooks you hired are snitching on you. Shut the fuck up and resign and move to Russia you corrupt prick.  Megarock Radio (@megarockradio) February 14, 2017@realDonaldTrump So you're saying Flynn would still be there, but for the leaks? No, Twitler, your tweet just became the real story.  Skeller85 (@skeller85) February 14, 2017The Intercept notes that Trump makes the lives of foreign spies so easy that they  must be bored :Tommy Vietor, a former National Security Council spokesperson for President Obama, pointed to another vulnerability exposed by the scene at Mar-a-Lago: the possibility that waiters at the club, who continued dinner service during the discussion of North Korea s missile test, could be recruited by foreign intelligence services.For a clue as to just how easy that might be, consider that the Palm Beach Post reported in December that Mar-a-Lago hires dozens of temporary foreign workers each year, using the federal government s H-2B visa program.It was not immediately clear where the foreign workers at Mar-a-Lago come from, but another club in the area told members that workers hired under the same visa program come from Romania, Ireland, and South Africa.Donald Trump represents perhaps the greatest danger our nation has ever faced   and it is up to each and every one of us to oppose him in every way possible.#Resist.Featured image via screengrab",0
2536, WATCH: Matt Lauer Just CRUSHED Kellyanne Conway’s Bullsh*t Defense Of Flynn And Trump,"Donald Trump s national security adviser Michael Flynn has resigned in disgrace, and Kellyanne Conway should do the same after this disastrous interview.While President Obama was still in office, Flynn contacted the Russian ambassador to talk about lifting the sanctions placed upon them in retaliation for interfering with our election process.This is a violation of the Logan Act, which bars citizens from negotiating with foreign powers.Trump was not in office yet, so Flynn was not yet in his official position either, which means he broke the law.Flynn also lied to Mike Pence about the contact and Acting Attorney General Sally Yates had warned Trump of Flynn s actions last month and warned him that Flynn could be blackmailed by the Russians.Trump would later fire Yates, but kept Flynn on staff despite the illegal actions and threat of blackmail.Then on Monday night, Flynn resigned. But Kellyanne Conway insists that Flynn had Trump s  full confidence  up until the very end when he all of a sudden changed his mind. I think misleading the vice president really was the key here,  Conway told Matt Lauer on the TODAY Show on Tuesday morning.  I spoke with the president this morning, and he asked me to speak on his behalf, and to reiterate that Mike Flynn had resigned. He decided that this situation had become unsustainable for him. But that was not good enough for Lauer, who proceeded to call Conway out. You re saying that was the straw that broke the camel s back, but the White House knew about that last month when the Justice Department warned the White House that General Flynn had not been completely honest in characterizing that conversation with the Russian ambassador. Lauer went on to remind Conway that the Justice Department further warned Trump that Flynn was a blackmail risk.Conway responded by repeating her previous statement and even admitted that Flynn was still present at meetings. Lauer was not amused. Kellyanne, that makes no sense! Last month, the Justice Department warned the White House that General Flynn had mislead them! And that as a result he was vulnerable to blackmail. And at that moment he still had the complete trust of the president? Conway then insisted that the media move on and stop reporting on the scandal.Here s the video via Twitter. That makes no sense.  @MLauer to @KellyannePolls while discussing Trump s former national security adviser Michael Flynn pic.twitter.com/94SaFlQJxo  TODAY (@TODAYshow) February 14, 2017This is a major scandal because it exposes the fact that Trump is incapable of controlling his own staff and that he will continue to trust his friends even if they are dirty. Trump s national security adviser was a threat to national security and Trump didn t do anything about it. Trump should have to answer for that and if he doesn t like it he should resign.Featured image via screenshot",0
2537, Hillary BRILLIANTLY Trolls Trump As His Fledgling Administration Plunges Further Into Chaos (TWEET),"No matter what you think of former First Lady, Senator, Secretary of State, and Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton or her politics, there is one thing that cannot be denied: She would have been a competent president. However, thanks to a range of factors, Donald Trump beat her in the electoral college, and now we are stuck with the dangerous incompetence of Team Trump.The latest development after the three weeks of crazy that has been the beginning of the Trump regime is the fact that General Michael Flynn, Trump s now-former National Security Adviser, has resigned amid a flurry of chaos and scandal regarding conversations he had with a Russian official regarding sanctions before the Trump administration took over the White House.In an  I told you so  moment, Hillary weighed in on what was happening with Team Trump. This comes after one of Hillary s supporters, former Deputy Secretary of State Phillipe Reines, tweeted a snide remark regarding the fact that General Flynn and his son, Michael Flynn Jr, had participated in spreading fake news regarding #Pizzagate, a false story alleging that Hillary and her campaign chair, John Podesta, ran a child sex ring out of a Washington, DC pizza parlor. Of course this was not true, and absurd and ridiculous to anyone with half a brain, but some Trump supporters believed it wholeheartedly. This resulted in a man opening fire in the pizza joint, a popular family place called Comet Pizza.Hillary retweeted Reines, and added her own comment, thusly:Philippe's got his own way of saying things, but he has a point about the real consequences of fake news  https://t.co/a02sXiaHfp  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 14, 2017Of course, Hillary and Phillipe are right. Not only have these lies from Team Trump come back to bite them, but said lies had very real consequences. Keep calling them out, Hillary. Trump may have won some key states, but remember   you won the popular vote. You also warned America that this would happen. Godspeed, sister. Welcome to #TheResistance.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
2538, Trump Official ADMITS He Is Collecting ‘Dossiers’ To Blackmail Journalists Into Submission,"Reality TV star Omarosa Manigault has found herself a pretty sweet position in the Trump administration as the director of communications for the Office of Public Liason   but like all of Trump s team, she is learning that the old adage involving loose lips and sinking vessels (like the Trump administration) applies to her current role.With General Flynn s resignation over his suspicious conversation about sanctions with one of Vladimir Putin s lackeys and all the other disasters Trump has caused, whined about, and made worse through his attempts to clean up his mess, the last thing he needs is one of his people revealing that his administration is collecting information they intend to use to blackmail the press but enter Omarosa.American Urban Radio Networks  White House correspondent April Ryan says that last Wendesday Omarosa threatened her outside the West Wing both physically and otherwise:Manigault, who is now a communications official in the Trump administration, got into a heated argument with a White House reporter just steps from the Oval Office last week, according to witnesses. The reporter, April Ryan, said Manigault  physically intimidated  her in a manner that could have warranted intervention by the Secret Service.Ryan also said Manigault made verbal threats, including the assertion that Ryan was among several journalists on whom Trump officials had collected  dossiers  of negative information.Manigault, a onetime friend of Ryan s, declined to address Ryan s accusations on the record, offering only this emailed statement:  My comment: Fake news!  She did not specify what she considered false.As we have learned by now, when the Trump administration cries  fake news,  the allegations are generally true. Despite Manigault s denials, multiple witnesses confirm that the altercation did take place, with one remarking that the Trump official s actions were  Secret Serviceable,  meaning that it was a situation in which law enforcement needs to intervene.This isn t the first time Omarosa has informed the public of the Trump administration s plan to deal with those they view as enemies. In November, Manigault told the Independent Journal Review that  we re keeping a list  of people who have defied Trump. It s so great our enemies are making themselves clear so that when we get in to the White House, we know where we stand,  she said at the time.If a Trump official admitting that the administration is keeping lists of enemies and compiling  dossiers  for blackmail doesn t concern you, then there is something wrong.Featured image via Getty Images",0
2539, Michael Flynn’s Resignation Letter Omits One CRUCIAL Fact While Also Kissing Trump’s Orange Ass,"Michael Flynn s sudden resignation in the wake of a growing scandal that he was in contact with Russia over the sanctions we slapped on them probably surprised absolutely no one   except perhaps those who think Donald Trump is perfect. Flynn recently admitted that he  may have  discussed those sanctions with Russia, and then, with the news that the Justice Department had already warned the Trump administration about him, everything just blew up.Fox News (of all outlets) published his resignation letter in its entirety, and it s not the letter of someone who knows he screwed up. It s the letter of someone who s still hoping that the White House will give him some favorable treatment. It s the letter of someone who s sucking up majorly in the wake of his fuck-up.It s the letter of someone who won t admit he was wrong in any way, shape or form. After claiming that his talks with Russia and other countries were simply to make the transition of power as smoothly as possible, he said: Unfortunately, because of the fast pace of events, I inadvertently briefed the Vice President Elect and others with incomplete information regarding my phone calls with the Russian Ambassador. I have sincerely apologized to the President and the Vice President, and they have accepted my apology. Leave out the  fast pace of events,  and  I inadvertently,  and you ve got an admission of wrongdoing. Otherwise, he s basically saying,  Yeah, I lied, but it wasn t my fault I lied. Then he says it s been his honor to serve the American people  in such a distinguished way,  after talking about his  integrity  in performing his duties throughout a 33 year-long military career. His career is distinguished, yes, but it s been forever tarnished by his behavior, even if he isn t willing to acknowledge that in his resignation.The end of the letter, though, is nothing but one big, long, sloppy kiss on Trump s ass: I am also extremely honored to have served President Trump, who in just three weeks, has reoriented American foreign policy in fundamental ways to restore America s leadership position in the world.As I step away once again from serving my nation in this current capacity, I wish to thank President Trump for his personal loyalty, the friendship of those who I worked with throughout the hard fought campaign, the challenging period of transition, and during the early days of his presidency.I know with the strong leadership of President Donald J. Trump and Vice President Mike Pence and the superb team they are assembling, this team will go down in history as one of the greatest presidencies in U.S. history, and I firmly believe the American people will be well served as they all work together to help Make America Great Again. Yeah, that really sounds like he s hoping they ll give him some kind of favorable treatment down the road instead of cutting him loose and disavowing him, or something. It is, in its way, a good resignation letter, but it just reeks of ass-kissing and  this wasn t my fault. Flynn is, we hope, just the first domino to fall in a corrupt administration that s intent on selling us out to one of our greatest enemies. Goodbye, and good riddance, sir. Read his full letter here.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
2540, BREAKING: Russia Scandal EXPLODES In Trump Admin.; Top Russian Stooge Is OUT,"Donald Trump and his entire administration seem to be nothing more than Russian stooges. And no, this is not merely rumor; after all, even the intelligence community is so sure that the Kremlin has infiltrated Team Trump that they are withholding key intelligence from the White House. Now, it seems that things have gotten so hot that Trump s loyal and treasured national security adviser, Retired General Michael Flynn, has resigned.This move comes after a flurry of reports concerning Flynn s pre-inauguration contacts with Russian officials. At first, the Trump team   including Mike Pence   went on national television and gave the whole  nothing to see here  speech regarding the phone calls. Flynn even flat-out denied speaking about important matters, such as sanctions, with the Russians.Then, within the last few days, it was revealed that there were transcripts of the calls, and indeed, they reveal that Flynn discussed the sanctions that the United States had leveled against Russia in retaliation for interfering in the presidential race in order to help elect Trump. Apparently, Flynn lied to Pence about this, thus forcing Pence to lie to the American people. All of this seems to be too hot to handle for the Trump White House, so late Monday night, the news that Flynn was gone broke via CNN:CNN: Two sources tell CNN Michael Flynn has resigned.@SaraMurray @GloriaBorger  Shimon Prokupecz (@ShimonPro) February 14, 2017 Here is a tweeted copy of the resignation letter from Flynn:Breaking: text of Flynn's resignation letter pic.twitter.com/KGue1cJFzL  Zeke Miller (@ZekeJMiller) February 14, 2017This administration is clearly compromised by Vladimir Putin and the Kremlin. There needs to be a thorough vetting of everyone in the Trump White House, and if there is evidence of criminal activity of any kind, those people need to prosecuted   and yes, that includes the president, Donald Trump. Our very security and lives and the survival of the republic depends on it.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
2541, Protesters BEAUTIFULLY Troll Jason Chaffetz After He Accuses Them Of Being Paid,"What is with the GOP accusing protesters of being paid to protest their events? Do they think it s impossible that so many people are actually upset? Maybe they re taking lessons from Donald Trump on that issue.Last week, Jason Chaffetz found himself on the wrong side of people who are angry that he attacked Hillary so aggressively, but won t even raise the question of investigating Trump for much worse transgressions. He told Salt Lake City-based Deseret News that he knew people were paid to try and bully and intimidate him at his town hall.All that kind of an accusation does is galvanize those who are protesting, and these people found a unique way to respond: They re sending him invoices for their appearances at his town hall. The invoice is circulating online and charges Chaffetz $100 per hour for  paid protest,  and two additional $50 charges for  being callously dismissed by representative,  and  being labeled out-of-state radical. Check it out:If you re one of the constituents @jasoninthehouse has accused of being a paid protester, follow this person s lead & send him an invoice. pic.twitter.com/np0ZXYGWwS  Kevin M. Kruse (@KevinMKruse) February 11, 2017Chaffetz denigrated the protesters at his town hall further when he said: You could see it online a couple days before, a concerted effort in part to just cause chaos. Democrats are in disbelief that they have nothing but flailing and screaming to defend this. I ll never satisfy their desire to bring down [President] Donald Trump. Considering how he vowed to continue investigating Hillary Clinton even after she lost the election because of some emails, it s pretty clear that he considers it his job to bring down Democrats, not investigate possible government abuses, security breaches, etc.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2542, The Internet Is LOVING Trump’s Embarrassingly Awkward Handshake With Canada’s Prime Minister (TWEETS),"During a brief photo-op in the Oval Office, Canada s Prime Minister was forced to ensure something most of us would never dream of doing: touching Donald Trump. The two shook hands for the cameras   a handshake that lasted a full 13 seconds less than Trump s recent one with Japan s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. All in all, it was an inconsequential moment   but the moments leading up to the moment Justin Trudeau realized he had to make skin-to-skin contact with The Donald caught the attention of the nation.As Trump extended his hand, Trudeau stared at it like it was a pile of sh*t he had just been asked to eat on a reality show.An accurate representation of what Canadians think of us #TrudeauMeetsTrump pic.twitter.com/pWvnmxSvgo  Elisabeth Ashlee (@lis_ashlee) February 13, 2017Justin Trudeau is looking at Trump's hand like he just read the Russian Dossier pic.twitter.com/XGpGF7O7LG  Matthew A. Cherry (@MatthewACherry) February 13, 2017THIS IS HILARIOUS! ???#trudeautrump #trumphandshake #TrumpMeetsTrudeau pic.twitter.com/6R2TlhyOK7  The Hummingbird (@Alifaith55) February 13, 2017A gift from the #GOP to #Canada but #PrimeMinister #Trudeau says ""no thanks.""#trumphandshake #TrumpMeetsTrudeau #Trumpshake #SoCalledPOTUS pic.twitter.com/yg6V8V2yaZ  GREEN Photoshops (@erikjburch) February 13, 2017@JustinTrudeau The US is sorry you had to waste a day with @realDonaldTrump #TrudeauMeetsTrump pic.twitter.com/cf6PGJYm7D  Bean (@roll_tack) February 13, 2017#Trump letting his #Bannogram do all of the work again . #TrudeauMeetsTrump pic.twitter.com/1lDbHn1Uoa  Kinobick (@kinobick) February 13, 2017Ummm  No  #TrudeauMeetsTrump #trudeautrump #TinyHands @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/MqzFTgBKKT  Jonathan Paulson (@jdpaulson) February 13, 2017#TrudeauMeetsTrumpTrump claims this was left behind by Obama. pic.twitter.com/hw5rJf5Tf3  Bluehart ?? ?? (@Bluehart007) February 13, 2017#TrudeauMeetsTrump pic.twitter.com/FXzLGjLBd9  James McPherson (@JimBMcPherson) February 13, 2017This does not bode well.#TrudeauMeetsTrump pic.twitter.com/a0yk7eG7z2  Andy Cole (@AndyCole84) February 13, 2017AND HERE IS A PHOTO OF DONALD TRUMP SHOWING JUSTIN TRUDEAU HIS PET PAUL RYAN! #TrudeauMeetsTrump pic.twitter.com/s2uZbgka2g  Chris Daniels (@sirchrisdaniels) February 13, 2017Trudeau was pretty clearly embarrassed by having to shake Trump s hand, but he was doing his best not to ruffle any feathers so he took that moment like a champ. While Canada s leader acted in a manner befitting his office (unlike a certain orange buffoon we know), he has been quite critical of The Donald in the past.Asked about Trump before he was sworn into office, Trudeau told reporters, there are things that we hold dear that the Americans haven t prioritized.  Then he explained what some of those things are: And I m never going to shy away from standing up for what I believe in,  he said,  whether it s proclaiming loudly to the world that I am a feminist, whether it s understanding that immigration is a source of strength for us and Muslim Canadians are an essential part of the success of our country today and into the future. Trudeau added that he hoped to nevertheless  have a constructive working relationship with the incoming American administration,  saying,  These are issues that are things we can have discussions on and respectful disagreements on with our neighbors to the south, if indeed we have to have disagreements on them. The last thing Canadians expect,  Trudeau said during his visit, is for me to come down and lecture another country on how they choose to govern themselves. Trudeau was polite, but he may be our greatest ally in opposing Donald Trump s hateful agenda   That s the fear expressed by right-wing vomit-bin and unofficial Trump propaganda outlet, Breitbart, anyway.Trudeau is everything an American President should be. Can we just, you know, surrender to Canada?Featured image via screengrab",0
2543," Trump Wants More White House Staffers, What He Wants Them To Do Is SHAMEFUL (TWEETS)","Donald Trump has just come up with a new way to make his failing administration even worse, and it s going to make most Americans sick to their stomachs.Trump is not only seeking to hire more horrible people to work for him, but what he wants these sought-after employees to do is even worse   he wants them to solely focus on his social media promotion. CNN s Jim Acosta reported this horrifying new addition to the Trump administration on Twitter:Seriously, the last thing this country needs is more people tweeting and posting from Trump s accounts; most of us have already had more than we can stand. While Dan Scavino has been almost singlehandedly managing Trump s tweets as the narcissistic POTUS comes up with them, having staffers to help him out will certainly allow him to cover more ground. Acosta reported even more staffing decisions up ahead: The White House is expected to make more high-profile hiring decisions soon as a search is under way for a new communications director. White House press secretary Sean Spicer is currently handling both jobs, roles that are typically carried out by two staffers. While more visibility and transparency isn t a bad thing under normal circumstances, most of us know that this is a horrible idea for Trump s administration. Trump has already been extremely reckless in his social media use   just take a look below at some of Trump s security gaffes from this weekend alone:Clearly, giving Trump more exposure is far from a good thing as he s sure to turn the highest office in the country into a circus. If anything, having more hands in his social media operations is only going to allow him to destroy America s future faster than ever, making us all look incredibly stupid at the same time.Featured image via Matthew Cavanaugh / Getty Images",0
2544," Trump Embarrasses U.S., Brags About Election Win In Joint Press Conference With Trudeau (VIDEO)","Amateur president Donald Trump met with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Monday to speak in a joint press conference, and he thoroughly embarrassed the U.S. again by feeding his ego in front of the entire world. The topic of Syrian refugees was brought up by a reporter, and of course, Trump had to bring up his election victory. President Trump, you seemed to suggest that Syrian refugees are a Trojan horse for potential terrorism, while the prime minister hugs refugees and welcomes them with open arms,  a reporter asked.  Are you confident the northern border is secure? You can never be totally confident,  Trump replied. Trump heaped praise on Department of Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly for doing a  great job  of deporting  very, very hardened criminals  so far, as reported by Talking Points Memo. That s what I said I would do. I m just doing what I said I would do, and we won by a very, very large electoral college vote,  Trump said.Trump went on to say that he  knew  he would win the election. That s an odd statement to make since he admitted to being surprised that he won after the election during his thank you tour following the election. I knew this is what people were wanting. That wasn t the only reason, that wasn t my only thing that we did so well on, but that was something that was very important,  Trump said.  I think that in the end, everyone is going to be extremely happy. And I will tell you right now, a lot of people are very, very happy right now. Watch:A lot of people are not  very happy right now  as Trump suggested. His approval rating is tanking like the Titanic. Before taking the oath of office, Trump s approval rating as president-elect was the worst in modern history, and it s gotten even worse since Inauguration Day. Trump s disapproval rating has risen 5 percentage points since just last week. Since his  election,  Trump has witnessed mass protests across the country. The Women s March on Washington, which took place the day after he was sworn in, garnered a far larger crowd than his inauguration. Nope, people are not  happy right now,  but he knows that. That s why he repeatedly brings up his election victory and most times, tries to claim he won the popular vote by saying that 3 million people voted illegally in the U.S. election. That s nearly the same number by which Hillary Clinton won the popular vote.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images.",0
2545, Trump’s Friend Snaps Pic With Guy Holding ‘Nuclear Football’ And Identifies Him On Facebook (SCREENSHOTS),"One of the guests at what Trump calls the  Winter White House    his private business in Florida  really got to feel the privilege associated with being able to drop $200,000 on a membership fee to gain access to the President on Saturday. Guests were treated to quite a bit of excitement when a call came in that North Korea had launched a missile and Trump read over confidential documents in full view of everyone as his white supremacist staffers held their cell phones  flashlights on it so he could see properly at the dinner table.Richard DeAgazio, one of the rich guests who somehow gets access to the President simply by paying him money, posted about watching Trump deal with the North Korea news   complete with photos of Trump reviewing information that is supposed to be secure.But that s not all DeAgazio posted! He also snapped a photo with the guy whose job it is to carry the  nuclear football.  Now the existence of the  football  is, of course, not a national secret. Hillary Clinton, for example, warned us that it is dangerous to place something so dangerous in Donald Trump s care. But DeAgazio made sure our enemies know who has it, what he looks like, and what his name is. This is Rick He carries the  football  The nuclear football (also known as the atomic football, the President s emergency satchel, the Presidential Emergency Satchel, the button, the black box, or just the football) is a briefcase, the contents of which are to be used by the President of the United States to authorize a nuclear attack while away from fixed command centers, such as the White House Situation Room,  he posted on Facebook along with a photo of Rick, whom he says is the Man. All it costs is $200,000 and literally anyone is able to get within inches of access to our nuclear secrets   an interesting fact given The Donald s constant stream of attacks on Hillary Clinton simply for using a private email server. This, of course, is a small matter when compared to Trump s friends exposing details related to our national secrets on social media in real time.I never want to hear about emails again. On the plus, we finally figured out what it takes for one of Trump s rich white buddies to be willing to touch a black man.Featured image via Facebook",0
2546, WATCH: CNN Host HUMILIATES Trump Supporter For Providing Laughable ‘Evidence’ Of Nationwide Voter Fraud,"One of Trump s biggest supporters just got their ass handed to them for having zero evidence of voter fraud.Donald Trump s lies about voter fraud imploded on Monday as CNN tore apart Kris Kobach, the man Stephen Miller cited when asked if he had evidence to prove Trump s claims.Miller repeatedly claimed that millions of Americans voted illegally in November to explain how Trump lost the popular vote to Hillary Clinton. Miller specifically talked about New Hampshire, claiming that thousands of people from Massachusetts bused in to vote a second time in that state. Go to New Hampshire,  Miller said.  Talk to anybody who s worked in politics there for a long time. Everybody s aware of the problem in New Hampshire. Except that many former and current New Hampshire politicians from both parties have criticized Trump s claim.And when ABC host George Stephanopoulos asked Miller for evidence, he merely referred the media to Kansas Secretary of State and Trump supporter Kris Kobach.On Monday, CNN host Kate Bolduan confronted Kobach about Miller s claims. Miller says, look to you, sir, for the evidence,  Bolduan said.  Where is it? On election day 2016, 6,000 people registered in New Hampshire using an out-of-state driver s license,  Kobach claimed in response.  Of those over 6,000, just under 3,000   so just under half   used a Massachusetts driver s license. Now, some of those are going to be legit. They re going to be people who just moved to New Hampshire  but many of those will be out-of-state residents who voted in the state. What Kobach just said is a mere prediction. In a courtroom, it would be called conjecture because Kobach is making an opinion based on incomplete information. You truly do believe that thousands of people came in from Massachusetts to vote in New Hampshire on election day?  Bolduan continued in disbelief. We will have data at the end of the month [about] how many of those 6,000 people voted in both New Hampshire and in one of the other states,  Kobach said, admitting that he actually doesn t have evidence. He is only promising that he will have evidence at a later time, probably when whatever right-wing organization he is associated with provides their fabricated statistics.With no real evidence to support his claims, Bolduan pounced and slammed Kobach with reality. Mr. Secretary, wait a second. Stephen Miller, over the weekend, said thousands did vote illegally. Definitively saying that this actually happened. You re saying that there s going to be more data coming at the end of the month. So, do you have the evidence? Voter registration does not equal fraudulent votes. Kobach claimed that 3 million Americans are registered to vote in two states, which isn t illegal. Of course, Trump adviser Steve Bannon is also registered to vote in two states.Kobach then offered  proof  of Trump s claim by whining about CNN not covering the nine cases of voter fraud Kansas is prosecuting. Bolduan easily picked that  evidence  apart. You have nine cases,  Bolduan said.  Six guilty pleas, one dismissed, two pending. That s as of January 25th. Nine cases does not rampant widespread voter fraud make. A small minority does not make millions and millions of widespread, rampant votes in this country,  Bolduan continued.  What Stephen Miller and the president said over the weekend is this is exactly why they lost in New Hampshire. Not saying they were prospective cases, they were illegal votes. At that point, Kobach stumbled his way through the remainder of the interview as Bolduan countered his bullshit with facts at every turn.Here s the full smack down via YouTube.Donald Trump s voter fraud claims are a pathetic attempt to stroke his own ego because he can t handle the fact that he lost to a woman and is not a legitimate president. If he is really so concerned about voter fraud, he should call for a new election immediately. But he won t because he is full of shit.Featured image via screenshot",0
2547, Whoopi SHREDS Betsy DeVos’ Ignorance Of Public Schools And It’s GLORIOUS (VIDEO),"It can be said that having Betsy DeVos as Education Secretary isn t only a dumb idea, it s an absolute nightmare for public schools.In addition, DeVos, much like Donald Trump, should probably stay off Twitter if she s going to try to at all be taken seriously.Not only did the Education Department tweet out W.E.B. Du Bois  name incorrectly and leave it up, as seen here:Education must not simply teach work   it must teach life.   W.E.B. DeBois pic.twitter.com/Re4cWkPSFA  US Dept of Education (@usedgov) February 12, 2017But then DeVos herself asks this idiotic question:Day 1 on the job is done, but we re only getting started. Now where do I find the pencils? :) pic.twitter.com/0vRKF1opE9  Betsy DeVos (@BetsyDeVos) February 9, 2017Which for most people, including Whoopi Goldberg of The View, was enough to put them over the edge.Like most people aware of public school teachers, Whoopi laid into DeVos about that idiotic pencil question. Because if DeVos knew anything about public schools, she would know that public school teachers go into their own pockets and pay for school supplies for their students on their own.Whoopi also sent a message to DeVos saying that if she really cared about aiding the education of this nation and had an actual interest in making it better, she would use some of her own money (you know, the money she used to buy her the Secretary position) and get schools and teachers the funding they deserve.Watch here:Education Sec. Betsy DeVos  tweet asking where the pencils are got backlash online   the co-hosts give their take on it. pic.twitter.com/kkrtEbR4qS  The View (@TheView) February 13, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
2548, REPORT: Chaos Reigns Inside The White House As Trump Considers Firing Priebus And Flynn,"Donald Trump can t handle the complexity of running the White House and heads are reportedly going to roll for it.It has now been over three weeks since Donald Trump took over the White House and he still can t deal with all the problems that have plagued his administration. Infighting, power grabs, and ineptness have created an atmosphere of paranoia and mistrust.Reince Priebus has done a poor job as chief of staff while Sean Spicer, whom Priebus supported for Trump s Press Secretary, has done an equally poor job by embarrassing himself and Trump every time he faces reporters at the daily press briefing.National security adviser Michael Flynn, meanwhile, just got busted negotiating with the Russian government over sanctions in violation of the Logan Act. Flynn lied about talking to the Russian ambassador prior to Trump taking over the presidency and the Logan Act specifically bars citizens from negotiating with foreign powers. The White House is showing not the amount of order that we need to see. I think there s a lot of weakness coming out of the chief of staff,  Trump supporter and Newsmax CEO Chris Ruddy told CNN recently.Axios reports that many staffers are insecure because Trump only respects people who are personally financially successful, which is why he chose many Goldman Sachs executives and employees to work for the administration.A White House source also told Axios that Trump and his team have to put out  400 fires a day. Yeah, it s apparently THAT chaotic.The source further told Axios that Flynn is certain to be canned soon because he committed  an unpardonable sin  by making Trump and Pence look like fools.Donald Trump has no clue what he is doing and he only digs a deeper hole by pretending that he does. His ego is so fragile that he won t concede that he can t do the job. His advisers each have an agenda of their own and they are fighting with each other for Trump s ear. It also doesn t help that Trump s advisers are inept whenever the appear on television to defend their boss.Trump also has to deal with reports that Steve Bannon is basically calling the shots, leading many people to refer to Bannon as  President Bannon. That must really be bruising Trump s ego.Frankly, Trump only has himself to blame for the chaos in the White House. He actually thought he would be inheriting President Obama s White House staff and found out rather late in the game that he would have to hire his own. Furthermore, Trump didn t  drain the swamp,  he just hired actual snakes to make the swamp dirtier.Our country can t take four years of Trump and his minions in office. A lot of damage has already been done and in order to prevent irreversible damage Trump and his administration need to be ousted before our nations pays severe consequences for the mistake made on November 8, 2016.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2549," Trump’s Ineptitude Causes HUGE Drop In Investment, Future Of Our Nation Is In Peril (DETAILS)","America s creditors are now thinking twice about investing in our nation because Donald Trump s policies have turned us into a bigger credit risk.On Election night, as the returns came in favoring Trump for president the stock market took a hit and the dollar dipped in value. It soon bounced back but markets around the world and in the United States are nervous about what will happen as long as Trump continues to push an economic policy that significantly lowers taxes on the rich, slashes regulations, boosts spending like never before, and antagonizes American and foreign businesses.Trump s escalation of confrontations with Iran and China, along with European fear of an invasion by Russia have also left the future of the world economy in doubt.Trump has been erratic, paranoid, and quick to whine on Twitter and has shown a willingness to attack businesses that make decisions he disagrees with.And Donald Trump s unpredictability is forcing foreign investors to stop investing in United States Treasuries.According to Bloomberg,Across the world, foreigners are pulling back from U.S. debt like never before. From Tokyo to Beijing and London, the consensus is clear: few overseas investors want to step into the $13.9 trillion U.S. Treasury market right now. Whether it s the prospect of bigger deficits and more inflation under President Donald Trump or higher interest rates from the Federal Reserve, the world s safest debt market seems less of a sure thing   particularly after the upswing in yields since November. And then there is Trump s penchant for saber rattling, which has made staying home that much easier.Bloomberg goes on to point out that  any consistent drop-off in foreign demand could have lasting consequences on America s ability to finance itself cheaply,  which means the cost of running the federal government could skyrocket and fall upon the shoulders of struggling working class Americans who will see their taxes rise as the wealthy escape their own responsibility for providing revenues to the government.And as Trump continues to initiate trade wars against China, Japan, and other nations, it could further justify foreign investors from investing in the United States.We could be looking at an impending economic catastrophe as long as Trump continues to make America a credit risk. He wants to double down on the failed trickle-down economic policies Republicans are obsessed with and if he repeals the Affordable Care Act, that will create further chaos as the wealthy pay less in taxes and the deficit increases. Our economy is primed to implode and foreign investors see it coming. Investing in America is too risky right now, and it is only going to get worse. And Trump is to blame.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2550, WATCH: Morning Joe Hosts HORRIFIED By Trump Adviser’s Ignorance Of Constitution,"Donald Trump tried out a new minion on Sunday in what resulted in an embarrassing and terrifying appearance on all the networks.Trump adviser Stephen Miller, who helped write Trump s apocalyptic and negative inaugural address and the executive order that banned travelers from seven countries from entering the United States, appeared on the Sunday shows to press the same theme over and over again.Miller claimed that the judicial branch has no authority to stand in the way of Trump s national security agenda and that Trump is always  100 percent correct. We do not have judicial supremacy in this country,  Miller said on Fox News Sunday.  We have three co-equal branches of government. It s true that we have three branches of government, but the Constitution clearly made the judicial branch responsible for interpreting the laws and deciding what is and what is not constitutional.Last week, the Ninth Circuit Court ruled against reinstating Trump s executive order, a blistering defeat for his administration.The ruling caused Republicans to make a bill splitting the Ninth Circuit Court a top priority as punishment. And now Trump and his team are trying to undermine the power of the judiciary in retaliation.And that why Joe Scarborough and Mika Brzezinski expressed horror on Monday morning.The Morning Joe hosts could not believe how anti-Constitution Miller was and that Trump actually praised him for it. It s so much worse than I ever thought,  Scarborough said after both reacted to Miller s performance by saying,  Oh my God. Scarborough then proceeded to inform Miller that courts have every right to question what Trump does and gave him a quick lesson about the Constitution. They will be questioned by the court   it s called judicial review. Alexander Hamilton and James Madison wrote about it in the Federalist Papers, it was enshrined in Madison s Constitution. Indeed, Article 3 of the Constitution has been the bedrock of our nation s judiciary since America s founding.Article 3 states:The judicial power of the United States, shall be vested in one Supreme Court, and in such inferior courts as the Congress may from time to time ordain and establish  The judicial power shall extend to all cases, in law and equity, arising under this Constitution, the laws of the United States, and treaties made, or which shall be made, under their authority; to all cases affecting ambassadors, other public ministers and consuls; to all cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction; to controversies to which the United States shall be a party; to controversies between two or more states; between a state and citizens of another state; between citizens of different states; between citizens of the same state claiming lands under grants of different states, and between a state, or the citizens thereof, and foreign states, citizens or subjects.In short, the courts have the final say about what is constitutional and what is not. Trying to undermine the power of the judiciary is a violation of the Constitution.That was the worst performance out of anybody,  Scarborough continued.  That was horrendous, an embarrassment. Go back and read the constitution. The White House has got to stop embarrassing themselves by putting this guy out there. Scarborough concluded that if Trump keeps trying to undermine the judiciary he ll be impeached.Here s the video via Twitter..@JoeNBC on Stephen Miller s weekend performance: That was horrendous and an embarrassment https://t.co/rE5Fxo8AF3  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) February 13, 2017Donald Trump continues to get more dangerous to our democracy and Constitution every day. He needs to be ousted before we wake up one day and no longer have rights.Featured image via screenshot",0
2551, Media Tells Trump To Go F*ck Himself For Demanding They Portray Protesters As His ‘Enthusiastic Supporters’,"The media is so DONE taking Donald Trump s constant abuse.As he left his Florida resort on Sunday, Trump was greeted by a crowd of protesters who oppose him and his poisonous agenda.The media reported on the protests, and that led to Trump posting yet another temper tantrum accusing the media of being  fake news  because they accurately reported that the crowd was protesting Trump.Trump apparently is demanding that the media portray protesters as his  enthusiastic supporters. You know, so it looks like everyone loves Trump and he can feel good.Just leaving Florida. Big crowds of enthusiastic supporters lining the road that the FAKE NEWS media refuses to mention. Very dishonest!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 12, 2017Reporters were not amused.George Bennett of the Palm Beach Post wrote that while there were a few Trump supporters in the crowd, they were clearly outnumbered by protesters..@realDonaldTrump motorcade passes hundreds of protesters   and a few supporters   in West Palm Beach. pic.twitter.com/TQ40PyT9Vq  George Bennett (@gbennettpost) February 12, 2017The Hill s Mallory Shelbourne also slammed Trump for not providing evidence that the protesters were actually his supporters.Social media also smacked Trump down for once again putting his fragile ego before more important issues like the evacuation of Oroville, California because of an imminent failure of the local dam.@realDonaldTrump while you re still worried about fake news, the people of #Oroville are running for their lives https://t.co/dFl6RE6c0z  AJ Joshi (@AJ) February 13, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Still just a shitty salesman at best. Look up #OrovilleDam the next time you take to your twitter throne.  Holly Marie Combs (@H_Combs) February 13, 2017@realDonaldTrump god, you are such a fucking loser.  Sean Newell (@dontforgetmac) February 13, 2017@realDonaldTrump More than 3 million people have already turned out to protest against you, because you re an incompetent lying asshole. pic.twitter.com/zlyjc3CPiA  Jack Schofield (@jackschofield) February 13, 2017@realDonaldTrump no one is lining the streets supporting you. Those are called protestors.  Chelsea Handler (@chelseahandler) February 12, 2017Protesters line up against @realDonaldTrump down here in Florida yesterday. pic.twitter.com/vkoP8VSb05  Keith Boykin (@keithboykin) February 13, 2017.@realDonaldTrump   much like your  Inuguartion  amiright Easy D?  MoveOn.org (@MoveOn) February 13, 2017@mmpadellan @realDonaldTrump Am I the only one picturing ?rump doing the  I can t hear you  routine, with his tiny fingers in his ears?  Shelley   (@itzshelleybell) February 12, 2017@realDonaldTrump we your Floridian neighbors only saw an overwhelming number of protesters. I understand though, if you couldn t read the signs they held  Derek Smart (@dsmart) February 13, 2017If Donald Trump thinks the media is just going to roll over for him because he keeps insulting him, he should think again. Because the media is getting sick and tired of taking Trump s shit and they are only going to keep calling him out for lying.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2552, American Intelligence Agents Fear Giving Trump Intel Because The Russians Are Listening,"Donald Trump is clearly a threat to our national security and our intelligence agents know it.In order to keep America safe, American spies are now withholding intelligence from the White House because they don t want the Russians to know what we know.Throughout the campaign, Trump openly praised Vladimir Putin, who now has a puppet in the White House after helping Trump win the election.And Trump has been friendly with Putin ever since, refusing to believe our intelligence agencies who all agree that Russia hacked our political system and interfered with our election process.Because Trump trusts Russia so much, our intelligence agents do not trust Trump and certainly do not want to give him sensitive information that could end up in Russian hands. Our Intelligence Community is so worried by the unprecedented problems of the Trump administration   not only do senior officials possess troubling ties to the Kremlin, there are nagging questions about basic competence regarding Team Trump   that it is beginning to withhold intelligence from a White House which our spies do not trust,  NSA analyst Jack R. Schindler reported for the New York Observer.Most frighteningly, a Pentagon official told Schindler that  the Kremlin has ears inside  the White House Situation Room.That means the Russians are privy to America s most guarded secrets, and the official lamented that  There s not much the Russians don t know at this point. That is absolutely terrifying and demonstrates clearly why Donald Trump and his entire administration need to be removed from office immediately before all is lost.We are talking about critical intel that could prevent nuclear war or give the United States a heads up about what Russia is up to. If the Russians find out we know something about them because Trump gets the intel and discusses it in the Situation Room or with one of his team members who have cozy dealings with Putin, the United States would lose the advantage.And as Russia prepares for war against Europe, it has never been more important that the White House get the intelligence it needs. The problem is that Trump is inept and in league with Putin. So how does the United States military respond to Russian aggression if the so-called  Commander-in-Chief  is nothing more than Putin s puppet? By making Putin aware of the information we have, Trump would be putting our troops in danger as the intel becomes useless. None of this has happened in Washington before,  Schindler wrote.  A White House with unsettling links to Moscow wasn t something anybody in the Pentagon or the Intelligence Community even considered a possibility until a few months ago. Until Team Trump clarifies its strange relationship with the Kremlin, and starts working on its professional honesty, the IC will approach the administration with caution and concern. It s time for Donald Trump and his administration to be removed from power. The security and future of the United States is at stake, and as long as Trump is in office the country is less safe than ever before.Photo of Donald Trump by Joe Raedle/Getty Images. Photo of Vladimir Putin by Thierry Chesnot/Getty Images",0
2553, Even Donald Trump’s Inauguration Poster Has A GLARING Misspelling (IMAGE),"I can only imagine that the stack of resumes on Donald Trump s desk is full of spelling errors, which to the most anti-intellectual administration in recent American history, is certainly not a disqualifier, at least if we judge by the communications coming from the White House over the last three weeks.The horrendous spelling came early. During the campaign, Trump regularly misspelled words on his tweets. That hasn t changed. Shortly before Trump s inauguration, he tweeted about China, and managed to misspell the word  unprecedented.  He eventually fixed it, but it took nearly an hour and a half.More recently, though, Trump s education secretary, Betsy DeVos tweeted about W.E.B. Du Bois, but instead of spelling it the way the Civil Rights Leader and founder of the NAACP did, her tweet, which happened to fall during Black History Month, spelled his name DeBois.The department fairly quickly apologized, but not without misspelling  apologies.  Yes, that came from the department in charge of educating our children.In another embarrassing misspelling, this one a bit more tactile than a tweet, Trump s inaugural poster also has a misspelling:President Trump s official inauguration portrait offered by the Library of Congress had a glaring typo on it, social media users pointed out Sunday evening.The print of Trump, which was sold on the Library of Congress s website, includes a quote from the president   but misspells  too  as  to. No dream is too big, no challenge is to great. Nothing we want for the future is beyond our reach,  the quote reads on the poster.Source: The HillThe poster has been taken off the website, but not before some screenshots were taken.Is this a big deal in the overall scheme of things? Not really, but it does show a frightening trend within the Trump administration: no dedication to detail in a job where every single word matters. For example, it s been widely reported that Trump doesn t even read the executive orders he s pushing out on nearly a daily basis. He even signed away much of his power to the neo-nazi Steve Bannon.For the moment, Mr. Bannon remains the president s dominant adviser, despite Mr. Trump s anger that he was not fully briefed on details of the executive order he signed giving his chief strategist a seat on the National Security Council, a greater source of frustration to the president than the fallout from the travel ban.Source: GQIf that sort of sloppiness, from the office of arguably the most powerful man in the world, doesn t terrify you, then nothing will.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
2554, White Racists Are FURIOUS With Netflix; The Poor Little Snowflakes Are Even Boycotting,"If it weren t for the whiney phrase,  political correctness,  which is really just another phrase for being polite, Donald Trump would likely have never invaded the White House. It seems that over the last 50 or so years, black people have gotten much too uppity, so when Netflix announced the release of a series called Dear White People, which isn t supposed to be exactly flattering to white people and especially racist white people, they threw a fit and are canceling their Netflix memberships.Because they can be as cruel as they want toward People of Color, but if the People of Color call them on it, well, that s out of bounds. So, White Supremacists, taking a cue from their Supreme Orange Leader, came up with a protest Twitter hashtag, #NoNetflix.Netflix announced a new anti-white show (Dear White People) that promotes white genocide.I cancelled my account, do the same. #NoNetflix pic.twitter.com/2HIGqviLHj  Shia LeBaked  (@bakedalaska) February 8, 2017This is the type of anti-white bigotry that gets incited by @Netflix sponsored shows. #NoNetflix pic.twitter.com/gaozYZ6kyO  Shia LeBaked  (@bakedalaska) February 10, 2017Netflix is working with Code Red Production, peddling their anti-White garbage. #NoNetflix #BoycottNetflix pic.twitter.com/ZutCzDus0L  Boatsinker (@Clausfarre143) February 11, 2017To be fair, this is one of the show s writers, but after reading these tweets, I too hate white people and like Moore, I m one of them.Why I canceled my membership @netflix #NoNetflix pic.twitter.com/vQspcNM5Mi  trevr (@trevrc) February 9, 2017If you can stomach it, read this trash:retweet and like if you think this guy summed it up beautifully. #netflix #NoNetflix pic.twitter.com/Xf8OVC24Uk  Dwight Mann (@geno_philia) February 9, 2017Netflix. More like Nettrix, am I right? #NoNetflix #BoycottNetflix pic.twitter.com/EqDWW4vt5o  Boatsinker (@Clausfarre143) February 9, 2017So, what is this that got the Dear White People riled up? This trailer that talks about people dressing up in black face, which I thought we agreed a long time ago was beyond offensive.Take a stroll through those comments and you ll be hating white people too.The series is based on a movie of the same name and if white people watched it with open minds, they would know that no one came across as anything more than flawed human, although deservedly, white people were portrayed as much less aware.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
2555, Twitter HILARIOUSLY F*cks With GOP For Tweeting Fake Lincoln Quote (TWEETS),"The trouble with quotes on the Internet is that you don t know if they re genuine. Or something. Today is Abraham Lincoln s birthday, and to honor him, the GOP tweeted out an image of the statue in the Lincoln Memorial with a quote:What a respectable way to commemorate one of the greatest presidents this country ever saw. There s just one problem: The quote isn t Lincoln s. It s most likely from a 1947 ad for a book by Edward J. Stieglitz. He, in turn, was given credit for the phrase in 1949.Former Illinois governor Adlai Stevenson also used that quote, but there s no evidence that Lincoln ever said it. And the GOP looks really stupid.The funny thing is that one could assume the general population wouldn t know whether the quote is Lincoln s or not. In the age of Google, however, one has to be far more careful about attributing quotes and anything else, because someone will inevitably look it up and make you look stupid if it s wrong.So Twitter decided to make the GOP look really stupid, and what they came up with has us rolling:                            Stop making fools of yourselves, guys. We re going to bust our ribs laughing at you for the rest of eternity give or take an eon.Featured image via screen captures",0
2556, Betsy DeVos Gets SKEWERED After Dept. Of Education Posts Embarrassingly Misspelled Tweets,"Donald Trump s Education Department is pathetic now that Betsy DeVos is in control, and this proves it.DeVos  first week as Secretary of Education has been terrible to say the least.First, she was blocked from entering a public school by protesters and ran away. Then she posted a tweet jokingly asking where the pencils are, which drew a sharp rebuke from teachers, who did not find her  joke  funny because they usually have to buy their own school supplies for their classrooms.And so, the Department of Education under DeVos  rule is off to a rough start, and it got downright embarrassing on Sunday as Americans watched in horror as the Education Department proceeded to post Twitter messages containing misspelled words.Seriously. This is the f*cking Department of Education we are talking about. Spelling should be in their wheelhouse. But because of Trump and DeVos, that skill has apparently been lost.In celebration of Black History Month, the Department of Education decided to recognize and quote W.E.B. Du Bois. It did NOT go well.Education must not simply teach work   it must teach life.   W.E.B. DeBois pic.twitter.com/Re4cWkPSFA  US Dept of Education (@usedgov) February 12, 2017That s right. DeVos and her team actually misspelled Du Bois  name. And mockery and outrage rained down upon them for it.Welp, this is a foreshadowing of what #BetsyDeVos is going to usher in @usedgov. FFS! It s #BlackHistoryMonth too!??W. E. B. Du Bois?? pic.twitter.com/QKhYAuyp6i  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) February 12, 2017@usedgov Looks like @BetsyDeVos is in charge now! pic.twitter.com/paajsZsUSL  Mike Flacy (@mikeflacy) February 12, 2017.@usedgov *W.E.B. Du BoisAll good. Not like this is the official Twitter for the US Department of Education. ?  Ryan Wyatt (@Fwiz) February 12, 2017@usedgov I am glad my public school teachers taught me how to properly spell the names of noted scholars!!  Maris Kreizman (@mariskreizman) February 12, 2017@usedgov OMG, it s DuBois. Who is in charge over there? oh, wait, I get it.  Jennifer Morgan (@ProfJLMorgan) February 12, 2017.@usedgov First y all thought Frederick Douglass was alive, now you can t spell Du Bois. This bodes well for an already faltering system.  Mehreen Kasana (@mehreenkasana) February 12, 2017Hilarious, @usedgov. It s either a terrible mistake or a perverse foray into humor. His name is W.E.B. Du Bois. Screenshot saved. pic.twitter.com/DFDv887rNE  Jeffrey Guterman (@JeffreyGuterman) February 12, 2017@JeffreyGuterman @usedgov Is @BetsyDeVos in charge of social media content too? Was she distracted by a grizzly? ?  @pc7 (@pjcc777) February 12, 2017@usedgov How the hell do you misspell his name? If this isn t foreshadowing the shitstorm of #BetsyDeVos, then I don t know what is  S vion (@SavionWright) February 12, 2017I see they left Ms.  DuVos  in charge of the @usedgov Twitter feed pic.twitter.com/SW0scGm49u  Jason Tocci (@JasonT) February 12, 2017Protesters should ve let @BetsyDeVos into the school long enough to learn how to spell his name correctly @usedgovhttps://t.co/PDzsGU5Xev  Carlton Banksy (@rtyson82) February 12, 2017And if that wasn t enough, the Department of Education posted a corrected version and then posted an apology tweet that was also misspelled.Again, seriously. Education must not simply teach work   it must teach life.    W.E.B. Du Bois pic.twitter.com/hSg4R1rLHH  US Dept of Education (@usedgov) February 12, 2017 our deepest apologizes  pic.twitter.com/0STAOGo3fD  Josh Billinson (@jbillinson) February 12, 2017Even  Reading Rainbow  star LeVar Burton chimed in.Heaven help us! The Dept. of Education misspelled DuBois  #bydhttmwfi https://t.co/PT6I1Em8aN  LeVar Burton (@levarburton) February 12, 2017Betsy DeVos hasn t even been in charge for a full week and she has already repeatedly proved that while money can buy a Cabinet seat, in her case it could not buy a decent education.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2557, Terrorist Group Openly Lauds Trump For Being An Idiot And Bragging About His Stupidity,"Trump keeps saying that  bad people,  a.k.a radical Islamic terrorist groups, are happy that he s been unable to keep immigrants, refugees and travelers from seven Middle Eastern countries from coming into the U.S. But that s not what makes them happy. What makes them happy is actually that Trump is in the White House. He s a bumbling idiot who s going to piss off so many Muslims that these groups feel they won t have any trouble recruiting and growing, and throwing off the shackles of the  oppressive West. Al Qaeda s leader in Yemen has already expressed his sheer joy at Trump s bungled raid there. Hezbollah has joined the fray, too, saying something that should be offensive as all hell to Trump: We are very optimistic that when an idiot settles in the White House and boasts about his idiocy, this is the beginning of relief for the oppressed around the world. One of the reasons they feel optimistic is likely the fact that Trump is busy pissing off the entire world, which will galvanize various groups into working together assuming enough of the world gets angry.There are squillions of theories out about why these groups hate us so much, such as the anti-Muslim propaganda that s been circulating here with growing frequency over the last 15 years. Many people the world over view that kind of propaganda as coming from our government, and now, with Trump, that view has been vindicated.Trump is a master of anti-brown people propaganda to the point where terrorist groups like Al Qaeda and ISIS have used him in recruiting videos. He s said  Islam hates us,  and claimed we would  wipe out Islamic terrorist groups.  Four Islamic non-profit organizations have rejected federal funding intended to help them fight radicalization because of Trump. They feel that both the funds and Trump himself merely promote hatred, fear and intolerance, and that he s declared war on Muslims.There s much more, too. Trump is pigeonholing Muslims as a naturally violent group that must be exterminated. It alienates Muslims of every stripe. So really, is it any wonder that Hezbollah or anyone else is happy that Trump was elected? He s helping their cause. Trump is making things more dangerous for us. He will never do anything that will make us safer.Featured image by Chris Kleponis via Getty Images",0
2558, REPORT: Ivanka Trump Took Kellyanne Conway To The Woodshed For Peddling Her Product Line,"Kellyanne Conway got herself into a world of sh*t when she decided to violate ethics rules on behalf of Ivanka Trump s business. Because now Ivanka is PISSED.On Thursday, Conway whined about Nordstrom dropping Ivanka s product line due to lack of sales and then she desperately begged Fox News viewers to open their wallets. They are using the most prominent woman in Donald Trump s life,  Conway began.  Using her, who has been a champion for empowerment of women in the workplace, to get to him. I think she s gone from 800 stores to a thousand stores, or a thousand places where you can buy. You can buy her goods online. Go buy Ivanka s stuff is what I would tell you. I hate shopping, I m going to go get some myself today. This is just a wonderful line. I own some of it. I fully   I m going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online. And by promoting Ivanka s business, Conway violated Federal Code  2635.702, which specifically states:An employee shall not use his public office for his own private gain, for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives, or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity, including nonprofit organizations of which the employee is an officer or member .An employee shall not use or permit the use of his Government position or title or any authority associated with his public office to endorse any product, service or enterprise.Ethics complaints have bombarded Trump s administration ever since and Ivanka s business is now embroiled in a political scandal, which won t help sales.Despite apologizing to Donald Trump and apparently being forgiven, Kellyanne Conway still had to face Ivanka and the confrontation was reportedly not pretty.According to Politico, A source close to Trump said that his daughter scolded Conway for dragging her brand into an ethics mess and told her not to mention it again on TV. This was a continuation of a conversation that Ivanka Trump had with her father weeks earlier about leaving her business out of the politics, that Conway wasn t aware of. So Ivanka took Kellyanne Conway to the woodshed for hurting her company. And that s just another example of the chaos and infighting that has been occurring inside the White House since Trump took office. One wonders how long it will be before Kellyanne Conway gets fired. Because the way she has repeatedly embarrassed herself on television in defense of Trump, that day should be soon, especially if she keeps angering Ivanka.Featured image via Yana Paskova/Getty Images",0
2559, The Internet Rips Trump Adviser’s Face Off After Saying Sean Spicer Is Always ‘100 Percent Correct’,"Trump senior adviser Stephen Miller told ABC s This Week host George Stephanopoulos on Sunday that White House press secretary Sean Spicer is always  100 percent correct.  That s kind of weird since he literally fabricated a terrorist attack several times in order to defend Trump s Muslim ban. There is nothing Spicer won t lie about to defend the alleged president.Stephanopoulos said that Spicer mentioned  from the podium  that  the decision by Nordstrom to pull those products of Ivanka Trump was a direct attack on the president s policies  after the retailer pulled her clothing line due to poor sales.The ABC host noted that Sears and K-Mart decided this week to pull Trump s home furnishing lines from their websites. Is that a direct attack on the president s policies, as well?  Stephanopoulos asked. I m not going make a comment on that. I don t have any information on it,  Miller said.  I do want to say that Sean Spicer, as always, is 100 percent correct and that what he said is true and important. And I agree with it. He just said he has no knowledge of what happened but that Sean Spicer was correct. Welcome to the alternative-facts of the Trump administration. You had a case where somebody was treated unfairly. The president stuck up for a member of his family,  Miller continued.  And the White House counselor made a light-hearted, flippant comment that nobody would interpret as being what has been cast as right now by you and the media and others. The  flippant comment  Miller is referring to belongs to Kellyanne Conway in which she hawked Ivanka Trump s clothing line on the air while sitting in the briefing room.Watch: He also made a baseless claim about voter fraud which has been thoroughly debunked.Miller is trending on Twitter and he s being mocked over this crazy-time comments.I didn t realize Stephen Miller was a 12 year old boy.  SeanScheidt (@SeanScheidt) February 12, 2017 I do want to say that Sean Spicer, as always, is 100% correct. If you listen real close, you can hear Stephen Miller s credibility die.  Ron Asher (@rmasher2) February 12, 2017How kind of Stephen Miller to take time off from managing Bates Motel to lie on all the morning shows.  Laurie Crosswell ? (@lauriecrosswell) February 12, 2017Like most of the alt-right, Stephen Miller is what happens when literally every woman rejects you.  Molly Knight (@molly_knight) February 12, 2017Senior Trump aide Stephen Miller refuses to express confidence in Gen. Flynn. And he lied too. https://t.co/R1qhX0oQy1 pic.twitter.com/KAH9kyNgXp  John Aravosis (@aravosis) February 12, 2017Honestly, I feel like I need to be sprinkled with holy water after listening to Stephen Miller. #MeetThePress  Laurie Crosswell ? (@lauriecrosswell) February 12, 2017Meet America s new biggest liar, Stephen Miller. pic.twitter.com/GWewpvAzTt  DemsTalk (@DemsTalk) February 12, 2017WOL (weeping out loud) Not @TheOnion  On @ThisWeekABC   Stephen Miller says Sean Spicer is 100% right-& that voter fraud is serious issue  Katrina vandenHeuvel (@KatrinaNation) February 12, 2017we ve learned this morning that Stephen Miller also lies for a living.  Eric Boehlert (@EricBoehlert) February 12, 2017Trump liked Miller s fact-free interview, because of course.Congratulations Stephen Miller- on representing me this morning on the various Sunday morning shows. Great job!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 12, 2017Is there one member of the Trump administration that doesn t have his or her head up their ass?Image via screen capture with added tweet.",0
2560, Mark Cuban Hilariously BURNS Trump For Attacking Him On Twitter (TWEETS),"Donald Trump just got his ass handed to him by Mark Cuban.On Sunday morning, Trump attacked Cuban for no reason, claiming that the real self-made billionaire is not smart to enough to be president and that Cuban backed him  big-time. I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn t interested in taking all of his calls.He s not smart enough to run for president!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 12, 2017Of course, everyone knows that Cuban supported Hillary Clinton during the campaign, and unlike Trump, Cuban is an intelligent businessman who built his empire without a multi-million dollar head start from his daddy.Twitter responded by roasting Trump but everyone was really waiting to see how Cuban responded.Well, Cuban did, indeed, respond. And Trump is going to hate it.Cuban posted a message Trump wrote to him complaining about how Cuban talked about him on CNN and the message Cuban wrote in return.Trump called Cuban  nasty  and Cuban told Trump that he had hoped he would  dig into the issues  and do more than just run his mouth about what other people tell him. When you say there is a bubble, it sounds like you are winging it,  Cuban wrote.  Which also makes it sounds like your comments are based on who you talked to last. Which tells me you are getting bad advice. I get the big part of your base doesn t care about issue details, but to be President, to be this close, you have to know your shit. Cuban also suggested that he might run against Trump in 2020. I may go after that job someday and it could be against you,  Cuban warned.How soon they forget  . pic.twitter.com/VXcfnjj4qX  Mark Cuban (@mcuban) February 12, 2017Cuban then followed up that tweet by letting everyone know that they can chill out since it s better for Trump to tweet than it is for him to try governing since when he does he fails miserably.I don t know. But isn t it better for all of us that he is tweeting rather than trying to govern ? https://t.co/953MuEdfeu  Mark Cuban (@mcuban) February 12, 2017That is a truly sick burn. Trump is going to flip out.Featured image via Getty Images",0
2561, CNN Just TORPEDOED Donald Trump With Facts To PROVE He Lied About Them Again,"CNN is definitely sick and tired of Donald Trump calling them  fake news. During an interview with Erin Burnett on Friday, Bernie Sanders jokingly referred to CNN as  fake news  to mock Donald Trump. Sanders even made sure to let Burnett know that he was just joking and Burnett acknowledged that Sanders was just joking. Soon after, a technical difficulty arose as Sanders could no longer hear Burnett. CNN then went to commercial, and Burnett apologized to the audience and to Sanders for the issue and resumed the conversation.Here s the video via CNN.Well, Fox News claimed that CNN cut off Sanders in retaliation for his  fake news  joke. And then Donald Trump tweeted about it several minutes later and made the same claim.While on FAKE NEWS @CNN, Bernie Sanders was cut off for using the term fake news to describe the network. They said technical difficulties!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 12, 2017That s when CNN proceeded to strongly fire back as Brian Stelter set the record straight by linking to the full video of the interview and call Trump out for lying.Untrue. Sanders was *criticizing Trump* for calling CNN  fake news.  You can see for yourself, all 11 minutes, here: https://t.co/qhtlb5Wo6Q https://t.co/AcwOiNHi0j  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) February 12, 2017Stop me if you ve heard this one before. But @FoxAndFriends covered the Bernie  technical difficulties  thing at 6:40. Trump tweeted at 7:14 https://t.co/AcwOiNHi0j  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) February 12, 2017And then CNN Communications issued a transcript of the interview as further proof that Trump is lying.@realDonaldTrump False. Transcript from @ErinBurnett intvu w @SenSanders. He was not cut off. Those are the facts. https://t.co/NzJNgdYSIX pic.twitter.com/AOFKLHUlGk  CNN Communications (@CNNPR) February 12, 2017Clearly, Donald Trump once again got  alternative facts  from Fox News and repeated them as his proof that CNN is  fake news. But if he had simply taken ten minutes to watch the actual interview, he would know that Sanders was only joking, and that CNN did not cut Sanders off. It really was a technical difficulty and Sanders was able to continue the interview after the issue was fixed. But Trump didn t bother to do that, and he got his ass handed to him for it.Last week, Trump claimed that CNN host Chris Cuomo failed to ask a guest a specific question, only to get skewered by Cuomo and CNN Communications again for lying. Had Trump watched the very beginning of the interview, he wouldn t have humiliated himself.. @ChrisCuomo did address that point at the start of his interview. Those are the facts: https://t.co/JWJEAshv1y  CNN Communications (@CNNPR) February 9, 2017Donald Trump won t bother to do simple research before he runs his mouth on Twitter, and that means he probably doesn t bother to do any research before making decisions as president. That s not only scary, it s stupid.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
2562, Trump Attacks Mark Cuban In Bizarre Tweet That Everyone Is Humiliating Him For Right Now,"Donald Trump made two claims about Mark Cuban that prove just how delusional and narcissistic he is.Apparently, Trump woke up this morning and saw the Dallas Mavericks owner on television and decided that deriding him on Twitter was more important than doing his current job.Trump claimed that Cuban was a  big-time  backer of his and that Cuban isn t smart enough to ever be president like him.I know Mark Cuban well. He backed me big-time but I wasn t interested in taking all of his calls.He s not smart enough to run for president!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 12, 2017First of all, Mark Cuban backed Hillary Clinton during the 2016 Election and repeatedly slammed Trump s business acumen and personality. Last time I checked,  big-time  backers don t support the other candidate and go on television to destroy you every week.Second, Mark Cuban is a more successful businessman than Donald Trump is and his vocabulary is higher than the fifth grade vocabulary Trump possesses.As usual, Twitter users were quick to humiliate Trump for his childish behavior.Wtf @realDonaldTrump? This is seriously the type of thing you re talking about? Not the fact that North Korea just tested another missile?  David G. McAfee (@DavidGMcAfee) February 12, 2017. @realDonaldTrump What the fuck are you even talking about, man?  Cody Johnston (@drmistercody) February 12, 2017. @realDonaldTrump As President, your direct communication with the American people heavily features you waking up and yelling at the TV.  Cody Johnston (@drmistercody) February 12, 2017@realDonaldTrump Not smart enough? Dude you have like an 18 word vocabulary.  Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) February 12, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You re so smart you had to ask about our deal with Russia while you were on the phone with Russia.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) February 12, 2017.@realDonaldTrump This election disproved any intelligence requirement.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 12, 2017What s funny here is Trump, who is only wealthy because of his dad, is bashing @mcuban who is entirely self-made. Sad!  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 12, 2017@realDonaldTrump but  pic.twitter.com/szpjJ8QRyb  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) February 12, 2017@realDonaldTrump but . pic.twitter.com/8C23Ve4cW3  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) February 12, 2017.@realDonaldTrump So you have time to tweet about Mark Cuban but still have yet to comment on the Quebec mosque shooting?  Al x Young  (@AlexYoung) February 12, 2017@realDonaldTrump Would you PLEASE put your tiny little hands back in your pockets and give your Android to the nearest respectable grownup?  Shaf Patel (@ShafPatel) February 12, 2017.@realDonaldTrump I know it s hard for you, but a President doesn t obsess over which billionaire TV personality insulted him that day.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) February 12, 2017Donald Trump seriously needs to re-examine his priorities. Because acting like a petulant child is not making our country look good.Featured image via YouTube",0
2563, Meryl Streep Just HAMMERED Trump In Heartbreaking Human Rights Speech (VIDEO),"We can expect another angry, weeks-long tantrum from Donald Trump after Meryl Streep s speech at the Human Right s Campaign s 2017 Greater New York Gala Dinner on Saturday. Suddenly, at one point in the 20th century, for reasons I can t possibly enumerate in my two remaining minutes, the clouds parted. Something changed,  Streep said, speaking of the advances in civil rights we have made in recent history.  For the first time in 39,999 years, women began to be regarded as, if not equal, at least deserving of equal rights. Men and women of color demanded their equal rights. People of sexual orientation and gender identification outside the status quo also demanded equal regard under the law.  But then she turned her eye toward an orange, thin-skinned coward who threatens to undo decades and decades or work: Which brings us to now. We should not be surprised that fundamentalists, of every stripe, are exercised, and fuming. We should not be surprised that these profound changes come at a steeper cost than we originally though. If we live through this precarious moment- if his catastrophic instinct to retaliate doesn t lead us to nuclear winter, we will have much to thank our current leader for. He will have woken us up to how fragile freedom is. The whip of the executive, through a Twitter feed, can lash and intimidate, punish and humiliate, delegitimize the press and imagined enemies with spasmodic regularity and easily provoked predictability,  she told the crowd.Streep recently sent Trump into a rage fit after her speech at the 2017 Golden Globes when she went for Trump s throat over his decision to mock a disabled reporter s condition: This instinct to humiliate, when it s modeled by someone in the public platform, by someone powerful, it filters down into everybody s life, because it kinda gives permission for other people to do the same thing. Disrespect invites disrespect, violence incites violence. And when the powerful use their position to bully others, we all lose. Trump has been very stressed lately with his Muslim ban dying in multiple courts and all. We can probably expect The Donald to cheer himself up by attacking Streep again, which he seems to think is his job. Watch some clips from her speech below:Sing for us all, Meryl Streep. ?@HRC pic.twitter.com/yNqrZpOUI6  Jordan Roth (@Jordan_Roth) February 12, 2017Meryl Streep pays tribute to LGBTQ pioneers and those on the front lines of fighting for civil rights. pic.twitter.com/J6PdfbVTDm  Raymond Braun (@raymondbraun) February 12, 2017Featured image via screengrab",0
2564, SNL’s Creepy Kellyanne Conway Sketch Is The Best Thing You’ll See All Week (VIDEO),"Saturday Night Live handled Trump spokesidiot Kellyanne Conway s shaky relationship with the press ever since the last of her credibility died in the Bowling Green Massacre in the best way possible   by parodying the erotic thriller  Fatal Attraction. After CNN s Jake Tapper (Beck Bennett) refuses to allow her on the air because of the credibility issues presented by her just making things up   like certain nonexistent massacres   Conway (Kate McKinnon) ambushes him at his home. Jesus, Kellyanne, what the hell are you doing here?  Tapper asks. I just want to be a part of the news, Jake,  she replies.This is how you do it? By breaking into my apartment?  Tapper says. Well, what was I supposed to do? You weren t answering my calls. You changed your number. I m not going to be ignored, Jake!  Conway screams. You don t get it, Kellyanne,  Tapper tells her.  You made up a massacre, we can t have you on. Yes, things are pretty weird at this point, but they get weirder. But I miss the news. I want to get mic d  Conway says as she presses up against Tapper.  I want to feel that hot, black, mic pressed up against my skin. We won t ruin the rest for you. Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2565, Trump-Loving KKK Leader’s Bloated Corpse Pulled From Missouri Riverbank,"The body of Ku Klux Klan Imperial Wizard Frank Ancona, who disappeared from his home under extremely suspicious circumstances, was located the bank of a Missouri river Saturday. According to Washington County Sheriff Zach Jacobsen, Ancona s vehicle, which could be identified by the Trump bumper sticker according to his son, was located on Friday, but there was no trace of Ancona. Deputies responded on Friday and located the vehicle and secured it,  Jacobsen told the Daily Journal.  We left deputies at the scene and secured it overnight due to the loss of light. On Saturday morning we conducted a search of the area by foot by member of the Potosi Fire Protection District and the sheriff s office. We didn t locate much of anything in the woods, but we did locate evidence of a burn pile near Mr. Ancona s vehicle. The body was found by a woman who was taking her family fishing on the bank of Big River. We processed the scene and the body was transported by the Washington County Coroner s office for an autopsy to determine a cause of death,  Jacobsen says.  The body was positively identified as Frank Ancona and his family was notified. The details of the investigation that have been made public are interesting to say the least.According to Malissa Ancona, Frank s wife, he was last seen Wednesday morning when he was leaving for work. She claims that his employer had sent him across the state to deliver an auto part, but his workplace says he was not asked to do that. According to police, Malissa had initially been unreachable, so they stopped by her home where the found her with her son, Frank s stepson. Officers say they found a safe that someone had smashed with a crowbar. The contents had been removed, but Leadwood Police Chief William Dickey says police do not believe it was a burglary.Malissa had also posted on Facebook she was looking for a roommate at around the time Frank had  left for work.  She claims that he said he was filing for divorce when he returned home and would need help paying the bills.Interestingly, all firearms had been removed from the home   Malissa says Frank took them with him   except one, the gun he keeps on him at almost all times. Right now no one has been charged in his death, but that may change tomorrow,  Jacobson says.While this is certainly a tough time for the Klan leader s family, the Internet is responding as though Black Santa left them a gigantic Black History Month present. In public posts on Ancona s son s timeline, seemingly all the people who have watched Ancona s beliefs hurt people over the years came together to celebrate the slight downtick in the number of fascists in the world:                               Ancona will always be remembered by the world as the man who threatened to gun protesters down in the streets after Michael Brown was murdered by Ferguson, Missouri police officer Darren Wilson.Featured image via screengrab",0
2566, Trump Got Caught Doing Something REALLY CREEPY On Vacation In Florida (IMAGES),"Donald Trump s most recent secretive actions toward the press are raising a lot of eyebrows and concerns.While Trump is on taxpayer-paid golf vacation in Florida, the undeserving POTUS has made sure that no one will know what the hell he s up to. To symbolize just how transparent his administration is, Trump has blacked out all the windows of his  Winter White House  and banned the press from taking any pictures and keeping tabs on him.Here s what AP reported Jill Colvin saw in the press pool area:Here s another photo of this disturbing activity:PoliticusUSA obtained a White House pool report, which stated: The pool was escorted into the clubhouse after Trump and Abe were out of view and then led downstairs to a filing room, where we re told we ll be staying for awhile. The door and windows are covered with black plastic so we can t see out. Photographers were instructed not to take pictures on the grounds of a  private club. While reporters may not always be blessed with ideal conditions when covering the president, being stuck in a basement with blacked out windows is highly problematic. This couldn t possibly be any more shady. Basically, American taxpayers just sent Trump on a paid vacation, and he s literally hiding from them.This shouldn t really be a surprise, considering the fact that Trump has ditched his press pool a few times before and has expressed a distinct hatred for journalists and the press as a whole. However, what Trump is doing is highly unethical. When you run for the highest office in the country, you work for the American people now and your life is no longer private. What Trump is trying to do is keep American citizens in the dark, and it is beyond disturbing. This is not how presidents should act.Featured image via Drew Angerer / Getty Images",0
2567," Chaffetz Calls 9-Year-Old Girl Who OWNED Him At Town Hall A ‘Paid’ Protester, Vows NEVER To Investigate Trump (VIDEO)","The massive crowd of protesters who showed up with pitchforks and torches must have really done a number of professional Hillary Clinton witch hunter and chairman of the House Oversight Committee when they refused to allow him to lie to them on Friday.One particularly memorable moment was when a 9-year-old girl bravely stood up to the science-and-reality-denying Utah Congressman, asking him  What are you doing to protect our air and our water for our generation and our kids  generation? Do you believe in science?  she asked.  I do. Utah Congressman Chaffetz gets totally owned by 10 year old girl's sick burn about science, refuses to answer her question & crowd goes wild pic.twitter.com/FxKUM2TklY  Aaron Stewart-Ahn (@somebadideas) February 10, 2017Chaffetz made a show of smiling and shaking the little girl s hand as the crowd roared in her favor before offering a patronizing answer that did not actually address her question.While he was  nice  to her face, behind her back Chaffetz is saying that little girl and all others who assembled to demand that he investigate Donald Trump with the same fervor with which he investigated Clinton, is a  paid  protester. You could see it online a couple days before, a concerted effort in part to just cause chaos,  Chaffetz said Friday.  Democrats are in disbelief that they have nothing but flailing and screaming to deal with this.  The scary 9-year-old girl and the more than 1,000 others who showed up, he says, were doing nothing more than acting out  a paid attempt to bully and intimidate. People are asking me to use the power of Congress to do a full-on fishing expedition to investigate him personally on things that are not required by law. I think my doing that would be an abuse of power,  Chaffetz says, adding that he will never satisfy their desire to bring down Donald Trump. If protesters thought they would get through to Chaffetz or what he would even consider doing his job with regard to Trump, they now have their answer: he has no intention of ever lifting a finger to do the right thing.We need more  paid protesters  like that little girl. For some reason, she scares the living hell out of the big bad Congressman from Utah.Featured image via screengrab",0
2568, U.S. Intelligence Says Details Of Russian Dossier Exposing Trump Are Checking Out (VIDEO),"When the bombshell dossier exposing Donald Trump s shady ties to Russia became public, it was easy to question the validity of the document. Although the golden shower accusation was the least important detail of the report, it certainly caught the attention of the public and was enough to make just about anyone say no way this can be legit. But according to CNN, U.S. intelligence agencies have been investigating the dossier and the document is gaining credibility because some of the details it contains are actually checking out.CNN reports:Law enforcement and U.S. intelligence agencies are continuing their investigation, but they say the corroboration of intercepted communications gives them a  greater confidence  in the dossier s validity.Naturally, Trump s team is already screaming  fake news    again. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer told CNN,  We continue to be disgusted by CNN s fake news reporting.  He then called back to add this:This is more fake news. It is about time CNN focused on the success the President has had bringing back jobs, protecting the nation, and strengthening relationships with Japan and other nations. The President won the election because of his vision and message for the nation.Intelligence officials emphasized that the conversations they intercepted were between foreign nationals and came from routine information gathering. They also noted that some of the communications were from people who were known to be  heavily involved  in digging up dirt on Hillary Clinton to help Trump.U.S. intelligence agencies have still not come to any final conclusions regarding whether or not Russia really has any compromising information on Trump that they can use to blackmail him. They have also not confirmed any of the more  salacious  claims made in the dossier. In other words, they still don t know if Trump paid Russian prostitutes to  drain the swamp  for him.You see more on this here, via The Young Turks:.@CNN is reporting that an investigation into the  Pee-gate  dossier is gaining credibility. pic.twitter.com/j6CEHZJktN  The Young Turks (@TheYoungTurks) February 11, 2017Featured image via Andrew Harrer   Pool/Getty Images",0
2569," While Trump Tries Scaring Us Over ISIS, This Terrorist Group Is Growing Much Faster (DETAILS)","We all know Trump s paranoia over ISIS is making him do really annoying things, like ban travelers from countries that have never sent terrorism to us while ignoring countries that have. During his campaign, he also stupidly called on Bill Gates to  close up the Internet,  because the Internet is one of ISIS  primary recruiting tools. Yet, just like the rest of the right, he s completely ignoring a far more immediate terrorist threat, and it s growing much faster than ISIS.According to a new study from George Washington University, white nationalist groups (including Neo-Nazis, the KKK, skinheads and more) seem to be working harder and having far more success recruiting people online than ISIS. Over the last four years, the number of people claiming allegiance to these groups grew more than 600 percent   from about 3,500 people in 2012 to over 25,000 in 2016. ISIS worked hard, but these white nationalist types are much better at creating new terrorists.Image via George Washington UniversityThey re outperforming ISIS in most metrics now, including follower counts and number of tweets. ISIS  online activity has dropped dramatically since 2014, due in part to social media networks rooting out and suspending accounts. In that same time frame though, as shown above, white nationalist groups have grown considerably, and we hear silence from everyone.And where s Trump on this? We have to close up the Internet to stop the spread of terrorism, don t we?He s focusing on Islamic terrorism and alleged criminal activity among those he believes are undocumented immigrants. He s totally ignoring a threat that the FBI (and other law enforcement agencies) has been saying is a far more immediate danger. These groups surged following President Obama s election win, but aren t acknowledged as terrorists.In fact, whenever an attacker or potential attacker (like, oh, say, Wayde Lynn Kurt who pledged to assassinate Obama; or Dylann Roof, who killed 9 people in a black church in South Carolina) is white, even our media is likely to say they were a  lone wolf,  or something of that nature. Yet they re quick to jump on any attacker who shouts,  Allahu Akbar,  or proclaims allegiance to ISIS, as proof that terrorism is here.Worse, the report says that while increasing worry over ISIS is understandable, white nationalistic groups are able to watch and learn from ISIS  tactics both on and offline. So while we focus too heavily on Islamic terrorism, to the point of trying to keep even green card holders from seven countries out of the U.S., these groups watch Muslim radicalization on and offline, and adapt those techniques to suit their own movements.Trump s ascendancy to the presidency has only further galvanized these groups. His protectionist rhetoric and overt racism is exactly what these people want to hear. For instance, David Duke, the ex-KKK grand wizard, hailed his election, and also hailed his Muslim ban.Kevin MacDonald, another white nationalist, applauded Trump s plans to crack down on undocumented immigration, and for just generally saying what these people have been thinking forever.And we still sweep this stuff under the rug as people acting alone. They appear to act alone because these groups aren t nearly as centralized as ISIS. Also white nationalist groups don t generally claim responsibility for attacks the way ISIS does. But the movement is growing, growing quickly, and is far stronger on our home soil than ISIS, or any Islamic terrorism, is.Trump and his administration will continue to ignore this, and even feed it, putting us in grave peril.Featured image by Andrew Harrer via Getty Images",0
2570, Dominican Newspaper Trolls Trump By Using A Photo Of Alec Baldwin (SCREENSHOTS),"Dominican newspaper El Nacional had a bit of fun with our comically inept President* when they  accidentally  used a photo of Trump s arch-nemesis Alec Baldwin instead of our orange-skinned wannabe dictator in a recent story.The story was regarding Trump s upcoming meeting with war criminal Benjamin Netanyahu following the United States  decision to block a Palestinian official from a U.N. appointment for fear it would hurt Bibi s precious little feelings. The United States was disappointed to see a letter indicating the intention to appoint the former Palestinian Authority prime minister to lead the UN Mission in Libya,  unqualified mess of a human being and U.N. ambassador Nikki Haley said. For too long the U.N. has been unfairly biased in favor of the Palestinian Authority to the detriment of our allies in Israel. This, of course, is sure to make Netanyahu happy prior to the meeting, where he and Trump are expected to discuss moving the U.S. embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.The paper posted what appears to be a  tongue-in-cheek  photo correction, claiming that they were sent the photo by the Associated Press.It is unclear if this was an honest mistake or an  alt-mistake,  but one thing is for certain   Trump is not going to be happy when he sees this.Featured image via screengrab",0
2571, JK Rowling Is Absolutely Destroying Piers Morgan For Being A Sniveling Trump Groveler (TWEETS),"Washed up television personality Piers Morgan has had a rough 24 hours.Appearing on Bill Maher s Real Time, the Trump supporting former celebrity tried to defend Trump s Muslim ban and justify  giving Trump a chance.  The rest of the panel was not interested in appeasing Trump s bigotry. Most notably, Morgan got publicly humiliated by Australian comedian Jim Jefferies, who flatly told Morgan to take his defense of Trump and  f*ck off. It was beautiful.Here s the video:But Morgan s nightmare 24 hours were just beginning. Unable to let it go, Morgan immediately spent the next 12 hours screaming that he wasn t owned on Twitter. As you might suspect, yelling  I m not owned!  for half a day on social media almost assuredly means you were, in fact, owned.Enter J.K. Rowling, who took the opportunity to further slay Morgan   kicking off a whole new series of meltdowns from Piers.Yes, watching Piers Morgan being told to fuck off on live TV is *exactly* as satisfying as I'd always imagined. https://t.co/4FII8sYmIt  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) February 11, 2017A brief run down of recent offenses that make seeing Piers Morgan be told to f*ck off extremely satisfying:F*ck. Off. Piers.Piers responded to Rowling s brutal takedown by saying he s never paid attention to Harry Potter (an obvious lie, considering he wrote an entire article about it). Rowling wasn t impressed.Because you had a premonition that one day the author would roar with laughter at seeing you called out for your bullshit on live TV? https://t.co/8rkKSqJTnG  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) February 11, 2017Then brought out the mic drop..@piersmorgan If only you'd read Harry Potter, you'd know the downside of sucking up to the biggest bully in school is getting burned alive.  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) February 11, 2017#StillHurts pic.twitter.com/28rUHy2McC  J.K. Rowling (@jk_rowling) February 11, 2017Piers Morgan was last seen still screaming  I wasn t owned! to anybody who will listen.Featured image via Chris Jackson/Getty Images",0
2572, WATCH: Republican Calls Town Hall Crowd ‘Children’ After They Boo His Lies About Affordable Care Act,"Republicans are still pushing the lie that the Affordable Care Act includes  death panels. Back in 2009, Sarah Palin repeatedly claimed that President Obama s signature healthcare law forces elderly people to go before panels to decide whether they get medical care or not. Other Republicans soon started making the same claim even though there is no such thing as  death panels  in the law.Politifact even rated the lie as their  Lie of the Year  in 2009.But even though Palin s  death panel  claim was declared a lie by fact-checkers in 2009, Republicans are still repeating it in 2017 to justify repealing the healthcare law that provides health insurance to 30 million Americans.During a town hall meeting held by GOP Rep. Gus Bilirakis in Florida on Saturday, Republican county secretary Bill Akins took the stage and repeated the  death panel  lie to the constituents who packed the room. Here s the problem I have with the Affordable Care Act,  Akins said.  Number one, there is a provision in there that anyone over the age of 74 has to go before what is effectively a death panel. Bilirakis  constituents immediately roared in disapproval. Yes, they do,  Akin continued.  It s in there, folks. You re wrong. The audience knew that Akins was lying and began booing him and calling him out. Akin insisted that the provision is real, but the crowd would have none of it.Akin then proceeded to insult the crowd by calling them  children. Okay, children,  he said, taunting them further.  Alright, children. Here s the video via YouTube.So, a Republican literally just insulted the constituents of a fellow Republican. Yeah, that s totally not going to bite Bilirakis on the ass when the next election comes around.Akin s response to the crowd demonstrates exactly what Republicans think of the American people, especially citizens who criticize them or dare to call them out on their lies.The fact is that there are no death panels in the Affordable Care Act. However, Donald Trump is trying to turn Medicaid into an actual death panel program and this is something Republicans in Congress apparently support.Trump s plan would turn Medicaid into a block grant program where each state gets a certain amount of money for healthcare. When the money runs out, states would have to decide who gets medical care and who doesn t. That s what a death panel really is.The Affordable Care Act, on the other hand, provides health insurance to millions of Americans to cover their healthcare needs.If anyone acted like a child during this town hall, it was Bill Akin for telling a baldfaced lie and then resorting to name-calling when he got called out for it. Americans are being treated like little kids by Republicans and Republicans should pay the price for it in 2018.Featured image via screenshot ",0
2573, BREAKING: Lithuania Warns That Russia Is Preparing For War Against Europe,"With their puppet firmly secured in the White House, Russia is now poised to take full advantage of it.Throughout the campaign, Donald Trump threatened to pull the United States out of NATO and suggested that America would not help defend our European allies against an attack unless they pay what amounts to a ransom. Trump has also gotten really cozy with Vladimir Putin, who launched an attack against Ukraine and seized the Crimea in 2014.And now that Putin has Trump as his puppet, Russia could probably march military forces throughout Europe without having to worry about the United States retaliating.That s certainly the fear of many Eastern European nations, including Lithuania, whose president is now warning that Russia is preparing for war on a massive scale.President Dalia Grybauskaite is concerned about an upcoming Russian military exercise with Belarus that appears to be a preparation for an invasion. We witness various threats growing and we are awaiting with concern the Zapad 2017 exercise,  she said.  At a time when many numerous and aggressive forces will amass together a demonstrative preparation for war with the West is coming. Indeed, Russia is building up its military and Belarus just so happens to border Latvia, Lithuania, and Poland, all of which the Soviet Union once had control of behind the Iron Curtain.According to Newsweek,The security committee chief in Lithuania s parliament, Vytautas Bakas, said he believed Zapad 2017 would be the largest foreign military drill at his country s borders. According to Russia s Ministry of Defence, its heavy duty railway traffic to Belarus will increase by 83 percent this year, suggesting a transfer of a lot of cargo.If Russia is preparing for war against Europe the only power on Earth capable of stopping them is the United States. But with Trump fawning over Putin and perhaps owing a debt to the Russian leader for putting him in the White House, it s looking more unlikely that Trump would do anything to anger his new best friend. Trump has even considering loosening economic sanctions which will free up finances for Russia to use for their military buildup.Donald Trump is abandoning our European allies and that should worry every single American in this country. Because if Russia does launch an attack on Europe, it s going to be massive. And if Trump did decide to intervene, it will be late because he is an incompetent decision-maker. That means our military would have a disadvantage and thousands could die. It may even take a military draft, the very kind that Donald Trump himself dodged to get out of fighting for this country, to stop Russia. And that means even more American blood could be spilled in Europe because Donald Trump cares more about Putin liking him than he does about America, our allies, and our citizens.Featured image via Greg Baker-Pool/Getty Images and Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
2574, WATCH: Colbert HILARIOUSLY Portrays Trump As A Little Girl And The Internet Is Laughing Out Loud,"Donald Trump is totally going to lose his sh*t when he sees this.As we all know, Trump is insecure about the size of his hands and he has a major problem with women mocking him.So when Melissa McCarthy played Sean Spicer on Saturday Night Live last week it not only lite the Internet on fire, the skit enraged Trump because Spicer was played by a woman, which Trump believes makes Spicer look weak. You know, because Trump doesn t consider women strong, independent, and equal to men.Well, Late Show host Stephen Colbert took Trump s gripe and ran with it on Friday night. Evidently, he was not laughing because apparently, Trump thought a woman playing a man  makes Spicer look weak,  Colbert began.  First of all, I have met Melissa McCarthy and she could kick the ass of every man in that administration. And then Colbert unveiled the greatest trolling of Trump seen yet. If the president thinks a woman portraying Sean Spicer makes him look weak, then he s really not going to like this picture we made of a little girl pretending to be Donald Trump. And he s especially not going to like it when you retweet it at him with the hashtag #LargerHands. Here s the video via Twitter.Tonight! We don t think @realDonaldTrump is going to like this very much. #LSSC pic.twitter.com/GD0lUflQWM  The Late Show (@colbertlateshow) February 11, 2017And here s the tweet Donald Trump is going to throw a hissy fit about.Hey @realdonaldtrump, here s a picture of little girl pretending to be you, enjoy! #LargerHands #LSSC pic.twitter.com/9tK4NEpnIE  The Late Show (@colbertlateshow) February 11, 2017Colbert urged everyone to share the image and Twitter users obliged and mocked Trump s hand size as well.Hey @realDonaldTrump my 9 year old has #LargerHands, he also has more diplomacy. pic.twitter.com/mo1Lhy8a2g  Kristen (@kcseidel1) February 11, 2017@realDonaldTrump love what you ve done with your hair #largerhands pic.twitter.com/7GA0DzuGj2  Alan Batteiger (@AlanBatteiger) February 11, 2017Colbert also made sure to remind everyone that sharing the image is their civic duty.Before you go to sleep, remember, it s your civic duty to make sure @realdonaldtrump knows that this little girl has #LargerHands. #LSSC pic.twitter.com/gryHPDduKi  The Late Show (@colbertlateshow) February 11, 2017Again, Twitter users obliged..@colbertlateshow Madame Tussaud s in NYC shows exactly how I have #largerhands than @realDonaldTrump. @StephenAtHome could check his there! pic.twitter.com/5fqdnCAF7c   joohoo (@ajoohoo) February 11, 2017@colbertlateshow @realDonaldTrump This litle girl has #largerhands then you and is probably more qualified to be President. Resign. Sad!  Harrison Garcia (@MalcontentMic) February 11, 2017@colbertlateshow @realDonaldTrump She also has more self regulation and reading comprehension.  Katrien (@Kat7115) February 11, 2017Of course, Trump supporters are whining and accusing Colbert of bullying their hero, conveniently ignoring that comedians poked fun at President Obama for eight years. The only difference is that President Obama could take a joke while Trump is a joke.Featured image via screenshot ",0
2575, Trump Outrageously Refers To Elizabeth Warren As ‘Pocahontas’ During Meeting With Senators,"This is totally unpresidential behavior.Throughout the campaign, Donald trump repeatedly attacked Senator Elizabeth Warren by calling her  Pocahontas  just because Warren has Native American ancestry.Warren fired back on multiple occasions and often destroyed Trump to the point where he stopped attacking her.Trump s nasty attacks on Warren were outrageous during the campaign, and they are even more outrageous now that he occupies the White House as the so-called  President of the United States. During a meeting with Republican and Democratic senators on Thursday, Trump brought up Warren s effort to read a letter by Coretta Scott King to the Senate in which King condemned Jeff Sessions  racism and voiced her opposition to his nomination for a federal judgeship back in 1986.As Warren tried to read the letter, Mitch McConnell silenced her and Republicans voted to basically censure her because they claim the letter impugned Sessions   character.  You know, because calling out a racist has somehow become a bad thing in our society.Politico reports,According to participants in Thursday s meeting, Trump referred to Warren several times as  Pocahontas,  the moniker he gave her during his campaign, and told the Democrats he was glad Warren is becoming the face of  your party. Seriously. Trump actually referred to a sitting United States Senator as  Pocahontas,  which at this point should be considered a racial slur the way he is using it. Republicans apparently had no problem with Trump s disgraceful attack on Warren.Trump is no longer a bombastic political candidate trying to get attention. He is the f*cking president now and this kind of behavior is embarrassing and stains the dignity of the office.Make no mistake, Donald Trump not only owes Warren and the Democratic Party an apology, he owes America an apology.This kind of behavior is intolerable and he should be ashamed of himself.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2576, White House DELETES Key Parts Of McClatchy Story On Trump’s Muslim Ban In Press Release,"The White House, still trying to make Trump look like he s perfect, blasted out a press release containing an article from McClatchy. Titled  Trump Is Not The First President To Ban Foreigners. So Why Is This Time Different?  they removed several full paragraphs detailing out the problems legal and otherwise with the Muslim ban.What remains is a benign story that makes it sound like McClatchy agrees that Trump is just doing what every other president did.Sean Spicer s office put the first six paragraphs of the story in, then an ellipsis, indicating that some material had been removed from the original story. Two more paragraphs later, another ellipsis, two paragraphs after that, another ellipsis, and an ellipsis at the end. While one could say that they did that due to available space, they literally removed everything that was critical of Trump, and left only the parts that weren t. That makes it a little harder to justify removing material because,  We ran out of space. Four of the missing paragraphs read:A flurry of lawsuits was immediately filed after Trump s order on behalf of immigrants detained or barred from entering the United States. U.S. District Judge James Robart, a Republican appointee, temporarily blocked the order from taking effect on a nationwide basis Friday following a half-dozen rulings by other federal judges that had backed more limited challenges. Such a temporary stay is granted generally only if a judge believes that side will prevail on the merits of the case, according to legal experts.They say that while Trump s executive order may rely on the same law as his predecessors , it differs from theirs in two important ways.First, it s much broader, banning all people from multiple countries, including those whose status had already been determined. Second, the order could be deemed unconstitutional because it discriminates against people based on their religion; the order calls for special consideration for followers of minority religions from the affected countries, a certain reference to Christians.The difference with Trump s order, said Erin Corcoran, an immigration law professor at the University of New Hampshire Law School, is that usually presidents cite more specific, immediate national threats than Trump s order did and target those who may come to the United States in the future, not those who already have legal status or are en route.The third ellipsis in the press release omits these paragraphs:Steve Legomsky, who served as senior counsel to the secretary of homeland security on immigration issues and as chief counsel of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services and emeritus professor of law at Washington University in St. Louis, said Trump used the power in  a very different way than ever before  in part because he didn t isolate a subcategory of people.Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates, an Obama appointee who was to serve until Trump s nominee to lead the Justice Department was installed, was fired after she refused to enforce his executive order because she felt it was intended to disadvantage Muslims. I am responsible for ensuring that the positions we take in court remain consistent with this institution s solemn obligation to always seek justice and stand for what is right,  Yates said in a letter.  At present, I am not convinced that the defense of the executive order is consistent with these responsibilities nor am I convinced that the executive order is lawful.Previous presidential orders didn t draw court challenges or trigger such a major national debate as Trump s order.And the ellipsis at the end omits this:Harold Koh, a former legal adviser at the State Department who s now an international law professor at Yale University, said, however, that the courts would likely narrow the order as the litigation went on. It s a mark of how this process has been going,  he said.  You could end up having one that s a shadow of the original order. All of that highlights the major differences that exist between this order and others that past presidents have issued. Any evidence that these seven countries represent a specific threat to the U.S. is being kept under tight wraps. In fact, the Department of Justice told the 9th Circuit that the president had intel that nobody else has, and made his decision based on that.They did not provide that intel to the court, though, despite the fact that courts often have to review classified info to make a proper ruling on a case. There are even rules and regulations in place to govern that kind of thing.Right now, Trump says that he s considering several options for the Muslim ban, including appealing to the Supreme Court and just issuing a new order. In fact, White House lawyers (surprise, surprise) are supposedly drafting a new order that they say will better comply with the law.The White House s press release does include links to McClatchy s story, but they re probably banking on people not clicking the links, or maybe hoping people don t understand what they re reading. Regardless, the dishonesty of this administration continues unabated.Featured image by Andrew Harrer-Pool via Getty Images",0
2577, Two More Stores Drop Trump’s Merchandise; They Know He’s Toxic,"There s a good chance that you haven t been inside either a Kmart or a Sears in decades. Most Americans haven t, which is why the brands (both owned by Sears) are in trouble.On Thursday, they might have had some inspiration, though. Nordstrom dropped their line of Ivanka Trump clothing and jewelry brand and despite a bitter tweet from Ivanka s father, their stock surged.My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person   always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017This decision made Trump so furious that he sent his spokesperson, Kellyanne Conway, to make a completely unethical sales pitch for Ivanka. Go buy Ivanka s stuff, is what I would tell you,  Conway said.  It s a wonderful line. I own some of it. I fully   I m going to just, I m going to give a free commercial here: Go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online. She allegedly received a slap on the wrist, but she denied it, saying that  POTUS supports me. So, both Kmart and Sears, which both carry Trump Home items, have followed the high-end department store s lead and are dropping the Trump name altogether. As part of the company s initiative to optimize its online product assortment, we constantly refine that assortment to focus on our most profitable items,  a Sears Holdings spokesperson told Business Insider.  Amid that streamlining effort, 31 Trump Home items were among the items removed online this week. Products from the line are still offered online via third-party Marketplace vendors. While you can still find some items for Trump home and some shoes in Ivanka s line on their third-party part of their website, here s what happens when you search the store part of Kmart s website.And here s Sears:No doubt, Trump will eventually flag them as failing brands, and there s more than a grain of truth to that, but a bigger failing brand is Donald Trump. Just three weeks in, most Americans think he s doing a horrific job and nearly half think he should be impeached.As of the time this post was written, there was still no response from Trump, but he s busy mortifying the Japanese Prime Minister. Besides, Trump s most petulant tweets don t typically come till around 3:00 AM.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images.",0
2578," Instead Of The Middle East, Trump Sent His Terrorism Taskforce To The Midwest; Why?","Donald Trump has no real platform other than be afraid, be very afraid. In Trump s imaginary world, we are all about to be wiped out by terrorists, but not the gun toting right-wing Trump follower type. No, we re all about to be killed by green card holding people from countries from the Middle East, but not actually from the countries that have ever attacked us. Earlier in the week, Trump s Press Secretary said this: I don t think it should be any surprise that the president, when it comes to rooting out radical Islamic terrorism, which is what that initially was supposed to be focused on, he is going to make sure that that is a major focus of his   keeping this country safe,  Spicer said.Source: OPBIf that s the case, then why the hell is the FBI terrorism task force worried about some peaceful protesters in the Midwest?The Guardian reports that the Trump administration has its FBI terrorism task force harassing people who are protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline in North Dakota, instead of working to protect the lives of, you know, the American people. Instead, Trump seems to be redefining the word terrorism to fit anyone who interferes with his corporate or personal agenda. In this case, it s people who might interfere with oil company profits. The idea that the government would attempt to construe this indigenous-led non-violent movement into some kind of domestic terrorism investigation is unfathomable to me,  said Lauren Regan, a civil rights attorney who has provided legal support to demonstrators who were contacted by representatives of the FBI.  It s outrageous, it s unwarranted   and it s unconstitutional. Source: The GuardianNot only is this about enriching his buddies, but there is apparently a direct conflict of interest.Trump, a former investor in Energy Transfer Partners, the Texas-based firm behind the pipeline, took executive action in his first week in office to expedite the project. On Wednesday, workers began drilling to complete the pipeline across the Missouri river.There is so much that s disconcerting about this. Three days after a right-wing Trump supporting actual terrorist shot up a mosque in Canada, Trump removed any mention of right-wing terrorism from the website. Instead, he said he wanted to focus strictly on Islamic terrorism. So where exactly do protesters in the Midwest, many of whom are Native American fit in? It s simple, they don t. Trump is creating a new police state. We are either with him or against him and if we are against him, well, we too could be called terrorists. Oh, and did I mention that he wants to torture terror suspects?Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images.",0
2579, The Federal Election Commission Just Told Trump They’re DONE With His ‘Voter Fraud’ Lies,"Trump is still beating his  widespread voter fraud  drum, and it hasn t escaped the notice of the Federal Election Commission. Now it seems their frustration has overflowed, because one of the commissioners finally demanded that Trump produce his evidence. Ellen Weintraub, the commissioner in question, issued a formal statement on the matter after Trump told the Senate that thousands of people were bussed from Massachusetts to New Hampshire on Election Day.Apparently those people who were bussed to New Hampshire to vote against him are why he and Kelly Ayotte lost. Weintraub didn t mince words in her statement. She said: The scheme the President of the United States alleges would constitute thousands of felony criminal offenses under New Hampshire law The President has issued an extraordinarily serious and specific charge. Allegations of this magnitude cannot be ignored. She s right   if there really is this kind of voter fraud going on, we need to know. The proper authorities need to know so they can begin investigating and prosecuting those responsible, and so the states can overhaul their election laws to prevent this from happening again.Trump, however, refuses to release his evidence, most likely because he doesn t have any. Knowing President Asterisk, the evidence is people who look like they can t legally vote were voting, and also that he lost that state (and the national popular vote), which just can t possibly have happened.The White House has already made it clear they ll stand behind Trump. Sean Spicer even said: The president does believe [there is widespread fraud]. It s a belief that he s maintained for a while, a concern that he has about voter fraud. And that s based on information that s provided. What information? That s what Weintraub wanted to know when she went on to stick it to Trump on that issue at the end of her statement: I therefore call upon President Trump to immediately share his evidence with the public and with the appropriate law-enforcement authorities so that his allegations may be investigated promptly and thoroughly. That will never happen, because there is no evidence to provide. Read the full statement below:I call upon @POTUS to immediately share NH voter-fraud evidence so that his allegations may be investigated promptly https://t.co/cyjUTMXptk pic.twitter.com/DAnsA1cB0n  Ellen L Weintraub (@EllenLWeintraub) February 10, 2017Featured image by Mario Tama via Getty Images",0
2580, Even Indiana’s Republicans Are Trying To Erase Any Evidence Pence Ever Existed,"While the entire nation is struggling with the question of who is worse, Donald Trump or Mike Pence, the state of Indiana is thrilled to be rid of the right-wing conservative Pence who was their governor until just a few weeks ago, and they re doing everything to erase his legacy and all of this is being orchestrated by the replacement that Pence picked.Governor Eric Holcomb was chosen by Pence as his lieutenant governor. Pence has often said that he s  a Christian, a conservative and a Republican, in that order.  Holcomb, on the other hand is definitely a Christian, but he s a lot more pragmatic and frankly, next to Pence, anyone seems moderate, well, except perhaps the man who currently occupies the Oval Office.In just these last three weeks, Holcomb has cancelled a contract that would have leased cellphone towers to an Ohio company which would have left Indiana residents to foot the bill for construction projects.He also pardoned a wrongly convicted man who served nearly two decades in prison.Holcomb also pardoned Keith Cooper, who was wrongfully convicted of robbery nearly 20 years ago, and declared a disaster emergency for an East Chicago neighborhood where residents have been forced to relocate because of lead contamination.Pence had declined to pardon Cooper before leaving office, insisting that he exhaust his legal options despite resounding evidence of his innocence. Pence s refusal to exonerate the 49-year-old Chicago man came despite a pardon recommendation from the Indiana Parole Board and an online petition urging Pence to clear Cooper s name that had collected more than 100,000 signatures.Source: IndyStarWhile Holcomb hasn t exactly turned Indiana into a liberal haven, he does support a local needle exchange. Pence didn t. Pence preferred to take the see no evil approach and pretend that if we pray hard enough and disapprove firmly enough, people won t do drugs and they won t get sick from sharing needles. That doesn t work. To be fair, though, Pence did eventually succumb, but he still opposed giving local officials the authority to enact such an exchange.Right before he left office, Pence vetoed two bills. One gave university police departments (you know, the ones who are so often charged with investigating sexual assaults and hate crimes) total secrecy and the other prevented the state from establishing stronger environmental regulations than the feds without the General Assembly s approval. Both vetoes were overridden.House Minority Leader Scott Pelath, D-Michigan City, called the turn away from Pence s policies  fascinating. The Mike Pence legacy came to a very quick end today, probably the shortest one in Indiana gubernatorial history,  he said.  We just saw his final two vetoes overridden. Gov. Holcomb made the very common sense decision to address the East Chicago lead problem, which has been our own Flint (Mich.) in the making. He pardoned an innocent man which seems basic human decency. And he allowed that bicentennial cellphone tower deal to die a cow s death here in the Hoosier state. Residents of Indiana aren t exactly hopeful that they ll turn blue, but it s interesting that Trump s (and Pence s) coattails seem to be non-existent, just a few weeks into the the administration. Trump is no leader and even other Republicans are beginning to see that.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images ",0
2581, The Look On The Japanese Leader’s Face After Meeting With Trump Says Everything (VIDEO),"Alleged president Donald Trump met with Japanese Prime Minister Shinz  Abe and the former reality show star showed the world what an amateur he is. Welcome  to the very famous White House,  Trump told Abe in his opening statement during the joint press conference. Abe was very polite and humble during the exchange. Trump told Abe that since the inauguration he s  learned tremendous things. Trump said that includes information about threats to national security. Trump said that that information is something  that you could only learn, frankly, if you were in a certain position   namely, president. Polito reports that Trump also said at the end of the press conference that they re good friends but if that  changes  he ll  let you (reporters) know. Trump said he and Abe have already  developed a great friendship,  citing their past meeting inside Trump Tower and their interaction earlier Friday.  When I greeted him today at the car, I was saying   I shook hands, but I grabbed him and hugged him because that s the way we feel,  Trump said.  We have a very, very good bond. Very, very good chemistry. I ll let you know if it changes, but I don t think it will. The two shook hands, then the Prime Minister turned his head to the side with a pained look on his face. Abe did a semi-eyeroll before getting up from the chair.Abe s facial expression is ? pic.twitter.com/etYaiNH6vp  Brenna Williams (@brennawilliams) February 10, 2017We re sure Abe has seen Trump s Twitter timeline where just this morning he slammed the federal appeal court s ruling against his controversial travel ban on seven predominantly Muslim countries. Trump should have welcomed Abe to the  infamous  White House instead. Trump is just three weeks into the job and his administration is plagued with scandals. Michael Flynn, his national security adviser, is under fire for potentially breaking the law after reports late Thursday noted he discussed sanctions against the Kremlin with the Russian ambassador in December, despite the administration s past denials. Kellyanne Conway violated ethical guidelines by hawking Ivanka Trump s clothing line on Fox & Friends. She did that while seated in the White House briefing room. And that s just the short list.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
2582, POLL: Most Trump Supporters Say Fake ‘Bowling Green Massacre’ Justifies Muslim Ban,"Did you know that people who support Donald Trump s unconstitutional Muslim ban are idiots? This isn t just a flippant remark about them; there s evidence   like the fact that most of them think the Bowling Green Massacre, which did not happen, completely justifies Trump s executive order.A new report from Public Policy Polling found that most Americans   48 to 43 percent   view the  travel ban  as targeting Muslims , and only 22 percent of Americans support that position. In fact, the phrase  one would have to be an idiot to support the Muslim ban  is now more true than ever. Do you agree or disagree with the following statement:  the Bowling Green massacre shows why we need Donald Trump s executive order on immigration?  respondents were asked, with 57 percent disagreeing and only 23 percent backing that position.The low number of Americans who still somehow think the Bowling Green Massacre is real is positive   but when PPP looked at numbers among Trump supporters, they found that more than half view the Massacre That Didn t Happen as justification for Trump s ban:66% of Americans consider the United States to be a safe country, to only 23% who consider it unsafe. Perhaps as an outgrowth of that sentiment only 45% of voters support Trump s Executive Order on immigration, to 49% who are opposed to it. Among those who do support it you have to wonder how well thought out their position is- by a 51/23 margin Trump voters say that the Bowling Green Massacre shows why Trump s immigration policy is needed. By a 48/43 spread, voters do think that the intent of the Executive Order is to be a Muslim ban. And just 22% support a Muslim ban, to 65% who are opposed.Trump is likely sweating bullets, as the poll also reveals that almost half   48 percent of Americans   want to see him impeached. His henchmen and women are growing steadily more unpopular too. 47 percent of Americans (compared to 34 percent who like her) find Kellyanne Conway to be detestable, 41 percent (32% like him) are dissatisfied with Sean Spicer s performance. A whopping 49 percent (compared to 27 percent) don t like Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, and 72 percent hate Trump s best friend Vladimir Putin. In fact   a sign of how desperate things have gotten   more Americans (38 percent to 30 percent) say they would rather see Mike Pence as President than Trump. Hillary Clinton still wins in that regard, 49 percent to 45 percent.Even worse for Trump is the demographics of those polled. Only 39 percent of respondents identify as Democrats while 60 percent say they are Republicans or Independents, the exact groups Trump courted when he was running for President. In other words, there s no claiming that this poll was loaded with Democrats for Trump fans.Donald Trump said during the election that he loves the  poorly educated,  but he might as well have said stupid. Though Kellyanne Conway has used the Bowling Green Massacre in her scaremongering numerous time and ultimately admitted she lied about its existence, The Donald s supporters still take it as gospel. They ve gone from  alternative facts  to  alternative reality. featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)/screengrab",0
2583, Betsy DeVos Asked A Dumb Question On Twitter And Got Her A** Handed To Her By Teachers,"Donald Trump s Education Secretary is off to a terribly embarrassing start.Just a day after being confirmed by the Senators she paid for after Mike Pence cast a tie-breaking vote, Betsy DeVos is already proving how ignorant she is about teaching and education.After her first full day in the position, DeVos posted a tweet about it and then joked about not knowing where the pencils are, which is pretty damn insulting to teachers since they usually have to buy their own pencils and other supplies.Day 1 on the job is done, but we re only getting started. Now where do I find the pencils? :) pic.twitter.com/0vRKF1opE9  Betsy DeVos (@BetsyDeVos) February 9, 2017Understandably, teachers and their supporters were pretty pissed off about DeVos  question and they absolutely trashed her for it in response.@BetsyDeVos not in the thousands of public schools that can barely afford supplies. Looking forward to you cleaning that lil issue up.  Erin Weaver (@ByErinWeaver) February 9, 2017@BetsyDeVos Enjoy destroying our education system. Good luck with your incompetence.  Alisha Grauso (@AlishaGrauso) February 9, 2017@BetsyDeVos you realize how NOT funny this is since most teachers buy their own supplies. But I bet you re gonna pink slip them anyway.  MalyndaHale (@MalyndaHale) February 9, 2017@BetsyDeVos A true educator wouldn t have to ask  we carry them with us at all times  Laura Fischer (@Buckeyegal2008) February 9, 2017@BetsyDeVos You worked a whole day but didn t have anything to write with? Maybe you could hold a bake sale to buy some pencils.  (((David Lytle))) (@davitydave) February 9, 2017@BetsyDeVos You gave the @GOP $200 million and not one of them will help you find supplies? @marcorubio?  eBaum s World (@ebaumsworld) February 9, 2017@BetsyDeVos At the store. Something you should know: we teachers buy pencils and supplies for our classes with our OWN money.  Robin McCauley Lynch (@RobinMcCauley) February 9, 2017@RobinMcCauley @WendyLiebman @BetsyDeVos I know teachers who use their own money for supplies and that s wrong. Teachers deserve better.  Race Bannon (@BannonRace) February 9, 2017@BetsyDeVos I don t know, maybe go to a public school and get one?  USC (@AlumniUSC) February 9, 2017Funny enough, DeVos did, in fact, try to go to a public school on Friday morning and got blocked by protesters at the entrance. So she ran away..@BetsyDeVos is this what you plan to do with your pencil while public school teachers work hard to educate and protect students? pic.twitter.com/fzyCPlhLkb  Jaipreet Virdi (@jaivirdi) February 9, 2017. @BetsyDeVos If YOU work in education, YOU buy the pencils, the paper, &, sometimes, a kid s shoes. Spend a week in a school & GET A CLUE.  Crystal (@CMorganNC) February 9, 2017@BetsyDeVos Why don t you buy some pencils like you bought off your confirmation?  Easy D (@DaveStylee) February 9, 2017Betsy DeVos doesn t give a damn about education. She only cares about indoctrinating our kids into her extremist religion and gutting the Education Department from the inside will help her do exactly that. She should have never been confirmed but Republicans are easily bought.Teachers work hard to educate our kids. They often have to spend their own money to make sure the classroom has enough supplies, including pencils. Betsy DeVos deserves all the mockery she is receiving.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2584, Trump And His ‘Law And Order’ AG Sign Executive Orders Giving Cops Power To Shoot Black People,"Police violence against people of color is a huge problem in America. The worst part of it is that these people almost never even make it to trial, much less get convicted. It s a horrific pattern of abuse and state-sanctioned murder that seems to have no end in sight. Well, tragically, under Donald Trump and his new racist Attorney General Jeff Sessions, things are about to get a whole hell of a lot worse.As soon as Sessions was sworn in, he stood with Trump as they announced three new executive orders giving cops even more power to murder with impunity and without consequence. Citing the  threat of rising crime  and  public safety  as his justifications, Trump just signed the death warrants of many more people of color at the hands of police. Trump says of the orders: I am directing the Department of Justice to reduce crimes and crimes of violence against law enforcement officers. It s a shame, what has been happening to our great, our truly great, law enforcement officers. That is going to stop today. Trump went on to basically threaten people with the orders, saying he was sending a  clear sign  to anyone who might put a toe out of line. He said to the would-be criminals: Your day is over. A new era of justice begins and it begins right now. One of the documents is said to define new federal crimes, and increase penalties for existing federal crimes, in order to prevent violence  when it comes to cops getting shot. Of course, they had nothing to say regarding the scores of people who are killed by cops with no justification whatsoever. To compare, 2016 saw 135 cops killed, while 968 people were killed BY cops. So, yeah, the real problem here is violence, sure, but it s not against the police.Trump and Sessions know good and damn well who they are targeting here. It s not people who look like them or their kids. It s people of color who are often stopped by police for no good reason whatsoever.Let s face it   this will lead to more murder by cop and mass incarceration of people of color, which is, of course, exactly what racists like Donald Trump and Jeff Sessions want.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2585, Trump Embarrasses Himself By Calling Accurate New York Times Story ‘Fake News’,"Donald Trump posted his most embarrassing attack on the New York Times yet on Friday.Proving once again that he really should think before he tweets, Trump reacted to a New York Times article that accurately reported that he hadn t spoken to Chinese President Xi Jingping since November 14th.Ever since Trump took a phone call from Taiwan, and basically treated Taiwan like a legitimate nation, China has not been happy. It has been American policy for decades that the president does not communicate with Taiwan because China considers Taiwan part of the real China.The  One China Policy  has been a crucial agreement between China and the United States, but Trump blew that all to hell with a single phone call and has been escalating confrontation with China ever since.The New York Times published a story on Thursday before Trump spoke with China s president to end the silence between them.Again, let s be absolutely clear. The new York Times published this story BEFORE Trump talked to Jingping. Once the Times learned of Trump s phone call, the story was updated to reflect the new information. However, it does not change the fact that up to that point, Trump had, indeed, not spoken with Jingping since November.But Donald Trump is not much of a reader, so instead of reading the updated version, he caught the older version of the story and promptly lost his shit on Twitter over it.The failing @nytimes does major FAKE NEWS China story saying  Mr.Xi has not spoken to Mr. Trump since Nov.14.  We spoke at length yesterday!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 10, 2017Yeah, this is pretty damn embarrassing and the Internet let Trump know it.@realDonaldTrump Subscriptions to the New York Times have doubled since you announced your candidacy. Stock is up 20%.  Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) February 10, 2017@realDonaldTrump Anyway what are u talking about? There s a story about the phone call on the front page right now.https://t.co/LgUkEgwUcK  Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) February 10, 2017.@realDonaldTrump also, they re not failing. no matter how many times you say it: pic.twitter.com/4tv6FGzm8Q  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 10, 2017.@realDonaldTrump OK, I m actually not sure if this is a blatant lie or reading comprehension issue. pic.twitter.com/BFPrwQq7Mv  Lauren Duca (@laurenduca) February 10, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes That you misread the Times story & then immediately tweet-raged shows lack of emotion regulation & self control  Andrea Kuszewski (@AndreaKuszewski) February 10, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes Conversations that took place after the story was written doesn t make them false.  Kelly Scaletta (@KellyScaletta) February 10, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nytimes the only thing that s failing is your presidency.  Ben Rachinger (@BenSRachinger) February 10, 2017Seriously, Trump could done a simple search to find the updated version of the story but he is so petty and thin-skinned that he immediately lashed out instead of getting all the facts.And the fact is that prior to their conversation yesterday, Trump had not spoken to Jinping since November 14th, meaning the New York Times article was accurate and they continued to be accurate when they updated the story.Trump owes the New York Times a public apology.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2586, WATCH: Trump Education Minion Betsy DeVos Runs Away After Being Blocked From Entering Public School,"Donald Trump s Education Secretary found out how hated she is on Friday.Betsy DeVos bought her way onto Trump s Cabinet earlier this month after a long confirmation battle. DeVos nearly lost in the Senate and it took a tie-breaking vote from Mike Pence to secure her confirmation. Of course, DeVos is only in her position today because she gave millions of dollars to sitting Republican senators.Her nomination was hotly contested because she wants to destroy the public education system in favor of religious schools. It also didn t help that she supports an organization that thinks children should be able to work in mines and thinks guns belong in schools to defend against bears.Seriously.Anyway, when DeVos attempted to visit a pubic school in Washington DC on Friday she was met by protesters who refused to let her in the door. The shamed her and ordered her to leave. She does not represent anything that they stand for!  one protester said. Keep giving money to Senate and buying your way into the position,  said another.  You should be so proud of yourself! Rather than keep trying, DeVos ran away, got in a vehicle and drove off as protesters continued yelling their disapproval.Here s the video via Twitter.WATCH: Sec. Betsy DeVos physically blocked by protesters from entering DC school turned away and left. Video: @SweeneyABC pic.twitter.com/RAycuKEVgm  ABC 7 News   WJLA (@ABC7News) February 10, 2017According to Huffington Post,Sitting Republican senators have received $115,000 from Betsy DeVos herself, and more than $950,000 from the full DeVos clan since 1980. In the past two election cycles alone, her family has donated $8.3 million to Republican Party super PACs.Furthermore, DeVos had openly admitted that she and her family have spent millions of dollars to buy influence and said she expects something in return. I have decided to stop taking offense at the suggestion that we are buying influence,  she once wrote.  Now I simply concede the point. They are right. We do expect something in return. And that is why she is now Secretary of Education and why millions of parents across the country are pissed off. They should not only block her from entering schools, they should block her from entering the Education Department.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2587," Trump LIVID Over Kellyanne Conway Backlash, Entire Team In CHAOS (TWEET)","Yesterday, White House counselor Kellyanne Conway sparked national outcry when she used a Fox & Friends interview as a pathetic commercial for Trump s daughter Ivanka, after Nordstrom became the latest retailer to drop Ivanka s brand from its stores. It was not only an incredibly awkward interview to watch as Conway shamelessly told viewers to buy Ivanka s products, but it was also highly unethical, causing Conway to get blasted for violating ethical guidelines.Earlier today, CNN reported that Conway had to apologize to Trump for the controversy, as federal employees are not supposed to endorse products or promote the goods of friends or family (even though Trump seems to do this quite often). White House press secretary Sean Spicer was even forced to respond to the backlash, stating that Conway had been  counseled  for her behavior.Now that Conway has apologized to Trump, she s apparently back in his graces and can continue spewing her alternative facts (aka blatant lies). Conway tweeted that Trump still supports her and her shameless lack of ethics:But not all is well just yet. According to CNN, Trump is not happy with Spicer s comments about having  counseled  Conway on the matter. Apparently, Trump said he  hated  what Spicer said.This is just the latest in the breakdown of Trump s chaotic, volatile team. Every day, there is a new f**k up or controversy to react to as Trump s team proves to be the most incompetent, dishonest, disorganized and troubled team we ve ever seen operate the White House. There have already been rumors that Trump is looking to replace Spicer and Conway continues to be shunned by the media over her pathological lies, which won t work in Trump s favor. It seems like Trump s biggest supporters, Conway and Spicer, are now doing more harm than good and things are definitely imploding faster than they can handle.Featured image via Alex Wong and Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2588," REPORT: Trump Hates Being President, Would Rather Play Golf At His Resort","Donald Trump reportedly no longer likes being president because he thought he would be able to act like a king.Thanks to brave staffers, we now know what life is like in the White House for Trump.Trump has had a very tough first three weeks as reality has made it clear that he can t run the government like a business. In a business, when the boss makes a policy it goes into effect and can t be held up or blocked. But Trump is finding out that his orders as president can be blocked and Trump learned that the hard way after the Ninth Circuit Court ruled against reinstating his travel ban on Thursday.A business owner can also hire their staff without any interference. But a president s staff is different. Cabinet positions must be approved by the Senate and Democrats are showing Republicans that turnabout is fair play by delaying and blocking Trump s nominees.Trump has also had to learn on the job, proving that he should have been paying more attention to briefings and studying rather than posting on Twitter. Of course, it doesn t really help that he is seeking help answering his questions from people like Steve Bannon and Jared Kushner, both of whom are just as inexperienced as Trump.According to Politico,In interviews, nearly two dozen people who ve spent time with Trump in the three weeks since his inauguration said that his mood has careened between surprise and anger as he s faced the predictable realities of governing, from congressional delays over his cabinet nominations and legal fights holding up his aggressive initiatives to staff in-fighting and leaks. Trump often asks simple questions about policies, proposals and personnel. And, when discussions get bogged down in details, the president has been known to quickly change the subject   to  seem in control at all times,  one senior government official said   or direct questions about details to his chief strategist Steve Bannon, his son-in-law Jared Kushner or House Speaker Paul Ryan. Trump has privately expressed disbelief over the ability of judges, bureaucrats or lawmakers to delay   or even stop   him from filling positions and implementing policies.Paranoia is also running rampant in the Trump White House. Trump would rather the public not know details of his phone calls to world leaders even though such information has been incredibly revealing in that it has exposed Trump s bullying of our allies and his continued sucking up to Russia.Trump has even ordered a witch hunt to find the staffers who are leaking information.Unlike President Obama, who could be leader of the free world and play golf at the same time, Trump apparently would rather leave running the country to others so he can play golf with his rich buddies at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida.Seriously, Trump should resign if he can t handle being president. It has only been three weeks and he already hates his new job. And it s only going to get worse for him as he continues to do things that the American people oppose.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
2589, House Dem Drops SHOCKING Bombshell On National Television About Trump’s Future (VIDEO),"Democratic Rep. Maxine Waters (D-CA) got super candid when she made several bombshell statements about the future of Trump s time in the White House on MSNBC.In an interview, Waters flat-out said that there was a VERY good chance Trump will not last his full term (even though he for some reason thinks he s going to last 8 years like highly respected former President Barack Obama). As new polls have just been released that report half of Americans want Trump to be impeached, Waters  words are particularly timely.Waters made several legitimate, solid points when she explained why Trump wouldn t make it to the end of his term. Waters mentioned Trump s numerous conflicts of interest, his controversial relationship with Russian leader Vladimir Putin, the disgusting anti-American statements he s made as well as the fact that the Republican Party is humiliated by him and will soon be tired of defending him. Waters explained: I don t think so because he s not going to be there for four years. He has disregarded constitutional questions. We re still digging into his conflicts of interest. His relationship to Putin and the Kremlin. I think there s a lot there. I don t intend to work with him or try to work with him, but I certainly don t intend for him to be around for four years. A lot people don t want to hear this. They re saying you re saying this, and you re talking about a president who has only been in office for a short period of time, but I do believe that he s vulnerable to impeachment. Waters also predicted that if the GOP realizes that there is a true link between Putin and Trump (and it certainly seems like there is), the Republicans will likely seek to impeach him.Waters  comments echo the predictions shared by many experts who have stated the likelihood of Trump being impeached. There is just far too much corruption surrounding him, and we re glad that Waters finally said what many members of Congress would only dare to think. You can watch her take down Trump below:Rep. Maxine Waters on Trump:  I certainly don t intend for him to be around for 4 years I do be that he is vulnerable to impeachment.  pic.twitter.com/l33zcC8eFZ  Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) February 9, 2017Featured image via screenshot and Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2590, Fox News Mocked Into Oblivion After This F*cking STUPID Attempt To Make Steve Bannon Look Sane (TWEETS),"In a desperate attempt to make Steve Bannon seem less like a crazed, apocalypse-obsessed maniac, Fox News played a little game with USA Today s deputy editorial opinion editor, David Mastio, who suggested in a recent piece that Steve Bannon and ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi shared  similar world views,  including  apocalyptic visions of a clash  between Muslims and the United States.It is true that both men share these viewpoints, but Fox took things to ridiculous levels in an effort to appear to disprove this theory. Apparently, because Bannon (unlike he and Trump s friend Putin) has not slaughtered journalists or used chemical weapons, he s a swell dude.Tucker Carlson quickly went through the chart, ticking off many of Baghdadi s more horrible actions:See? There you have it   Bannon, who until recently ran a website aimed at a white supremacist audience and who describes himself as a  Leninist  who wants to  destroy the state  is just A-OK!This cringeworthy attempt to make Bannon seem appealing by comparing him to one of the few people in the world who is worse than he is wasn t lost on the internet. Twitter users flocked to mock the right-wing  news  organization for this whatever this was.Here's another graphic you can use @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson pic.twitter.com/mMe56zG1QK  Not My President (@missmayn) February 9, 2017BREAKING: Steve Bannon a pretty good guy when compared to AIDS @FoxNews @TuckerCarlson pic.twitter.com/8WTY3sRGLe  Not My President (@missmayn) February 9, 2017@missmayn pic.twitter.com/GorzckBjNh  Chris Rywalt ? (@ChrisRywalt) February 9, 2017@missmayn I think I fixed it pic.twitter.com/5baw89EFlT  Wilhelm Davis (@WilhelmDavis) February 9, 2017@missmayn Did you see they ran this later though? pic.twitter.com/1MKzw574KY  Lou Diamond Chillups (@ConorGentes) February 9, 2017.@missmayn Baghdadi seems to be on a roll  pic.twitter.com/3fV8TSsnag  Ins niasEmCarv o (@insoniascarvao) February 9, 2017.@missmayn #fixedit pic.twitter.com/NtAeKICYHJ  Matt Kawczynski (@MattKawczynski) February 9, 2017@missmayn pic.twitter.com/efw8Pkyt6a  Brian Mazmanian (@BtotheMaz) February 9, 2017.@missmayn pic.twitter.com/xyBcrJPANV  Dr. M to the J, Ph.D (@DrM2theJ) February 9, 2017@missmayn pic.twitter.com/LVOTPIudb0  Simon S (@GamesnClass) February 9, 2017@missmayn @themrmagic also, this   though I would differ on 'religious extremist' for bannon. pic.twitter.com/4eKAzDZf32  jm (@undersilverlake) February 9, 2017@missmayn you can thank @AndyBeckerman for this pic.twitter.com/3QAtwHp1Do  nIgHTsCieNtiST (@nightscientist) February 9, 2017@missmayn This is like putting ""If nothing else I am not (currently) a serial killer"" on your online dating profile.  (((Dan North))) (@drnorth) February 9, 2017@missmayn That Fox News felt the need to make this hilarious graphic at all says a lot about the undercurrent of public sentiment.  Nick Stewart (@NickStewarting) February 9, 2017@missmayn @MelissaJPeltier so now not beheadings people and using child soldiers is the bar for a 'good person' ? @FoxNews you are pathetic  Fadi Antoun (@fadiantounn) February 9, 2017@missmayn @cafedotcom Wow, when you put it that way, I'm glad he's our POTUS.  Peter Drake (@peterjdrake) February 9, 2017@missmayn those are all super specificlike, maybe he hasn't beheaded any journalists, but maybe there are a few less fast food employees  Thompson Kaa   (@Thompson_Kaa) February 9, 2017@missmayn I feel like they added the ""on Kurds"" qualifier after realizing there's a possibility Bannon has used chemical weapons before.  Matthew Byrd (@SilverTuna014) February 10, 2017@missmayn Interesting degree of specificity here, eg. ""On Kurds"", ""of Chrstians""  Sith Justice Warrior (@SithJW) February 9, 2017At no point was it suggested that Bannon has done any of the things Baghdadi has done. The editorial speaks only of their ideological similarities, which Carlson carefully avoided mentioning   but what else can expect from Fox News? Honesty? El-Oh-El.Featured image via screengrab",0
2591, 9th Circuit BURNS Trump BAD By Sticking 5th Grade Civics Lesson In Their Decision Against Him,"Probably the biggest point of contention with Trump s Muslim ban was that it was originally written to include everyone. Refugees, people on every type of visa we issue, and even green card holders. Green card holders are people living and working in the United States legally and permanently, and yet Trump tried to tell those who were traveling that they couldn t come back to their country of legal residence.Because that caused such a massive brouhaha that compounded the rest of the chaos surrounding implementation, White House counsel Donald F. McGahn issued  authoritative guidance  saying that the relevant sections of the order didn t apply to legal permanent residents.The administration has also made claims that courts don t have access to the classified information they do, and the 9th Circuit schooled them there, too.So here s a rub. The decision states (on pages 21 and 22): At this point, however we cannot rely upon the Government s contention that the Executive Order no longer applies to lawful permanent residents. The Government has offered no authority establishing that the White House counsel is empowered to issue an amended order superseding the Executive Order signed by the President and now challenged by the States, and that proposition seems unlikely The White House counsel is not the President, and he is not known to be in the chain of command for any of the Executive Departments. The court called Trump on the carpet for being unwilling to create, or formally authorize, any exemptions to his Muslim ban. They also implied that he was too idiotic to seek his own guidance, and/or understand that he signed the order, so nobody can amend it without specific authority.So McGahn can t actually amend the order and Trump can t get away with refusing to do real work.But that s not all. The court also nailed him on the uncertainty surrounding the order because everyone interprets it differently: Moreover, in light of the Government s shifting interpretations of the Executive Order, we cannot say that the current interpretation by White House counsel will persist past the immediate stage of these proceedings. On this record, therefore, we cannot conclude that the Government has shown that it is  absolutely clear that the allegedly wrongful behavior could not reasonably be expected to recur. So the court is basically saying,  We don t trust you. You ve given us zero reason to trust you. And here s another rub. Trump & Co. think they re the only people with access to the information needed to keep us safe, and they think that nobody outside their circle should get it because what if the bad people hear it? The 9th Circuit s schooling on that said (on page 28): [T]he Government asserts that,  [u]nlike the President, courts do not have access to classified information about the threat posed by terrorist organizations operating in particular nations, the efforts of those organizations to infiltrate the United States, or gaps in the vetting process.  But the Government may provide a court with classified information. Courts regularly receive classified information under seal and maintain its confidentiality. Rules and regulations have long been in place for that. Why? Because when a court is hearing a case about the legality of a certain policy decision, they need access to all information available, even if it s classified. Trump and his minions, though, likely believe that the courts are not to be trusted with classified info. If they truly wanted to make their case, though, once again, they would have consulted someone with expertise to see what they could and should give to the courts.When the courts have to teach the lawmakers basic things about the law, we really have to sit back and gawk at the fact that it s a wonder these orders aren t written in entirely in crayon using single-syllable words.Featured image by Andrew Harrer via Getty Images",0
2592, Jason Chaffetz Runs Away Like A Coward After Americans MASSACRE Him At Town Hall (VIDEO),"Things got very uncomfortable for Jason Chaffetz as he attended a town hall in Utah Thursday night.Chaffetz, the lead Hillary Clinton Benghazi witch hunter who is currently ignoring the actions of the Trump administration   particularly with regard to The Donald s Yemen raid, which killed 30  civilians (including an American girl) and left a Navy SEAL dead   found himself met with a chorus of boos from his capacity audience at Brighton High School in a Salt Lake suburb, especially when he mentioned the name of the orange buffoon in the White House.Boy, was it a sh*tshow! The Huffington Post reports:The House Oversight Committee chairman was challenged on Donald Trump s threat to eliminate Obamacare, his vow to slash support for women s health by cutting Planned Parenthood funds, a push to sell public lands and the confirmation of Betsy DeVos as education secretary. At one point, Chaffetz promised the voters that they would be  happy with the bill to abolish the Department of Education.  The crowd was not amused.Thousands of others who were not allowed in the auditorium because of police concerns about crowd control remained outside brandishing protest signs and chanting,  Chaffetz is a coward! KUTV Channel 2 reported, and  Do your job!  and  Your last term! One young girl asked Chaffetz what he was was going to do to protect the environment.  Do you believe in science? Because I do,  she said to loud cheers. I don t pretend to have all the answers,  he responded.  There are good people on both sides of the aisle,  he added to resounding boos.To add to his humiliation, a teacher stood up and humiliated Chaffetz, likening the Trump administration to her students and demanding to know where Chaffets draws his  line in the sand  with regard to the Trump family s conflicts of interest. His answer was shameful: Everyone has to comply with the law,  Chaffetz responded. You re really not going to like this part,  again to boos.  The president, under the law, is exempt from the conflict-of-interest laws. Watch this teacher lay it out clearly at #ChaffetzTownHall #resist #TheResistance pic.twitter.com/9lW7N0nzCq  David Rosenthal (@DavidRosenthal_) February 10, 2017To all politicians Where ever u appear, We the people will b there, showing u what democracy looks like #TheResistance #ChaffetzTownHall pic.twitter.com/0ny2jrOOY7  Penny K  ?   (@feastorafamine) February 10, 2017Again, #Chaffetz says he wants Trump to release his tax returns, ""but it is not required by law."" Reaction: pic.twitter.com/KF6rX8Ei3J  Eric Bradner (@ericbradner) February 10, 2017#Chaffetz says he wants to eliminate Edu Dept. ""I want to get rid of Betsy DeVos!""Man: ""We want to get rid of you!""Right vid this time: pic.twitter.com/VItRuX9d8A  Eric Bradner (@ericbradner) February 10, 2017Cancer survivor   who relies on Planned Parenthood for care   asks Chaffetz:  Why are you trying to take [it] away?  pic.twitter.com/yexjMZ7wz6  Dan Diamond (@ddiamond) February 10, 2017@feastorafamine @leafysunshine What was happening outside the #chaffetztownhall pic.twitter.com/FFv51D235U  Barbara Jones Brown (@bjonesbrown) February 10, 2017""We want a leader, not a creepy tweeter!"" lol #chaffetztownhall pic.twitter.com/Cq8DX8bBXA  Scott Wessman (@scottew) February 10, 2017Chaffetz turned tail and fled 40 minutes before his town hall was scheduled to end. Many, of course, noticed that while Hillary Clinton could handle 11 hours of Chaffetz s ridiculous Benghazi witch hunt, he couldn t hack being confronted by voters for the length of one town hall:@jasoninthehouse can't break Hillary in 11 hours of hearings, but he breaks down and leaves his voters 40 mins early? ??? #ChaffetzTownHall  SjT (@sjtruog) February 10, 2017Not a single smiley face on @jasoninthehouse's town hall webcast  #ChaffetzTownHall pic.twitter.com/bhsHjNhOYT  Ben Friedman (@BenFriedman) February 10, 2017Utah to Jason Chaffetz: #ChaffetzTownHall pic.twitter.com/8yBMWBaCYG  Clare Fantastic ?? (@SayWhatSugar) February 10, 2017Reminder that Chaffetz voted against embassy security funding and yet helped launch a witch hunt blaming HRC for Benghazi. #ChaffetzTownHall   ike ? (@JasperJay40) February 10, 2017Chaffetz is getting booed by my mother in the auditorium of my old high school. Sometimes, life is beautiful. #ChaffetzTownHall  Sasha Smith (@SashaPSmith) February 10, 2017So apparently the people in Utah are taking this ""drain the swamp"" stuff seriously and are starting at home. #ChaffetzTownHall  SC HS Football (@SC_HS_FB) February 10, 2017This was the text exchange between me and my mom while I was at #chaffetztownhall My mom rules.   pic.twitter.com/FoBTon9YcS  Zina Bennion (@ZinaBennion) February 10, 2017Chaffetz fled after being told to do his job. Poor little snowflake. #ChaffetzTownHall  Iconoclast (@PaulChatlain) February 10, 2017Operator: 911, what's your emergency?Caller: I'd like to report a massacre.Operator: What is your location?Caller: #ChaffetzTownHall  Mr. Jameson Neat (@MrJamesonNeat) February 10, 2017Tonight was incredible. Utah doesn't get angry. Utah doesn't yell. Utah doesn't protest.Well, I guess we do now. #ChaffetzTownHall  Jennifer (@WeTheLiving) February 10, 2017This is exactly what we need to see every time any Republican makes a public appearance. It is time they learned that most of America wholeheartedly rejects their poison, and that we are not going to take it any more!Featured image via Daily Herald",0
2593, REPORT: NINE Officials Reveal Trump Admin LIED About Talking To Russia About Easing Sanctions,"Almost immediately following the Nov. 8 election, Trump and his fledgling administration made a point of denying that they were in contact with Russia about anything. Now his own national security adviser, Michael Flynn, is saying otherwise. Flynn has more or less said that he might have discussed the sanctions privately with Russia s ambassador to the U.S., Sergey Kislyak. But there are nine officials who all say he definitely did.Flynn first denied the allegations rather emphatically, according to a report from the Washington Post. However, he walked it back through his spokesman later on, who said that he  indicated that while he had no recollection of discussing sanctions, he couldn t be certain that the topic never came up. That s an interesting way of not answering a question, but it might get him off the hook just a little. The Post reports that no fewer than nine officials, who have access to reports from law enforcement and intelligence agencies that monitor communications of Russian diplomats, say that Flynn s references to the sanctions Obama imposed following the election were explicit and clear. Two also said that Flynn actually told Russia not to overreact to the penalties since all of this could be discussed again after Trump was sworn in.A third official said that either Flynn had lied to Mike Pence, who flatly denied the allegations, too, or that Pence misspoke (knowing this administration, it s the former).Pence told CBS   Face the Nation  the following: I talked to General Flynn about that conversation and actually was initiated on Christmas Day he had sent a text to the Russian ambassador to express not only Christmas wishes but sympathy for the loss of life in the airplane crash that took place. It was strictly coincidental that they had a conversation. They did not discuss anything having to do with the United States  decision to expel diplomats or impose censure against Russia. After host John Dickerson pressed him on whether Flynn had ever had a conversation about sanctions with Kislyak at any time, Pence said: Well, look. General Flynn has been in touch with diplomatic leaders, security leaders in some 30 countries. That s exactly what the incoming national security advisor should do. But what I can confirm, having spoken to him about it, is that those conversations that happened to occur around the time that the United States took action to expel diplomats had nothing whatsoever to do with those sanctions. He then finished that part of the interview with,  I don t believe there were more conversations. U.S. intelligence agencies became suspicious after Putin s lackluster response to our kicking out all of their diplomats, and they began to look for evidence suggesting that he was promised relief. They discovered that conversations between Flynn and Kislyak had happened around the time we announced the new sanctions and kicked their diplomats out.The administration s position was to deny, deny, deny, because of course. But Flynn isn t exactly denying it anymore. This may have something to do with Congress seeking to limit Trump s ability to ease the sanctions. It may have anything to do with anything   maybe he just feels backed into a corner now.The point is, of all the lies coming out of this administration, this is one of the biggest and the worst thus far. Oddly enough, both Flynn and his son seem to have deleted their Twitter accounts. That could be for any reason, but it s just a little too coincidental to the Post s report.Now we get to wonder what else this administration has done to aid an official enemy. Working to rebuild relationships and strengthen ties is one thing. Working to aid an enemy is another, and that s what Flynn (and by extension, Trump) has done.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
2594, BREAKING: House Democrat Moves On Impeachment For Trump (DETAILS),"While Republicans seem to be content in keeping a blind eye and sitting on their hands regarding the seemingly extremely obvious violations occurring surrounding Donald Trump, one Democrat is finally stepping up and getting to work on making sure Trump s properly investigated.According to the House website for Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY): Congressman Jerrold Nadler (D-NY), senior Member of the House Judiciary Committee, introduced a Resolution of Inquiry directing the Department of Justice to provide the House of Representatives with any and all information relevant to an inquiry into President Trump and his associates  conflicts of interest, ethical violations including the Emoluments Clause and Russia ties. If the House Judiciary Committee does not schedule the resolution for a Markup within 14 legislative days, it becomes a privileged resolution and can be brought to the floor in front of the full House for a vote. According to Nadler: Democrats have repeatedly asked the Majority, in letters to Chairman Goodlatte and Speaker Ryan, to investigate these ongoing conflicts of interest, and those requests have been ignored. Adding: Donald Trump has refused to step away from his business interests in any meaningful way, his foreign entanglements are likely unconstitutional, he has repeatedly refused to disclose his financial assets, and he is clouded by the specter of Russian intervention in the election and his Administration. Republicans have shown zero willingness to follow through on their duty to conduct oversight, and they must be held accountable if they are truly willing to abdicate this constitutional obligation and must be made to answer to the American people for that failure. We must know what the Department has learned about the Administration s connections to the Russian government. We must review the Department s legal analysis if there is any of the President s feeble attempt to remedy his wide-ranging ethics problems. We must conduct oversight of the least transparent Administration in modern history. This resolution represents a start. This resolution is definitely a step towards impeachment in the eyes of many. If Trump were to be found in violation of any of the things in question, it can and should be subject to further scrutiny and investigation, subsequently leading towards an impeachable offense(s).This is definitely a step in the proper direction. Kudos to Rep. Nadler for getting the ball rolling.Read more:Featured Photo by Chris Kleponis-Pool/Getty Images",0
2595, Obama’s Attorney General Just Spit In Trump’s Face Over 9th Circuit Court Ruling,"With the 9th Circuit Court ruling against the Trump administration and in favor of Washington State, Minnesota, and by proxy everyone else that was harmed by his Muslim ban, we have the inevitable rage-fest from Trump, along with people who are spitting in his face and stomping on his pride because they agree with the courts.One of the people who probably agrees with how the courts have been ruling is Sally Yates, the acting attorney general that Trump fired because she refused to enforce the ban. Trump didn t just quietly let her go, though. He accused her of betraying her department, and implied that she d betrayed the U.S.Now, enter Eric Holder. He was Obama s attorney general before Loretta Lynch, and spearheaded Department of Justice investigations into controversial things, such as whether the police department in Ferguson, Missouri was guilty of racial profiling, among other things. Holder, of course, also seems to believe that Trump s Muslim ban was a bad idea.So he, too, is rubbing the 9th Circuit s decision in Trump s face because, surprise surprise, Yates was vindicated in her decision to refuse to enforce the Muslim ban. Here s what Holder posted to Twitter:Skill, judgment, courgage. VINDICATED. 3-0 pic.twitter.com/5A2uPTXRps  Eric Holder (@EricHolder) February 10, 2017Yup.Trump has called the decision political, because of course he thinks that way. He said as much to the White House press corps off-camera:Listen to audio of President Trump reacting to appeals court ruling against reinstating his travel ban executive order. via @KellyO pic.twitter.com/WZEMXxKlM5  NBC News (@NBCNews) February 10, 2017He also took to Twitter to vow, in all caps, to see his opponents on this in court, meaning he ll try to appeal this to the Supreme Court. The best thing that could happen would be for the Supreme Court to decline to even hear the case.In the meantime, Sally Yates is vindicated, and Trump can go suck it.Read more:Featured image by Aaron P. Bernstein via Getty Images",0
2596, ALERT: Republicans Push Bill To Split Ninth Circuit Court In Response To Ruling Against Trump,"Republicans are now gunning for the Ninth Circuit Court in an effort to kill courts that don t have a strictly conservative viewpoint.Not long after the Ninth Circuit Court ruled against reinstating Donald Trump s executive order banning travel into the United States from seven countries, Republicans made a bill written by GOP Senators Jeff Flake and John McCain a top priority.Conservatives have long despised the Ninth Circuit, which is based in San Francisco, for issuing rulings they don t like.If the bill were to pass, the Ninth Circuit Court would be split in two and a 12th Circuit Court would be created. The Ninth would continue to have jurisdiction over California, Oregon, Hawaii, Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands while the 12th would have jurisdiction over Republican-controlled states like Arizona, Idaho, Montana, and Alaska with Washington and Nevada thrown in.Basically, Republicans are trying to rig the judicial branch in their favor.Flake and McCain are whining that the Ninth is too liberal and that it has jurisdiction over too much of the country.  It represents 20 percent of the population   and 40 percent of the land mass is in that jurisdiction. It s just too big,  Flake told Fox News on Wednesday.  We have a bedrock principle of swift justice and if you live in Arizona or anywhere in the 9th Circuit, you just don t have it. Fox News also used the fact that the Ninth Circuit Court holds the record for most decisions overturned by the Supreme Court as an excuse to justify the split.However, it should also be pointed out that the Ninth also holds the record for the most decisions upheld.Of course, considering that conservatives have held a majority on the Supreme Court for decades, it s pretty obvious why many decisions of the Ninth have been reversed.Conservatives have been trying to split up the Ninth Circuit for many years. Flake claims that liberal judges on the court are at fault but a commission formed by Congress in 1998 recommended against splitting it up. Both chambers had Republican majorities at the time.It s not unprecedented for Congress to split a court, but this time it s different. Republicans are only targeting the Ninth because they hate the rulings that come out of it. So now they aim to kill rulings they don t like by preventing them altogether.This is a Republican ploy to seize power in the judicial branch to prevent rulings against their agenda like the one handed down against Trump on Thursday.It s eerily similar to the  court packing  scheme conservatives opposed when Franklin Roosevelt tried to add more judges to the Supreme Court. Now conservatives apparently have no problem with such schemes as long as they favor their side.This is something the American people must oppose. Rigging the court system is totally un-American and undemocratic, especially since it is very clear that Republicans are doing this for partisan reasons.Donald Trump is not a king. And the judicial branch serves as a crucial check on executive power to keep the government balanced. But if Republicans have their way, there will be one less check and the balance will tip overwhelmingly their way.Read more:Featured image via Wikimedia",0
2597, Hillary Clinton Just Dropped The MIC On Trump After His Muslim Ban Got Shut Down AGAIN (TWEETS),"On Thursday, Donald Trump was devastated after an appeals court completely rejected Donald Trump s Muslim ban. The Trump administration has lost dramatically and completely and they re going to have to decide what to do next,  CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said following the court s 3-0 complete repudiation of the Trump ban. The Government has taken the position that the President s decisions about immigration policy, particularly when motivated by national security concerns, are unreviewable, even if those actions potentially contravene constitutional rights and protections,  the court said, adding that the Muslim ban  runs contrary to the fundamental structure of our constitutional democracy. The judges, who were appointed by three different Presidents, flat-out rejected the Trump administration s claim that his decisions are absolute and unquestionable: The Supreme Court has made clear that the Government s authority and expertise in [such] matters do not automatically trump the Court s own obligation to secure the protection that the Constitution grants to individuals, even in times of war. There is no precedent to support this claimed unreviewability, which runs contrary to the fundamental structure of our constitutional democracy. After getting  checked,  Trump tweeted out an  unbalanced  all-caps tantrum, vowing that he will  SEE YOU IN COURT  even though he had just been there, where he lost embarrassingly.SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017To make things sweeter, Hillary Clinton gave Trump just long enough to bleed out a bit before rubbing salt in his wound   and all she had to do was type two beautiful numbers and a hyphen:3-0  Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) February 10, 2017Clinton was joined in celebration of this win for democracy by her friends on Twitter, who don t seem to like The Donald much:@HillaryClinton pic.twitter.com/9RXyIvXuYP  Raymond Braun (@raymondbraun) February 10, 2017@HillaryClinton   pic.twitter.com/tqrUKTRUmG  Brian Scully (@brianscully) February 10, 2017@HillaryClinton you're perfect never change  carmen rios (@carmenriosss) February 10, 2017@HillaryClinton pic.twitter.com/knVtLwgdvo  Matthew Schueller (@booshoe37) February 10, 2017@HillaryClinton <sits back, sips martini>  MichaelMarshallSmith (@ememess) February 10, 2017@hillaryclinton easy with all the numbers, don t want to confuse him.  Adam Shapiro (@adamshapiro) February 10, 2017.@HillaryClinton I think that's what the kids call a mic drop  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) February 10, 2017@Cernovich @HillaryClinton 65,844,610-62,979,636  GayDad (@gaydad) February 10, 2017@HillaryClinton GIRL YOU COULD GROW SOME GORGEOUS HOSTA IN THAT SHADE pic.twitter.com/SOBG0zXI8v  Abby Norman (@abbymnorman) February 10, 2017.@HillaryClinton MIC DROPPPP  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 10, 2017@HillaryClinton He be tweeting. She be sipping. pic.twitter.com/vy5t2a8jhS  Good Trouble (@goodtroubleme) February 10, 2017@HillaryClinton I can just imagine the shimmy as you write this tweet! COME BACK TO US!!  is_today_the_day (@trump_at_school) February 10, 2017Clinton may have  lost  thanks to an antiquated system put in place to protect the power of slave-owning states, but the majority of Americans wish she was President   and she continually reminds us why.Trump had better get used to losing, because his days of never being told  no  are over.Read more:Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)/screengrab",0
2598, Government Ethics Office Systems Crash After Avalanche Of Complaints About Kellyanne Conway (TWEETS),"Kellyanne Conway s decision to provide Ivanka Trump s crappy products with a  free commercial  during an appearance on Fox News has already claimed its first casualty: pretty much every major system at the Office of Government Ethics.The Hill reports that the office s website was down for several hours Thursday following Conway s interesting and unethical mix of her boss s daughter s business interests and her own official capacity as propaganda minister. It s a wonderful line. I own some of it,  Conway said of Ivanka s various overpriced products during an appearance on Fox News Thursday.  I fully   I m going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online. The ethics office tweeted that website, phone system and email system are receiving an extraordinary volume of contacts from citizens about recent events. 1/OGE s website, phone system and email system are receiving an extraordinary volume of contacts from citizens about recent events.  U.S. OGE (@OfficeGovEthics) February 9, 20172/OGE works to prevent ethics violations. OGE does not have investigative or enforcement authority.  U.S. OGE (@OfficeGovEthics) February 9, 20173/Congress, GAO, the FBI, Inspectors General, and the Office of Special Counsel have the authority to conduct investigations.  U.S. OGE (@OfficeGovEthics) February 9, 20174/ When OGE learns of possible ethics violations, OGE contacts the agency, provides guidance & asks them to notify OGE of any action taken.  U.S. OGE (@OfficeGovEthics) February 9, 20175/OGE is actively following this agency-contact process.  U.S. OGE (@OfficeGovEthics) February 9, 2017The White House has taken an extraordinary interest in promoting Ivanka Trump s clothes and jewelry for some reason. Recently, the sitting President of the United States hate-tweeted a high-end retailer after they dropped his precious little girl s crappy products because they weren t selling.My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person   always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 This is a direct attack on his policies and her name,  White House press secretary Sean Spicer said of the company s decision to drop a product line they deemed unworthy to be on the shelves.While Ivanka feigns surprise, Nordstrom says they informed her last month her products would be dropped. We made this decision based on performance,  a Nordstrom spokesperson told NBC News.  Over the past year, and particularly in the last half of 2016, sales of the brand have steadily declined to the point where it didn t make good business sense for us to continue with the line for now. We ve had a great relationship with the Ivanka Trump team,  the spokesperson added.  We ve had open conversations with them over the past year to share what we ve seen and Ivanka was personally informed of our decision in early January. Nordstrom isn t the only retailer to drop Ivanka Trump. Neiman Marcus has stopped selling her jewelry on their website and TJ Maxx instructed employees to throw Ivanka s signage in the trash where they belong and hide whatever product they have in the normal sales racks.Read more:Featured image via Getty Images (Mark Wilson)/screengrab",0
2599, Trump Throws All-Caps Tantrum After Appeals Court’s Unanimous Decision To SHUT DOWN Muslim Ban (TWEETS),"If there s one takeaway from Thursday, it s that Donald Trump is probably going to lay in bed in that bathrobe he doesn t own and cry himself to sleep for days. In yet another blow to Trump s ego and victory for the Constitution, a federal appeals court became the third in the nation to tell The Donald to take his Muslim ban and shove it up his big orange ass.Trump s DOJ lawyers tried everything from claiming that the ban, which blocked people from seven predominantly Muslim countries that have not been tied to a deadly terrorist attack within our borders since 9/11 from entering the United States, is necessary to protect our nation, to actually attempting to get the court to agree that President Asterisk s decisions are absolute and unreviewable by any court. The Supreme Court has made clear that the Government s authority and expertise in [such] matters do not automatically trump the Court s own obligation to secure the protection that the Constitution grants to individuals, even in times of war,  the court said. There is no precedent to support this claimed unreviewability, which runs contrary to the fundamental structure of our constitutional democracy. Even though he had just been to court, Trump lashed out on Twitter with twelve schadenfreude-laden, ALLCAPS words:  SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE! SEE YOU IN COURT, THE SECURITY OF OUR NATION IS AT STAKE!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017Naturally, the Internet responded with joy upon hearing this amazing news   because whenever Trump is sad, justice has won..@realDonaldTrump you just did see them in court  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 9, 2017.@realDonaldTrump I'm afraid court already saw you, dear.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump are you tired of winning yet  Matt Binder (@MattBinder) February 9, 2017@MattBinder @realDonaldTrump Just can't stop winning!  Austin Braun (@AustinOnSocial) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump Says the guy who goes to war w/ Nordstrom, Hamilton, Meryl Streep & SNL but can't acknowledge a terrorist attack in Quebec!  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) February 9, 2017""SEE YOU IN COURT!"" @realDonaldTrump yells to  the second highest court in the land.  David G. McAfee (@DavidGMcAfee) February 9, 2017.@realDonaldTrump The appeals court actually said the government had provided no evidence that the security of the nation WAS at stake.  Jim Roberts (@nycjim) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump This is so embarrassing for you! President Bannon is going to be so mad!  Alex Goldschmidt (@alexandergold) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump Trump thinks checks and balances are when his contractors check their bank accounts and see the balance at zero.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump I'm wondering the same thing ?? pic.twitter.com/xXyl2R46Rg  sam (@SamTheCobra) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump You sound like you're about to rage quit.  eBaum's World (@ebaumsworld) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump You know who else did everything in their power to delegitimize the judiciary system? pic.twitter.com/TABwMPvuQk  #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump didn't you justnever mind  Alexandra Petri (@petridishes) February 9, 2017The Justice Department says it is  considering its options  in the wake of this very, very bad news for Trump and his Deplorables.This battle will likely end in the Supreme Court   which means it is up to our elected officials to refuse to confirm any Trump nominee. Five justices would need to agree to reverse the 9th Circuit Court s decision and the empty spot Merrick Garland should be occupying leaves Trump in extreme danger of a tie, which would effectively uphold the lower court s decision.Today is a great day for America, but the battle is far from over. Resist.Read more:Featured image via Getty Images (Win McNamee)/screengrab",0
2600, This Rogue Twitter Account HILARIOUSLY Trolls Trump With Unique Spin On Important Issues (TWEETS),"The rogue government Twitter accounts, which all consider themselves to be helping resist Trump, go about their missions in different ways. Some are keeping the flow of information alive with an administration that wants everyone to shut it. Some are simply relaying news and explaining it. And some, who don t call themselves rogue but still have  alt  Twitter handles, are actively trolling Donald the Trump.Enter the account known as Alt_Dept of Interior, which actually has more to do with interior design than it does the actual Department of the Interior. Nevertheless, the people behind it spend a lot of their time trolling Trump. This is what they have to say about the border wall:BORDER WALL: Tomorrow we ll present our 3rd design to the @POTUS. The previous two were rejected due to their inability to stop anything. pic.twitter.com/VM41GqVfJq  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 4, 2017Reports show that first sections of the #Borderwall are successful. Foreigners are kept out of the US, including for 1st time Jesus Christ. pic.twitter.com/R43C38455x  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 9, 2017BREAKING: The @POTUS new immigration policy will require Mexicans with legal visas to enter the US via a water slide through the border wall pic.twitter.com/RvUaBkBHy4  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 9, 2017We re asking the American People for input on latest Border Wall design. Which barbed wire design should we use to best represent @POTUS? pic.twitter.com/KDvoKE7OHT  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 9, 2017Just when you think US/Mexico relations are deteriorating, the President of Mexico installs public art piece to thank US for #BorderWall pic.twitter.com/KOuH61HgKO  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 9, 2017New #BorderWall design allows the @POTUS to look directly into the eyes of the person responsible for costing taxpayers billions. #Resist pic.twitter.com/fo9yezfamY  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 9, 2017They re also taking other issues and using them to troll him too. One such issue is his access to the nuclear codes:BREAKING: The @POTUS reveals first ever look at the Nuclear Codes to the American public. pic.twitter.com/3DsxSuAFiD  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 7, 2017There are all the rumors swirling about whether Trump and certain people in his administration are, or were, on cocaine:BREAKING: Federal employees working overtime in an effort to keep up with demand of high end Cocaine at White House #superbowl party. pic.twitter.com/Iz1f0he3sn  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 5, 2017We d like to correct earlier reports that WinterStorm #Niko is approaching. It s actually a European cocaine shipment to Trump Tower. #POTUS pic.twitter.com/j5v6FCtSgL  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 9, 2017We d like to correct earlier reports that it was snowing in the DC Metropolitan area. This was actually just cocaine. @weatherchannel pic.twitter.com/RwL8xipuYc  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 2, 2017There s Kellyanne Conway s reference to the Bowling Green massacre (where we all died   it was terrible):BREAKING: The @POTUS has released evidence that the #BowlingGreenMasacre did occur, citing a 2016 ftball game.They stand by @KellyannePolls. pic.twitter.com/4OnstbrIPY  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 3, 2017STATEMENT: The @POTUS has sent @KellyannePolls to congratulate Coach @FredrckDouglass and Super Bowl Champs, the Bowling Green Falcons. pic.twitter.com/1rV7kuTiXh  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 6, 2017There s climate change and animal rights:BREAKING: We can comfirm that rising temperatures on earth are no longer due to #climatechange. We re just getting a lot closer to hell. pic.twitter.com/Za1NygBRd8  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 1, 2017We regret to inform animal lovers everywhere, but the White House is now holding a Humpback Whale captive at the @POTUS request. #blowhole pic.twitter.com/TGJu9s2nlK  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 7, 2017There s the executive order rolling back the very regulations that were supposed to help protect us from more abuse at the hands of Wall Street:BREAKING: Following reports of deregulation, the @POTUS has asked the @SecretService to call him the  Bubble Maker  https://t.co/6CXxyLwKwa  Alt_Dept of Interior (@Alt_Interior) February 3, 2017 Basically, they see themselves as providing the light of humor during what anyone with a shred of human decency and sanity considers a very dark time. And Trump makes himself such a great target.Read more:Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
2601, Unhinged Sean Spicer Lashes Out At ‘Silly’ Reporters During INSANE Press Briefing (VIDEO),"White House press secretary Sean Spicer held a press briefing today and inadvertently just handed Saturday Night Live new material. Spicer repeatedly interrupted and talked over reporters while trying to defend alleged president Donald Trump. He also had to address top Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway s blunder this morning on Fox & Friends in which she literally hawked Ivanka s clothing line.A reporter asked about Trump s attacks on a federal judge this week. Part of the reason the President got elected is because he speaks his mind   he s not going to hold back when he feels passionate,  Spicer said.Other reporters asked about that, too, then the exchange became more tense. Thank you, you ve now asked the question about eight times,  Spicer said. Something she said to CNN earlier this week is that the President doesn t comment on everything,  a reporter said.  I want to contrast the President s repeated statements about Nordstrom with the lack of comments about some other things, including, for example, the attack on Quebec s mosque and other similar environments. Why is the President, when he chooses to I literally stand at this podium and opened a briefing a couple days ago about the President expressing his condolences,  Spicer interrupted.  I literally opened the briefing about it. So for you to sit there and say I was here!  the reporter said. I know, so why are you asking why he didn t do it when I literally stood here and did it?  Spicer asked. I m talking about the President s statement  the reporter said. I don t understand what you re asking,  Spicer replied. Kellyanne s comments were about how the President doesn t have time to tweet about everything,  the reporter said.  He s tweeting about this. He s not tweeting about something else. I came out here and actually spoke about it and said the President  Spicer said. We re talking about the President s time,  the reporter said. What are you you re equating me addressing the nation here and a tweet? I don t, I mean that s the silliest thing I ve ever heard. OK. This is silly,  Spicer said while speaking over the reporter.  Next. OK. Thank you. You ve asked your question. Thank you. Conway s bigly mistake this morning was brought up. Questions have been raised after Kellyanne Conway did an interview, I believe it was with Fox News this morning, where she appeared to, from the confines of the Brady briefing room, promote the products of Ivanka Trump,  a reporter said.  Do you believe that she crossed an ethical line here? Kellyanne has been counseled and that s all we re going to go with,  Spicer replied.  She s been counseled on that subject, and that s it. Not so fast, Spanky. She violated Federal Code  2635.702.Watch: Melissa McCarthy is sitting somewhere with a big smile on her face.Read more:Image via screen capture",0
2602, Donald Trump Has Become So Toxic That He Can’t Even Find People To Work For Him (DETAILS),"Since the coronation inauguration of Donald Trump, his administration has been so scandal ridden and so petulant that he s scaring even Washington s most power hungry from climbing the political ladder. He s desperately trying to find a Joseph Goebbels communications director and he s having no luck whatsoever finding someone to peddle his lies.Trump s Chief of Staff, Reince Priebus is temporarily filling the position of communications director, and frankly, with Steve Bannon doing the job of shadow government chief of staff, he probably has the time, but still, Trump, like the people who held that office before him, needs to find his person and so far, at least two have turned him down flat. There is a list of candidates, but I can see why people aren t interested. It s a tough job,  said a senior administration official.Those difficulties are compounded by Trump s management style: The president is known to pit his senior aides against each other, creating rivalries and divisions among his staff that have already impacted the rollout of a major policy initiative. Steve Bannon and Stephen Miller, the president s chief strategist and senior adviser, managed to keep the president s executive order on immigration so closely held that it not only erroneously banned green-card holders from entering the country, but also left members of the Cabinet   responsible for defending the policy   scrambling to respond.Source: PoliticoNot to mention the fact that most of the communications to come out of the current White House are either completely unethical or completely untrue. That s not exactly something that most people feel comfortable adding to their CV.For Democrats and for sane Americans, this is a small sign but it s a significant one. Trump loves to compare the country to a business and well, if we re going with that comparison, Trump is the Ford Pinto of politics. If a person gets too close, their career goes up in flames. As people in Washington are distancing themselves from the toxic orange man, you ll begin to see Republicans in Congress do the same. It s already happening with Trump s Supreme Court nominee.Read more:Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
2603," Trump Just Met With Airline Execs, RUINS Meeting With INSANELY Unpresidential Rant (VIDEO)","Donald Trump has turned yet another meeting in which he should have been focusing on being America s president and getting sh*t done into an absolute circus and embarrassment.During a meeting with airline executives, Trump decided that he was bored and could no longer focus, so he went on a completely incoherent rant about things his personal pilot had told him. As you can imagine, everyone in the room was shocked as Trump continued to hijack the meeting and went on babbling, making it impossible to actually get anything accomplished until he was finished.According to the White House pool report, Trump commended airlines for succeeding  despite the bad equipment that the airport gives you, in many cases.  Then he started complaining about the equipment, stating that he had  a pilot who s a real expert  who once told him that airlines are often given  the wrong stuff.  Trump continued: Let s order the right equipment. Probably the wrong equipment cost more. Here are some more gems from his rant: We want the traveling public to have the greatest customer service and with an absolute minimum of delays. We spent six trillion dollars in the Middle East, we got nothing. And we have an obsolete plane system, we have obsolete airports. As you can imagine, most of this rant made zero sense. This has become a pattern for Trump   he continues to meet with industry CEOs, but he doesn t actually accomplish anything. He doesn t tackle policy, and he spends most of his time talking about himself or complaining. This shouldn t be too surprising, considering that we elected a former reality television star who knows NOTHING about policy, so he s obviously doing whatever he can to pass the time in these meetings.You can watch Trump go completely off track in the meeting below:Read more:Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
2604, Federal Judge Questions Trump’s Legitimacy After Attack On Fellow Judge For Halting Muslim Ban,"The judicial branch of our government is getting sick and tired of Donald Trump s tirades.After Trump signed an unconstitutional executive order banning travelers from seven countries from entering the United States, worldwide chaos ensued.Thousands of people were detained and denied their rights as attorneys raced to their rescue. A federal judge then blocked the order and Trump has been attacking U.S. District Court Judge James Robart ever since.The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017What is our country coming to when a judge can halt a Homeland Security travel ban and anyone, even with bad intentions, can come into U.S.?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017Just cannot believe a judge would put our country in such peril. If something happens blame him and court system. People pouring in. Bad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017If the U.S. does not win this case as it so obviously should, we can never have the security and safety to which we are entitled. Politics!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017Trump has literally been whining about Judge Robarts  decision for over a week and acts like judges aren t allowed to act as a check and balance against the executive branch.And his behavior toward Robarts has angered one federal judge so much that he is calling Trump s legitimacy into a question, which is a yuuuge deal.Federal District Judge Dan Polster explained to the Cleveland Anti-Defamation League on Wednesday and explained that checks and balances exist because the Founding Fathers  were fearful of a president who might want to be a king or dictator,  which is exactly how Trump is acting.Polster continued by telling the audience that he doesn t think any federal judge will be intimidated by Trump because they  took an oath to support and defend the Constitution and it means a lot and I think that oath means even more today. With that said, Polster believes Trump undermined his legitimacy by attacking the judicial branch for halting the executive order. This is serious business, because you start calling into question the legitimacy of someone, that undermines the whole system, all right? I think to say it publicly, that s his right. But it calls into question, and some might even say forfeits, his or her own legitimacy. So I ll leave it at that. It s an important question, but that s how I feel. When you call into question the legitimacy of a federal district court judge, that s a line that shouldn t be crossed. And there you have it. Trump s attacks on our judicial branch are literally starting to backfire on him as judges start to speak out publicly against him. While Trump has the right to disagree with judges, personally attacking them disgraces the office he holds and diminishes the power of the executive branch. It makes Trump s position look weak and desperate. And it could affect the decisions judges make in the future on executive orders and laws Trump signs. In short, trying to bully judges is not a good idea.Read more:Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2605, WATCH: Ethics Expert BUSTS Kellyanne Conway For Breaking Rules By Shilling For Ivanka Trump’s Business,"Kellyanne Conway advertised Ivanka Trump s clothing and product line during a Fox News interview on Thursday morning. And that is expressly forbidden by federal regulations.On Wednesday, Donald Trump lashed out at the retailer Nordstrom for dropping his daughter s product line after months of boycotts and lack of sales made it unfeasible to continue carrying them.My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person   always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017On Fox & Friends, Conway literally begged Fox viewers to buy Ivanka s products. Go buy Ivanka s stuff is what I would tell you,  she said after accusing Nordstrom of attacking Donald Trump by targeting his daughter.  I hate shopping, I m going to go get some myself today. This is just a wonderful line. I own some of it. I fully   I m going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online. And with those words, Conway broke Federal Code  2635.702, which bans public employees from using their office for private or personal gain, including for family members. Donald Trump did this through Conway and she works for him, making her a public employee.Federal Code  2635.702 specifically states,An employee shall not use his public office for his own private gain, for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives, or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity, including nonprofit organizations of which the employee is an officer or member.It further states that,  An employee shall not use or permit the use of his Government position or title or any authority associated with his public office to endorse any product, service or enterprise. There are only two exceptions to this rule and neither excuse what Conway did.And that why former ethics czar Norm Eisen called out Conway during an appearance on MSNBC and called for an investigation and penalties. By doing this ad   I have never seen anything like it   it s a violation of the rules, pure and simple. I imagine that you are going to see complaints flowing in. The responsibility to oversee this in the first instance is with the White House counsel, Don McGahn. He s going to need to look at the rules, look at the precedents and decide what range of penalties might apply. And I think the Office of Government Ethics will also have a look at it. So, it s a serious matter. Here s the video via YouTube:Kellyanne Conway and Donald Trump violated federal regulations and ethics rules. He literally used his office to advertise his daughter s shitty products by sending Kellyanne Conway on Fox News and there needs to be consequences for what they did.Read more:Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2606, WATCH: Bill Maher Brutally Explains To A Trump Fan Why He Won’t Give Trump A Chance,"Don t ask Bill Maher to give Donald Trump a chance. Because he ll tell you the truth about why he won t.During a CNN town hall event that will air on Thursday, the Real Time host bombarded a Trump supporter with reality after being asked to give Trump a chance. The president has been in office barely three weeks,  the man began.  Why can t you guys in the media and Hollywood give him some slack? Because of what he s done!  Maher quickly replied. But it s only been three weeks!  the man said.In those three weeks, however, Trump has done more to damage and embarrass our country than any president in modern times and Bill Maher proceeded to tell the delusional Trump supporter all about it. It s a giant con, what he s done. He ran for the  little man.  And then what does he do? He gets into office, the coal companies can dump sludge in the river. Because, you know, that s what the  little man  is aching for. Undoing Dodd-Frank, because so many of the town halls in Appalachia, people were standing up and saying,  Mr. Trump, please get rid of the Volcker Rule, because if I can t make certain speculative investments, it s killing us here! Indeed, Trump promised his rich friends that he would dismantle Dodd-Frank, the law that regulates Wall Street to prevent banks from doing the same things that caused the Great Recession in 2008.Trump has also been attacking the Environmental Protection Agency by making their job harder. Trump is chipping away at Clean Water and Clean Air rules that keeps Americans safe and healthy.Trump has also already botched a military raid and is escalating confrontations with China and Iran. And he is doing all this while insulting our allies.And that s just the tip of an iceberg that includes taking healthcare away from millions of Americans and attacking Social Security and Medicare.It may have only been three weeks, but Trump has done a lot in those three weeks to deserve all the criticism he has received.But Maher also pointed out that Trump is unfit to be president on a personal level because of his thin skin and tendency to lie every time he opens his mouth or posts on Twitter. It s beyond politics, it s about sanity,  Maher continued.  It s about somebody who makes stuff up, who doesn t read. His information is either anecdotal, or pulled out of his  behind. Here s the video via YouTube.Any Trump supporter who seriously thinks Trump should be given a chance is only expecting blind support for a man who is clearly unqualified for the office he holds.Nothing Trump has said or done so far is worthy of respect. He whines about the media every day and hurls personal attacks and insults at anyone who criticizes or opposes him. Giving him a chance equates to supporting him no matter what he says or does. He is petty and only cares about himself. And every Trump supporter who says otherwise is lying to themselves as much as Trump lies to the public.Read more:Featured image via screenshot",0
2607," Republicans Silenced Elizabeth Warren For Opposing Jeff Sessions, But Her Response Will TERRIFY Them (TWEETS)","Last night, the Republican Party did something truly disgusting   they not only silenced Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren for opposing Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions, but they went ahead and confirmed him as Attorney General.When she was voicing her opposition to Sessions, Warren began to read the words of Coretta Scott King aloud, which had expressed resistance to Sessions in 1986. The GOP shut her down, prompting several hashtags such as #LetLizSpeak and #NeverthelessShePersisted to trend on Twitter, as well as national outcry.Later that night, Warren issued her own message to the Republican Party, and she officially put them on notice. Warning the GOP that they had just put a man with radical hatred  in charge of the DOJ, Warren said:Then, she gave them a fair warning that this was far from the last time she would speak out about Sessions:And that wasn t all. Last night, Warren made a surprising appearance on  The Daily Show,  where she spoke about being silenced and the new unethical Attorney General. She said: Look, the main thing is that millions of people are now reading Coretta Scott King s letter. It is an amazing letter. It is a letter full of passion. It is a letter full of heart, and it is a letter full of advice to us. It talks about a moment in history when African-Americans were beaten away from the polls, and it talks about Jeff Sessions s role in that, and I think it has an important lesson today for all of America. Thanks to Warren s passion and courage, many Americans throughout the country now know the truth about Jeff Sessions, and will be watching his actions closely. Yesterday, the GOP showed Americans that the Republican Party truly does not care about racial justice and wants do everything it can to help Trump Make America White Again. We know that Warren and the Democrats behind her won t let them get away with it, and her warning to the GOP gives us hope.Read more:Featured image via Ethan Miller / Getty Images",0
2608, WATCH: Trump Get His A** Handed To Him By Chris Cuomo For Crying ‘Fake News’ During Broadcast,"Donald Trump got humiliated in real time on Thursday morning as CNN host Chris Cuomo responded to a tweet on the air.During an interview with Connecticut Senator Richard Blumenthal, Cuomo discussed Trump s Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch. Blumenthal had earlier confirmed that Gorsuch criticized Trump s disgraceful attack on the federal judge who halted his executive order banning travel from seven countries into the United States. He said very specifically that they were demoralizing and disheartening and he characterized them very specifically that way,  Blumenthal said after meeting with Gorsuch.  I said they were more than disheartening and I said to him that he has an obligation to make his views clear to the American people, so they understand how abhorrent or unacceptable President Trump s attacks on the judiciary are. Gorsuch confirmed his remarks via a spokesman, but that didn t stop Trump from lashing out at Cuomo and Blumenthal on Twitter.Chris Cuomo, in his interview with Sen. Blumenthal, never asked him about his long-term lie about his brave  service  in Vietnam. FAKE NEWS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017In reality, Cuomo did ask Blumenthal about his misrepresentation of his military service, which basically stems from Blumenthal having misspoken that he served in Vietnam when he meant that he served during Vietnam but not actually in the war. He has apologized for the mistake multiple times. Meanwhile, Donald Trump never served at all because he dodged the draft.Anyway, Cuomo learned of Trump s attack on the air and he responded in real time.Cuomo asked that the beginning of his interview with Blumenthal be aired again. What is your response to the president of the United States who says you should not be believed because you misrepresented your military record in the past?  Cuomo asked.Clearly, Cuomo did ask Blumenthal about his military service. The president, with all due respect, is off on the facts,  Cuomo said.  He just keeps doubling down when the facts don t favor his position. Indeed, even CNN issued a brief statement, which includes video, via Twitter.@realDonaldTrump . @ChrisCuomo did address that point at the start of his interview. https://t.co/JWJEAshv1y Those are the facts.  CNN Communications (@CNNPR) February 9, 2017At this point, Donald Trump really should be embarrassed and he owes CNN and Chris Cuomo a public apology.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
2609, WATCH: Kellyanne Conway Pathetically Begs People To Buy Ivanka Trump’s Products On Fox News,"Donald Trump is clearly using the office of the presidency to enrich himself and his family, a clear violation of the Constitution.In January, the retailer Nordstrom informed Ivanka Trump of their decision to drop her product line from their stores. A boycott of Ivanka s products and any retailer who sells them contributed to the decision. That s the way the free market works.But after the decision became public earlier this week Trump lost his shit over it on Wednesday.My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person   always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017Nordstrom responded by announcing that the decision was made purely for business reasons and that Ivanka was informed last month and understood the choice they made. Since then, Nordstrom s stock has risen and other retailers have also dropped Ivanka s products.And so, Donald Trump sent Kellyanne Conway on Fox News on Thursday to give free advertising to Ivanka s business. They are using the most prominent woman in Donald Trump s life,  Conway began.  Using her, who has been a champion for empowerment of women in the workplace, to get to him. I think she s gone from 800 stores to a thousand stores, or a thousand places where you can buy. You can buy her goods online,  she continued before literally telling Fox viewers to go buy her products. Go buy Ivanka s stuff is what I would tell you. I hate shopping, I m going to go get some myself today. This is just wonderful line. I own some of it. I fully   I m going to give a free commercial here. Go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online. Here s the video via YouTube.Seriously. Kellyanne Conway actually shilled for Ivanka s products during an interview. This is not only an unconstitutional conflict of interest, it s completely unfair. Trump is literally using his platform to advertise his daughter s business, a business she was supposedly going to walk away from because she joined Trump s White House team. Clearly, she lied just like her daddy did.The fact that Conway appeared on Fox to advertise for the Trumps demonstrates that Donald Trump only sees the presidency as a way to enrich himself and his family. He doesn t give a damn about the economy or foreign policy or any other problems we face. He only cares about personal profit and this is proof of his selfishness.Featured Image: Yana Paskova/Getty Images",0
2610, The Full Details Of Trump’s FAILED Yemen Raid Will Make You Sick To Your Stomach,"When Donald Trump was campaigning he said something chilling, something that was widely dismissed as  all bluster : that to deal with terrorism, you have to slaughter their families. The other thing with the terrorists is you have to take out their families, when you get these terrorists, you have to take out their families. They care about their lives, don t kid yourself. When they say they don t care about their lives, you have to take out their families,  Trump told Fox and Friends as he promised he would not fight a  very politically correct war. In his very first raid as President, he showed the world that he meant it. The operation was approved over dinner without adequate planning or intelligence (in any sense), and it was a disaster from the very beginning.According to reports from locals, the first person hit was 11-year-old Ahmed Abdelilah Ahmed al Dahab, who heard commotion outside and went to check what was happening. When my son Ahmed saw them, he couldn t tell that they were soldiers because it was dark,  the boy s father says.  He asked them  Who are you?  but the men shot him. He was the first killed. No one thought that marines would descend on our homes to kill us, kill our children and kill our women.  Another member of his family, 12-year-old Nasser, was killed.One woman, Fatim Saleh al Ameri, was shot while trying to flee with her two-year-old son.  We pulled him out from his mother s lap. He was covered in her blood,  said 11-year-old Basil Ahmed Abad al  Zouba, whose 17-year-old brother was killed in Trump s Folly.Abdallah al Ameri, who had years earlier survived a U.S. attack on his wedding party of which he was not the target, was killed along with his 25-year-old daughter Fatima and 38-year-old son Mohammed. Three of Mohammed s children   4-year-old Aisha, 7-year-old Khadija, and 5-year-old Hussein. Another nine members of his family were killed in the raid, including 5-year-old Halima and 6-year-old Mursil. I was woken up after midnight by the bombing of the helicopters. There were soldiers on the ground shooting at us. They started shooting at us with machine gun fire,  witness Fahad Ali al Ameri says of the attack. His three-month-old daughter Asma Fahad Ali al Ameri was killed in her crib, asleep.Also killed was the eight-year-old daughter of an al Qaeda propagandist, American citizen Nawar Anwar Al-Awlaqi, who was hiding in a building at the time.  Some of the gunfire went through the windows and Nawar was injured in her neck,  her uncle, whom she was visiting, says. .  We tried to save her but we couldn t do anything for her. It is true they were targeting al Qaeda but why did they have to kill children and women and elderly people?  said Zabnallah Saif al Ameri, If such slaughter happened in their country, there would be a lot of shouting about human rights. When our children are killed, they are quiet. Trump s raid failed to kill the primary target, Qassim al-Rimi, who is currently taunting  Easy D  in propaganda videos, but did manage to snag three super-important videos that are about a decade old and available on YouTube. The tradeoff for this disaster was about 14 dead militants and 30 noncombatants as well as a member of SEAL Team 6.Because of this disaster, Yemen has withdrawn permission for the United States to conduct anti-terror operations in the country, thus damaging our ability to combat extremism.Naturally, Trump called this massive boner a  success. Featured image via The Bureau",0
2611, Twitter TRASHES Draft Dodger Donald Trump After Disgusting Attack On John McCain (TWEETS),"On Wednesday, Senator John McCain responded to White House Press Secretary s claim that the massively failed raid in Yemen that left 30 civilians and a Navy SEAL dead, didn t achieve its primary objective, and managed to recover copies of three videos that have been on YouTube for about a decade, a  huge success. According to Spicer, any criticism of the raid   which Trump authorized over dinner without adequate planning, preparation, or backup after his staffers goaded him with claims that Obama would not have the cajones to do it   is a  disservice  to the dead. The life of chief Ryan Owens was done in service to his country and we owe him and his family a great debt for the information we received during that raid,  Spicer said.  Any suggestion otherwise is a disservice to his courageous life and the actions he took. Full stop.  McCain disagrees: Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy!  Trump tweeted. He s been losing so long he doesn t know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in   bogged down in conflict all over the place. Sen. McCain should not be talking about the success or failure of a mission to the media. Only emboldens the enemy! He's been losing so .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017 long he doesn't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in   bogged down in conflict all over the place. Our hero..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017..Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a ""failure."" Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 9, 2017You know what emboldens the enemy? Failing to kill him. While he did manage to mow down women and children wholesale, Trump s raid missed al Qaeda leader Qassim al-Rimi, the primary target. Since the raid, al-Rimi has been taunting and mocking Trump in his propaganda videos. Our hero Ryan died on a winning mission ( according to General Mattis), not a  failure.'  Trump concluded triumphantly.  Time for the U.S. to get smart and start winning again! It is probably past time for us to  get smart  and  start winning again,  but it seems that we will need to wait four years for that. The raid killed about double the number of civilians as it did militants, the important, game-changing intelligence recovered turned out to be decade-old YouTube videos, he missed his primary target, and Yemen revoked our permission to conduct anti-terrorism operations within their borders.If this is  winning  in Trump s America, it is time for all of us to be frightened. Fortunately, The Internet is here to let Trump know what they think of his new, GREAT America where losing is winning and the Ku Klux Klan is not an extremist group.This won t be the last time Trump gets people killed with his impulsive ego-driven mistakes. @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/fmu26DyHHI  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) February 9, 2017.@realDonaldTrump ryan died because you screwed up. his blood and the blood of the american girl who died is on your hands. you did that.  Oliver Willis (@owillis) February 9, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Donald, maybe if you pay attention during briefings instead of tweeting about Ivanka's shoes fewer people will die.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump There is no greater tribute to a fallen US soldier than for the idiot who got him killed to use his name in a Twitter fight  Jon Bershad (@JonBershad) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump Jesus Christ. These tweets make you look like a fucking lunatic.  BenDavid Grabinski (@bdgrabinski) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump you consider the death of one of your soldiers a ""win""? Brilliant.  Ben Pearce (@BenPearceDJ) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump Ryan may have acted heroically but the mission (u decided to send him on over dinner) was an awful failure. https://t.co/m2eb2fpcv2  Tim Guinee (@TimGuinee) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump Winning! pic.twitter.com/UAP0CLThAN  Letters of Note (@LettersOfNote) February 9, 2017Someone died. Have some humanity. Stop using him as a prop piece for your rhetoric. @realDonaldTrump  PORP (@TheOfficialPORP) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump Just imagine if Hillary had called Benghazi a ""winning mission""  BenDavid Grabinski (@bdgrabinski) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump how dare you politicize the death of a fallen hero  I already had a low opinion of you but I'm absolutely disgusted  Rob Gorski (@The_Autism_Dad) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump how dare you not even use his full name, show some respect. You killed Chief Petty Officer William  Ryan  Owens.  coganut (@Coganuts) February 9, 2017.@realDonaldTrump my god, if that's what's considered ""winning"" or ""successful"" I think the whole world would prefer you to stop, NOW!  Eloise-at-midnight (@moonatmidnight) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump There is nothing as shameful as a lying draft dodger sending a hero to his death strictly to feed his ego. You disgust us.  Stupid Should Hurt? (@stophrtngusa) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump STOP. TWEETING. YOU sent Ryan on a bad mission. It's on you now when our heroes die.  J Throw (@mamathrow) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump nah man you killed a soldier, 30 civilians, and got banned from the country  Dolly Doldrums (@_Philosophica) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump While you were asleep in bed. Your incompetence got a Seal killed and you couldn't care enough to be in Situation Room.  ECMadTown (@ECmadtown) February 9, 2017And to think @realDonaldTrump signed the order at dinner, never monitored op from SitRoom, and was in bed tweeting when it went down. LOSER!  D E V I N (@DevinMillington) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump an 8 year old was shot in the neck and bled out because of you  Derek: Dream Hipster (@AnarchistPrince) February 9, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You killed 30 civilians, including an American citizen, AND slaughtered an American soldier AND MISSED YOUR TARGET! Liar  Carl Allan Salonen (@CarlASalonen) February 9, 2017@realDonaldTrump How was that a winning mission? You missed your target, who is now mocking you, & we lost a soldier. You failed #WhyIResist  FarmersCubed (@FarmersCubed) February 9, 2017William  Ryan  Owens was a hero   exactly the sort of hero who deserves a Commander-in-Chief who cares about the lives of our men and women in uniform, a leader who will not place them in unnecessarily dangerous scenarios just to satisfy his ego. If this is winning, there is only one solution: we need to stop  winning.  Now.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
2612, WATCH: Colbert Asks Tapper How CNN Staff Feels About Their Feud With Trump; His Response Is PERFECT,"Donald Trump is no fan of CNN. He has repeatedly tried to discredit and delegitimize the network, even going so far as to call them fake news and refuse to answer a question from one of their reporters during the only press conference he has held since Inauguration Day.Well, one of CNN s best anchors, Jake Tapper, who hosts The Lead and State of the Union, stopped by the Late Show with Stephen Colbert on Wednesday night, and of course the topic of Trump came up. More specifically, the topic of CNN s relationship with Trump came up. After the niceties were exchanged Colbert started out by reading a list of insulting adjectives that Trump had used to describe the network, then went on to ask Tapper: Why are you so mean to him, Jake? If you guys just didn t fact-check him anymore, he wouldn t be saying these things about you. Tapper responded: That s a good point. Then, Colbert went on to say: What s it like in the halls over there knowing that the president actively doesn t like your network? Tapper then delivered the best   and presumably honest   zinger that would really hit home for Trump: I don t think anybody cares. Now, this is important because Trump NEEDS people to care about him, how he feels, what he says, what he thinks. As Tapper points out, it is not a reporter s job to be liked. It is a reporter s job to hold people accountable. Now that we have a president and a White House that actively lies on a routine basis to the American public, it s vital to the survival of our democracy that Tapper and those like him continue to fact-check Trump, no matter how many insane insults he throws at them.The relevant part comes a couple of minutes into the following video, but the entire interview is beyond awesome:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2613, Democratic Senator Voted To Confirm Career Racist Sessions And What Happened Next Is PERFECT (SCREENSHOTS/TWEETS),"Apparently, West Virginia Democrat   not to be confused with real Democrats   Joe Manchin effectively told voter he doesn t want his job anymore when he was the only person supposedly on  our side  who voted to confirm lifetime racist and embarrassment to humanity Jeff Sessions as Attorney General.Manchin, who reportedly considered switching to Republican just after the 2016 election (though he denies it), has been on the wrong side of history many times in his career. Not only did he vote with Republicans to terminate funding for Planned Parenthood after right-wing  activists  produced heavily-edited propaganda videos that claimed the women s health organization sells  baby parts,  but he is so deep in the pockets of the coal industry that the lint is jealous. On top of that, Manchin has been endorsed by the NRA and has supported legislation that sought to prevent the EPA from regulating greenhouse gas. While Manchin has been criticized for all of that in the past, his decision to support a career racist for Attorney General is bringing a sh*tstorm his way that he seems to have failed to anticipate.Shortly after the vote, Manchin s Wikipedia page underwent some renovations   most notably the word  traitor  above his head and a note that he voted with republicans  on the horrible Jeff Sessions :Manchin s decision to betray his party, his country and everything decent in the world is not going over well on social media, where pretty much everyone seems to want to set him adrift:@LoganPhares @JalyIV Stop calling yourself a Democrat, your not. We don't support white supremacists.  (((BigotsBeGone))) (@kmcbrd2) February 9, 2017Joe Manchin daughter is being investigated by the justice department.. ?? Jeff Sessions will make it go bye-bye.Anymore more questions?? pic.twitter.com/LTg7jey6CN  ? ?D.C.Rob ? ? (@DCRobMan) February 9, 2017@LoganPhares @igob4u2 Here's the reason he voted for Sessions!! pic.twitter.com/qafcJ4XG7h  Cindy Snowflake   (@tcevans87) February 9, 2017.@Sen_JoeManchin is the one Democrat to vote yes on #Sessions so far. You know what this means. We will vote NO on Manchin.  Women's March (@womensmarch) February 9, 2017@womensmarch @Sen_JoeManchin Yes we will. This WV girl will not vote for Manchin in the next election. #WhyIResist #ShePersisted  Wendy R (@wlr96) February 9, 2017Republicans didn't need @Sen_JoeManchin's vote to approve Jeff Sessions, but he gave it to them as a big F-U to minorities. pic.twitter.com/qikVUnPT23  Benjamin Dixon ? (@TheBpDShow) February 9, 2017@robbystarbuck @rB777ftw @womensmarch @Sen_JoeManchin no he isn't. We do not support this.  Wendy R (@wlr96) February 9, 2017@EjoWVgirl @womensmarch @Sen_JoeManchin We all know he doesn't care about WV. This is just his stepping stone.  Tara (@Tara515) February 9, 2017@LadyLiberty411 @womensmarch @TheGayHumanist @Sen_JoeManchin shame on you manchin! Leave our party before we throw you out  Jellokitty (@jellokitty5) February 9, 2017@womensmarch @janniaragon @Sen_JoeManchin We're coming for you in 2018 and all your GOP buddies. Every seat. Every chamber. #RiseUp  Roberta Greenwood (@RobertaG52) February 9, 2017According to Fortune, Trump and Manchin  call each other directly on their cell phones, have met at Trump Tower and even flirted with the idea of a Cabinet post.  His chumminess with our dictator-in-chief alone is enough for Democrats to tell him to hit the bricks in 2018. Everything else is just  extra. Featured image via Getty Images (Spencer Platt)/Wikipedia",0
2614, PA Senator Issues An EPIC Challenge To Trump After He Offers To ‘Destroy’ Someone For A Friend (TWEETS),"Recently, Donald Trump shocked even his critics by openly offering to  destroy  a Texas state senator for a Sheriff who didn t like his opposition to the corrupt practice of civil asset forfeiture   that s when police can take your stuff regardless of whether or not you have been convicted of a crime and you often have to prove your possessions  innocent  to get them back.After Rockwall County, Texas, Sheriff Harold Eavenson, told Trump about a lawmaker who had proposed asset forfeiture legislation he thinks would aid drug cartels, Trump straight-up offered to destroy the guy: Who is the state senator? Do you want to give his name? We ll destroy his career. The room erupted in nervous laughter, but Eavenson refused to name names. I m not into assassinating his character,  he said.Sheriff tells Trump that state senator is doing something he doesn't likeTrump: ""Do you want to give his name? We'll destroy his career."" pic.twitter.com/75y3t9zc54  Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) February 7, 2017Currently, the only lawmaker in Texas to propose eliminating the corrupt practice is Senator Konni Burton   a woman and a conservative   though others, Republicans Don Huffines and Bob Hall, are on record as opposing asset forfeiture. Ultimately, it appears that Trump s sheriff was lying to him.Whether or not Trump s buddy was lying, one state senator from Pennsylvania who also opposes the practice has something to say to Trump: Bring it. Hey @realDonaldTrump I oppose civil asset forfeiture too!  Democratic Senator Daylin Leach wrote on Tuesday.  Why don t you try to destroy my career you fascist, loofa-faced, shit-gibbon! Hey @realDonaldTrump I oppose civil asset forfeiture too! Why don't you try to destroy my career you fascist, loofa-faced, shit-gibbon!  Daylin Leach (@daylinleach) February 7, 2017Leach was flooded with praise following his challenge to The Orange One   and he just ate it up:@Inovog61 @realDonaldTrump I do indeed rock.  Daylin Leach (@daylinleach) February 8, 2017@itsangelbitchz @realDonaldTrump LOL> Be careful what you wish for  Daylin Leach (@daylinleach) February 8, 2017@NDLevinson @maddow @TuesdaysToomey I'm open to offers. But I'll need only green M&Ms in my dressing room.  Daylin Leach (@daylinleach) February 8, 2017@bgerh Well, I think its fair to say my fan-worship doesn't go overboard.  Daylin Leach (@daylinleach) February 7, 2017@ckk0703 @realDonaldTrump It's like a cockwomble, only less appealing.  Daylin Leach (@daylinleach) February 9, 2017@daylinleach @realDonaldTrump I humbly bow to you Sir.  Phaedra Klein (@PhaedraKlein) February 9, 2017@daylinleach @realDonaldTrump I just fell in love with Daylin Leach. Thank you for the laughs and the spine.  Laurel McNair (@yamdothprotest) February 9, 2017Konni Burton also spoke out against Trump and his sheriff friend., pointing out that she didn t even know who the hell the latter was until he opened his mouth and appeared to issue a veiled attack against her. I have never met with Sheriff Eavenson, nor even heard of him before yesterday. However, I take exception to his comments on asset forfeiture reform,  she said in a statement, adding that she will not be  discouraged nor deterred  by the attack.No matter who Trump offered to destroy, even if  he  was a figment of Eavenson s imagination, it is clear that we have an unstable, vindictive, tangerine menace in the White House   one that needs to be removed by any legal means available as soon as possible.Featured image via screengrab",0
2615, Sarah Palin Could Be Trump’s Ambassador To Canada And Canadians Are NOT Liking It (TWEETS),"Canadians are not pleased after White House mouthpiece Sean Spicer refused to rule out Sarah Palin as Donald Trump s choice as Ambassador to Canada.During yet another disastrous press briefing, Spicer suggested to reporters that Trump is considering America s village idiot as the United States Ambassador to Canada. We have no additional ambassador nominations or announcements to make on that front,  Spicer said when asked about Palin s name being floated for the position.  I m sure at some point we will have soon. He didn t say that Palin would be chosen, but he didn t deny that she was being considered either. The thought that Sarah Palin could end up being sent to Canada horrified many Canadians, who proceeded to mock Trump and Palin.Sarah Palin as ambassador? Well that would show how little Steve Bannon and his pal @realDonaldTrump think of Canada https://t.co/Js4B2Qseah  Charlie Angus NDP (@CharlieAngusNDP) February 8, 2017This is entirely because Sarah Palin can see Canada from Alaska, isn t it? https://t.co/9DzQzMnthR  Jamie Lendino (@jlendino) February 8, 2017.@CharlieAngusNDP @realDonaldTrump Eminently unqualified. There is no place in Alaska where she could see both Russia and Canada. #cdnpoli  Scott McKeen (@ScottMcKeen1) February 8, 2017@CharlieAngusNDP @realDonaldTrump @OttawaCitizen it would make a great 22 minutes sketch but it s really terrifying  Laste (@MckinleyLynaya) February 8, 2017@CharlieAngusNDP Oh dear God no. No no no.  Alison Smiley (@gwynskid) February 8, 2017Appointing Sarah Palin as the US ambassador to Canada is, like, ultimate trolling.  sara belgium (@sbelg) February 8, 2017Dear Mr. Trump: Rather than appoint Sarah Palin as ambassador to Canada, please bomb us. Signed, all intelligent life in Canada. #killmenow  Doug Youmans (@dippedbanana) February 8, 2017Sarah Palin might be ambassador to Canada? AMERICA WHY DO YOU HATE US pic.twitter.com/KpNdd5ikI7  Julie Wright (@reddogcw) February 8, 2017Sarah Palin ambassador to Canada? Our 2 official languages are French and English. She will have to learn at least one #canpoli pic.twitter.com/G0UwKkNDsU  Mister Race Bannon (@MrRaceBannon) February 9, 2017Sarah Palin as ambassador to Canada?We should move the US embassy to Alert, Nunavut for the next four years.  MatterMote (@MatterMote) February 9, 2017@guardian  BREAKING NEWS  Canada to issue travel ban, on US citizens named Sarah Palin.  Bill Robertson (@BillRobertson_) February 9, 2017I d rather build a Canadian wall than tolerate Sarah Palin as US Ambassador to Canada. ???  Badass Britt ?? (@brittca) February 9, 2017Sarah Palin is being considered for job as ambassador to Canada. She s presently on a flight to Europe to meet with us. #sarahpalin  Rob Willcott (@advantagephysio) February 9, 2017Seriously, Sarah Palin is not ambassador material. She would be a constant embarrassment to both the United States and Canada. Trump has already made us a laughing stock. The last thing we need is for Sarah Palin to make things worse. And she already is by merely being mentioned for the job.If Trump is going to send Palin to another country he should send her to one far, far away so we don t have to hear from her for a long time. At least he could then say he did one good thing for the nation.Read more:Featured image via screenshot",0
2616, Trump’s Own SCOTUS Nominee Just Threw Him Under The Bus Over His Stupid Tweets,"Judge Neil Gorsuch, Trump s nominee for the Supreme Court seat that s sat empty since Antonin Scalia died a year ago, has joined the ranks of the outraged when it comes to Trump and his damned Twitter account. Gorsuch is specifically upset with Trump s statements about the judiciary branch of the government, and told Sen. Richard Blumenthal that in a meeting earlier today: He said very specifically that they were demoralizing and disheartening and he characterized them very specifically that way,  Blumenthal said of Gorsuch.  I said they were more than disheartening and I said to him that he has an obligation to make his views clear to the American people, so they understand how abhorrent or unacceptable President Trump s attacks on the judiciary are. For someone who sits on the bench, it s easy to see how that would be disheartening and demoralizing. An attack doesn t have to be directed squarely at you to still feel like an attack. Trump attacked our entire judicial system and insulted all the judges within it when he went off on Judge Robart for blocking his Muslim ban. Gorsuch told Sen. Chuck Schumer as much, too.The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals has been hearing arguments on the legality of the Muslim ban, and apparently the three judges hearing that case gave the lawyers arguing a really tough time. They grilled the lawyer representing the Department of Justice on whether the government even had evidence that the seven countries named in the ban are connected to terrorism.It s a pointed question because Saudi Arabia, which does have strong ties to terrorism and has exported terrorism to the U.S., is not included in the ban. When August Flentje refused to answer it and instead tried again to argue that Trump has broad authority in this area, Judge Michelle Friedland asked: Are you arguing then that the President s decision in that regard is unreviewable (by a court)? Flentje s answer was yes. In other words, Flentje argues that Trump can do what s necessary in his judgement to keep the U.S. safe, and a court can t say otherwise. That s part of what Robart weighed when he blocked the Muslim ban. The 9th Circuit will end up on Trump s radar here pretty quickly if they uphold Robart s decision.Then Gorsuch will have to determine whether he wants to serve on a court that s going to be the subject of juvenile attacks when they rule in a way that Trump doesn t like. His confirmation hearing is coming up. He probably won t withdraw, but he has a lot to think about right now.Read more:Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2617, Sean Spicer Dreams Up Brand-New Fake Terrorist Attack To Defend Trump’s Muslim Ban,"As if we didn t already have enough proof that Trump s administration is full of pathological, compulsive liars, along comes Sean Spicer with yet more. It s not his defense of Kellyanne Conway s mysteriously non-existent terror attack at Bowling Green that lands him on the growing mountain of lies. Rather, it s that he himself has referenced an imaginary terror attack multiple times.CNN put together a short list of Spicer s references to a terror attack in Atlanta that never happened:The first timeHere s what Spicer told ABC s  This Week  on January 29 while defending the President s travel ban: What do we say to the family who loses somebody over a terroristic (sic)   to whether it s Atlanta or San Bernardino or the Boston bomber? Those people, each of whom had gone out to a country and then come back,  Spicer said.The second timeThe next day, Spicer appeared on MSNBC s  Morning Joe  and also mentioned Atlanta while defending the travel ban: There was a very short period of time in which we had something to execute that ensured that the people of the United States were safe. Everybody s been protected,  Spicer said.  What happened if we didn t act and somebody was killed?   Too many of these cases that have happened   whether you re talking about San Bernardino, Atlanta   Boston   would you wait until you do? The answer is we act now to protect the future. The third timeAnd in his January 30 press briefing, Spicer once again alluded to an Atlanta terror attack. When asked by a reporter why some countries linked to terrorism aren t on the travel ban list, Spicer responded: Right, and we re reviewing the entire process over this period of time to make sure that we do this right. But I don t think you have to look any further than the families of the Boston Marathon, in Atlanta, in San Bernardino to ask if we can go further. CNN has been unable to reach Spicer for comment, but some speculate that he might actually be referring to Orlando. The only problem is, he keeps saying Atlanta and it s not like the Orlando massacre was a small, minor incident where such a misstep might be understandable. The last known terror attacks in Atlanta were at the 1996 Olympics, and at a lesbian club in 1997. Both happened at the hands of a right-wing American terrorist.In other words, they weren t attacks by radical Muslims. And there have been no other acts of terrorism in Atlanta. Yet here s Spicer, saying  Atlanta  over and over again to defend Trump s Muslim ban.The Orlando attack, by contrast, was a massacre, and it s not like nobody can remember it. Odd mistake to make, if that s what s even happening.Maybe he s talking about tighter security in Atlanta following last year s terror attack in Brussels? That s not especially likely, either. When he finally gets a story together, he ll talk to the press. Or he ll ignore anything that has to do with his references to Atlanta. But, like Kellyanne Conway, he said it, and then repeated it. It s hard to believe that s just a misspoken word.Read more:Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
2618," Coretta Scott King’s Daughter Speaks Up And AGAINST Republicans, And It’s Brilliantly BRUTAL","When it comes to strategizing an offense against Donald Trump and the Republicans, Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta Scott King s daughter Bernice King might just be on to something.While the words and actions of Trump are horrific all by themselves, it s important to remember that he is not working alone. He has the support of those working closely around him and the support of the Republican party. So far, they ve been backing his ideas and confirming all his nominations for his Cabinet.Here s what King has to say about all of this:Some Wise Advice Circulating:1. Use [Trump s] name sparingly so as not to detract from the issues. I believe that everyone, regardless of their beliefs, deserves the dignity of being called by their name. However, this is a strategic tactic. While we are so focused on him we are prone to neglect the questionable policies that threaten freedom, justice and fairness advanced by the administration.2. Remember this is a regime and he s not acting alone;3. Do not argue with those who support him and his policies it doesn t work;4. Focus on his policies, not his appearance and mental state;5. Keep your message positive; those who oppose peace and justice want the country to be angry and fearful because this is the soil from which their darkest policies will grow;6. No more helpless/hopeless talk;7. Support artists and the arts;8. Be careful not to spread fake news. Check it;9. Take care of yourselves; and10. Resist!Keep demonstrations peaceful. In the words of John Lennon,  When it gets down to having to use violence, then you are playing the system s game. The establishment will irritate you   pull your beard, flick your face   to make you fight! Because once they ve got you violent, then they know how to handle you. The only thing they don t know how to handle is non-violence and humor. When you post or talk about him, don t assign his actions to him, assign them to  The Republican Administration,  or  The Republicans.  This will have several effects: the Republican legislators will either have to take responsibility for their association with him or stand up for what some of them don t like; he will not get the focus of attention he craves; Republican representatives will become very concerned about their re-elections.  King posts this only one day after Senator Elizabeth Warren (D-MA) got shut down by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) on the Senate floor for reading Coretta Scott King s letter from 30 years ago condemning Jeff Sessions.It s time to remember that it s not only Trump we have the responsibility to hold accountable, but all Republicans, and this post from Bernice King is definitely a good start.Read more:Featured Photo by Hulton Archive/Getty Images",0
2619, WATCH: Sean Spicer Spits On Coretta Scott King’s Grave In Defense Of Jeff Sessions,"Donald Trump s White House mouthpiece just desecrated an American civil rights icon to defend a racist.Back in 1986, Coretta Scott King wrote a letter in opposition to Ronald Reagan s nomination of Jeff Sessions to a federal judgeship. The widow of Martin Luther King Jr. condemned Sessions for his track record on voting rights and implored Republicans to reject him. They did.Mrs. King died in 2006 but her words against Sessions continue to haunt him to this day as he has been nominated by Trump to be Attorney General, which would give him the power to cripple civil rights and voting rights across this country.King wrote that Sessions  lacks the temperament, fairness, and judgement to be a federal judge  and has  used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens. His attempt to prosecute three civil right activists who were helping black people vote in Alabama  raises serious questions about his commitment to the protections of the voting rights of all American citizens and consequently his fair and unbiased judgement regarding this fundamental right. Based on his record, I believe his confirmation would have a devastating effect on not only the judicial system in Alabama, but also on the progress we have made everywhere toward fulfilling my husband s dream that he envisioned over twenty years ago. Sean Spicer, however, seems to think that if King were alive today, she would just  come around  to supporting Sessions and would change her mind about him.During the daily press briefing, Spicer said  I would respectfully disagree with her assessment of Senator Sessions then and now. His record on civil voting rights, I think, is outstanding. I can only hope that if she were still with us today that after getting to know him that she would share the same view. Spicer went on to lie his ass off about Sessions, painting him as a civil rights hero when the fact is that Sessions is the man who didn t mind the KKK until he found out that they smoked pot. He didn t seem to give a damn about the history of lynching and racism the KKK is responsible for.Here s the video via Twitter.Ugh. Spicer desecrates Coretta Scott King, tells string of lies about Sessions pic.twitter.com/65nqBjIcFY  Tommy Christopher (@tommyxtopher) February 8, 2017There has been fierce opposition to Sessions ever since Trump nominated him. The KKK endorsed Trump and cheered his decision when he announced Sessions as his pick to head the Justice Department. Clearly, racists see Sessions as their chance to roll back critical civil and voting rights protections for minorities.If Coretta Scott King were alive today, it is unlikely she would join the KKK by endorsing Sessions. She would still oppose Jeff Sessions and so should every American who believes in liberty and justice for ALL. Because if Jeff Sessions is confirmed, he will take the justice out of the Justice Department and all the progress made by real civil rights heroes will be erased.Read more:Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2620, This Bill Would Get Trump The Psychiatric Care He So Desperately Needs,"Donald Trump is crazy. I don t say this flippantly. I don t say this as an insult to people who have struggled with their mental health. I also don t say this as a licensed mental health professional. But as someone who has been around a lot of people with serious mental illnesses over the years, I do say that this man is f*cking nuts. And apparently, I m not the only one who thinks this. One Democratic lawmaker is taking action to get Trump some psychiatric care.Rep. Ted Lieu (D-Calif.) is planning to introduce a bill as early as next week that would require an in-house White House psychiatrist. His reasoning is clear, the man running our country is in desperate need of psychiatric help. I m looking at it from the perspective of, if there are questions about the mental health of the president of the United States, what may be the best way to get the president treatment?  Lieu explained.This isn t the first time Lieu has let it be known that he is worried about Trump s mental health. Over the weekend he sent out a tweet suggesting that Trump needs to undergo a psychiatric evaluation.Last 24 hrs on Twitter, @realDonaldTrump went on rant about  death & destruction,   FAKE NEWS,  &  evil.  Should he get mental health exam?  Ted Lieu (@tedlieu) February 4, 2017Lieu insists that Trump s behavior  is not normal.  He also argues that Trump is clearly disconnected from reality. It is not normal for the president of the United States, within 24 hours, to write about death and destruction and fake news and evil,  he said.  The most troubling aspect of this is it is very clear he has a disconnection from the truth.   The very first press conference he had in this administration, they could have talked about jobs or health care. They talked about crowd size. And then lied about it. It s one of the most bizarre events I ve witnessed in politics. His disconnection from the truth is incredibly disturbing.   When you add on top of that his stifling of dissent, his attacks on the free press and his attacks on the legitimacy of judiciary, that then takes us down the road toward authoritarianism. That s why I ve concluded he is a danger to the republic,  Lieu argued.Not surprisingly, Lieu isn t the only lawmaker who is a little worried about the fact that our commander-in-chief is bat-shit crazy. Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah), who chairs the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) have both publicly questioned Trump s mental health.Read more: Featured image via Andrew Harrer   Pool/Getty Images",0
2621, Trump Blasted Nordstrom For Dropping Ivanka’s Brand. The Company’s Response Is PERFECT (TWEET),"It is absolutely insane how much one man can screw up, but Donald Trump has exceeded all expectations. Not only is he well on his way to ruining an entire country (and already has made a pretty big dent in that goal), but he has singlehandedly brought down the value of his own brand thanks to his idiocy and unpopular rhetoric.The Trump name is now so hated that even his most beloved family member, his daughter Ivanka, is suffering for her father s madness and erratic behavior. Recently, retail giant Nordstrom decided to pull Ivanka s brand from its inventory due to declining sales, and a pesky anti-Trump boycotting campaign called  Grab Your Wallet.  Here s what Nordtrom s president, Pete Nordstrom, had originally said about dropping Ivanka s line: This is a sharply divisive subject. No matter what we do, we are going to end up disappointing some of our customers. Every single brand we offer is evaluated on their results   if people don t buy it, we won t sell it. In response, Trump threw an insane temper tantrum and tweeted this: My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person   always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible! The company has now responded, and the way they handled it was perfect. Indirectly addressing Trump s immature response to their decision to drop Ivanka s brand, Nordstrom issued a brilliantly diplomatic statement that remained professional without feeding Trump s insane narcissistic need for attention..@PressSec says @Nordstrom removing Ivanka s clothing line was an attack on Trump family. This is what company says. pic.twitter.com/5i7zhuGBgv  Jeff Zeleny (@jeffzeleny) February 8, 2017It s a subtle hit at Trump, despite not ever acknowledging Trump himself. We all know that the reason Ivanka s sales were declining over the past year is because of The Donald and his disgraceful behavior   much like the decline of popularity in his own hotels. Sadly for the man-baby POTUS, Trump only has himself to blame for this one!Read more:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2622, Trump Tweets Fake List Of ‘Fake News’ The Media Has Run And Gets STOMPED By Twitter (TWEETS),"On Wednesday, Donald Trump once again lashed out at the media with a scathing article about 16  fake news  stories that have been published since Trump became President*.'16 Fake News Stories Reporters Have Run Since Trump Won' https://t.co/0dHld5kiVc  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017The site featuring the list, The Federalist, is a known purveyor of right-wing hoaxes and is about as reliable as Betsy DeVos in any of the many bear attacks that occur in our schools year-round, but Trump saw a headline he liked and tweeted it out because, to him, fact-checking is a waste of time. Besides, Trump is in the middle of the largest anti-media campaign since Adolf Hitler went out of his way to discredit the media to allow him to more effectively consolidate power   and this article aids that goal nicely:We are in the midst of an epidemic of fake news. There is no better word to describe it than  epidemic,  insofar as it fits the epidemiological model from the Centers for Disease Control: this phenomenon occurs when  an agent and susceptible hosts are present in adequate numbers, and the agent can be effectively conveyed from a source to the susceptible hosts. The  agent  in this case is hysteria over Trump s presidency, and the  susceptible hosts  are a slipshod, reckless, and breathtakingly gullible media class that spread the hysteria around like well, like a virus.It is difficult to adequately sum up the breadth of this epidemic, chiefly because it keeps growing: day after day, even hour after hour, the media continue to broadcast, spread, promulgate, publicize, and promote fake news on an industrial scale. It has become a regular part of our news cycle, not distinct from or extraneous to it but a part of it, embedded within the news apparatus as a spoke is embedded in a bicycle wheel.Whenever you turn on a news station, visit a news website, or check in on a journalist or media personality on Twitter or Facebook, there is an excellent chance you will be exposed to fake news. It is rapidly becoming an accepted part of the way the American media are run.The list that follows, unsurprisingly, contains stories with mostly minor errors that were all corrected quickly because that s how it works when initial reporting is incorrect. Others are simply stuff Donald Trump has done that The Federalist elected to simply say are  fake news    like his threat to send troops into Mexico, Trump s decision to ease sanctions on Russia, and the GOP rolling back Obama-era regulations that prevent the mentally ill from owning guns.Fortunately, not everyone is as stupid as Trump s followers and The Donald was quickly called out for sharing this list from such a disreputable source:Oh for Pete s sake. NOT ONE of these supposedly  fake  stories is actual  fake news.  @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/2YK4REIMUG  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump #theresistance pic.twitter.com/bP7iJr6HkZ  #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FDRLST pic.twitter.com/NueWae3hdZ  paladine (@paladine) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FDRLST pic.twitter.com/ua6D83VATz  paladine (@paladine) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump hey here's someone from YOUR team being mocked on uk tv for dishing out FAKE NEWS,practice what you preach & DO SOME WORK?? pic.twitter.com/KhyDqiILWs  Darius Syrossian (@DariusSyrossian) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FDRLST well, 17 if you include this bullshit list.  Benjamin Byron Davis (@Tooda) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump oh my god you're embarrassing.  Jeremy Botter (@jeremybotter) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump The head honcho at this site is a known plagiarist. Try harder. https://t.co/CGKbfWhhWI  Brenna Ehrlich (@BrennaEhrlich) February 8, 2017. @realDonaldTrump POTUS complaining about fake news from a fake news website. Fakenewsception? Trademark it. Lots of money for you there.  Elie. (@eliefares) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FDRLST None of them are fake stories. They're stories with errors that were corrected. That's very different.  (((Punch Nazis))) (@esjacobs) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FDRLST I hadn't heard of any of these stories. They are all obscure news stories that YOUR ADMINISTRATION has promoted.  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) February 8, 2017More #FakeNews from the #SoCalledPresident: @realDonaldTrump wrong that media is not reporting on terrorism any more https://t.co/MIy0wzEIa2 pic.twitter.com/6V531eRLpR  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Bowling Green Massacre and Alternative Facts dude. YOU are the number one source for bullsh*t.  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) February 8, 2017Though he says the phrase a lot, even Trump likely doesn t actually believe the things he falsely calls  fake news  are fake news. Sebastian Gorka, deputy assistant to President Donald Trump, explained Monday that the administration will keep using the term until the media realizes they are wrong for attacking Trump with facts. There is a monumental desire on behalf of the majority of the media, not just the pollsters, the majority of the media to attack a duly elected President in the second week of his term,  he says. That s how unhealthy the situation is and until the media understands how wrong that attitude is, and how it hurts their credibility, we are going to continue to say,  fake news . Gorka is a former editor for white supremacist propaganda website Breitbart, which President Steve Bannon used to run.Yes, fake news exists. You usually see it on sites like nbc.com.co.qwdsff4wf.org. But none of these stories, even the ones with errors, earn that classification. What does qualify as  fake news  is President Asterisk s claim that President Obama was born in Kenya, that millions voted illegally for his opponent, and that anyone who disagrees with Donald Trump or says anything unflattering about him is pushing  fake news. Resist.Read more:Featured image via Getty Images (XXX)/screengrab",0
2623, WATCH: Ted Cruz Claims Democrats Are “The Party Of The KKK” And Gets Instantly OWNED With Facts,"Ted Cruz decided to smear present-day Democrats as supporters of the Ku Klux Klan in defense of Jeff Sessions, and it spectacularly backfired.When Donald Trump nominated Sessions for Attorney General, an uproar ensued because of Sessions  racism over the course of his career.As a United States attorney, Sessions attempted to suppress the black vote in Alabama by prosecuting three civil rights activists for helping black people vote.Sessions  racism is so bad that Republicans rejected his nomination for a judgeship in 1986. Even Coretta Scott King strenuously opposed his nomination in a letter that has since resurfaced.King wrote that Sessions  lacks the temperament, fairness, and judgement to be a federal judge  and has  used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens. She continued by warning that Sessions  would irreparably damage the work of my husband. When Senator Elizabeth Warren attempted to read the letter on the Senate floor on Tuesday, Republicans silenced her in defense of their racist colleague, who if confirmed, would gut the Justice Department and prevent it from protecting civil rights and voting rights.Cruz joined his colleagues in silencing Warren and he defended Sessions during an interview on Fox News by trying to link Democrats with the KKK. It s one of the crutches  when the left doesn t have any other arguments, they go and just accuse everyone of being a racist. The Democrats are the party of the Ku Klux Klan. You look at the most racist  you look at the Dixiecrats, they were Democrats who imposed segregation, imposed Jim Crow laws, who founded the Klan. The Klan was founded by a great many Democrats. Now, the Democrats accuse anyone they disagree with of being a racist. That was a false smear of Jeff Sessions and I think he will make an extraordinary attorney general. Here s the video via YouTube:While it s true that Democrats of the past did, indeed, support the KKK, it should be noted that the Dixiecrats Cruz speaks of became Republicans after Democrats pushed for passage of the Civil Rights Act. Later on, Richard Nixon and Ronald Reagan would employ the  Southern Strategy  to complete the Republican abandonment of Abraham Lincoln.Democrats have worked hard over the last 70 years to recover from their racist history, and have successfully done so by passing landmark legislation protecting voting rights and civil rights.Cruz is also wrong about Democrats being  the party of the KKK.  That claim may have worked in 1870 or in 1930, but it definitely won t work today, especially since the KKK formally endorsed Donald Trump and celebrated after Trump nominated Sessions.In fact, Sessions once said that he liked the KKK until he found out that they smoked marijuana. Apparently he had no problem with their racism and hate and terrorism against black people.In response, Twitter users roasted Cruz.#morningjoe Ted Cruz said democrats are the KKK. The Republicans have nominated KKK leaders. Who represents the KKK now?  Riley2u (@tawnylinda) February 8, 2017At what point do people like Ted Cruz come up with new lines besides  Soros did it  and  Dems are the party of the KKK ?  Andrew Kirell (@AndrewKirell) February 8, 2017OMG @tedcruz HOW DO YOU NOT KNOW THE PARTIES FLIPPED? DID YOU GO TO A @BetsyDeVos SCHOOL? DID YOU FORGET THE KKK ENDORSED YOUR CANDIDATE?  Emma Catherine (@emmstarr) February 8, 2017Irony: @tedcruz says dems started kkk whom POTUS just removed from violent extremist watch list & their confederate flag waving voters cheer  Joey Toledo (@joey_toledo) February 8, 2017dear @tedcruz democrats were the party of the kkk yada yada yada barack obama  Oliver Willis (@owillis) February 8, 2017Hey, Ted, what was that name again of that head of the Ku Klux Klan who endorsed @realDonaldTrump? https://t.co/w2EtM3NlGL  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) February 8, 2017Read more:Featured Image: Flickr",0
2624, WH Official: We Will Keep Saying ‘Fake News’ Until The Media Is Nicer To Trump,"Sebastian Gorka, deputy assistant to Donald Trump, doesn t like the media  attacking  the alleged president just two weeks into office. Trump has screwed up big time but Gorka seems to believe there s a rest period from the media for a newly minted president.On Monday, Gorka said that the Trump administration will continue using the term  fake news  until the media understands that their  monumental desire  to attack Trump is wrong, according to Fox6Now. Gorka is a former Breitbart editor, a site dedicated to promoting  fake news. There is a monumental desire on behalf of the majority of the media, not just the pollsters, the majority of the media to attack a duly elected President in the second week of his term,  Gorka told conservative radio host Michael Medved. The host, for the record, blasted Trump before the election as  insecure, unprepared and angrily unhinged. That s how unhealthy the situation is and until the media understands how wrong that attitude is, and how it hurts their credibility, we are going to continue to say,  fake news.  I m sorry, Michael. That s the reality,  he added.Team Trump repeatedly uses the term  fake news  to discredit the press and media outlets. The crybaby-in-chief even called negative poll numbers  fake news  on Monday. Each time Trump and his administration call CNN or the New York Times  fake news,  they offer no proof of any deceptive reporting.Medved asked Gorka if he would admit that the administration s controversial statement on Holocaust Remembrance Day was  at least questionable in being the first such statement in many years that didn t recognize that Jewish extermination was the chief goal of the Holocaust. It s a Holocaust remembrance statement,  Gorka said.  No, I m not going to admit it. Because it s asinine. It s absurd. You re making a statement about the Holocaust. Of course it s about the Holocaust because that s what the statement s about. It s only reasonable to twist it if your objective is to attack the President. A caller told Gorka, every time you call everything fake news, it just turns everyone except your hardcore fans off. Not everything s fake news,  the caller added. You know, I would beg to differ,  Gorka said.  Every single organ that generates these kinds of stories comes from the same clique of media organs that predicted that Hillary (Clinton) would win and that Brexit wouldn t occur. I know what fake news is. And it s coming from those organizations. It s time that you yourself understood that as well. Gorka is the second Breitbart employee brought into the White House. Steve Bannon was the head honcho of the right wing propaganda outlet. The Trump administration is fake news.Image via Twitter.",0
2625, Trump Whines About Waiting For ‘EASY D’ And The Jokes Just Write Themselves (TWEETS),"In his nearly-incoherent ravings about his Muslim ban getting shut down, Donald Trump said something that will haunt him until the end of his disaster of a presidency. Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable,  Trump said, adding the good part:  as we wait for what should be EASY D! Big increase in traffic into our country from certain areas, while our people are far more vulnerable, as we wait for what should be EASY D!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017We can probably assume that Trump meant  easy defense,  but phrasing, man! Twitter immediately lit up with people razzing him for his hilariously unintentional search for a big, all-caps,  EASY D    and the jokes kind of just wrote themselves from that point.@realDonaldTrump @realDonaldTrump I heard you can get ""EASY D"" by answering Craigslist Casual Encounters ads. pic.twitter.com/MwSvaVZkco  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Is ""EASY D"" what you give President Bannon and Daddy Putin every night for dessert? #easyD pic.twitter.com/XzQfS7mnqi  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) February 8, 2017.@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/kY1sYZy8bS  Parker Molloy (@ParkerMolloy) February 8, 2017""I'm told that D is abundant and of low value, period. Next question."" pic.twitter.com/CB1soGXh0X  Parker Molloy (@ParkerMolloy) February 8, 2017@MikeTScribe @bessbell I think it's going to be the average grades of our schools with DeVos in, and Trump must think a D is just great!  Appalachian Tarheel (@appalachianheel) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Please give us your easy D!Also, you lost the popular vote by a lot.  Evan Dashevsky (@haldash) February 8, 2017@scottbix that was my nickname in college  David Wyllie (@journodave) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Easy D? That a euphemism for something Steve Bannon-related?  Eric Walkuski (@ericwalkuski) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Scare me daddy.  pourmecoffee (@pourmecoffee) February 8, 2017. @realDonaldTrump Mmm I want some Easy D  DansGaming (@Dansgaming) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Nicknaming DeVos ""EASY D"" is disgusting!  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) February 8, 2017All @realDonaldTrump is asking for is some #EasyD  Mike Denison (@mikd33) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump you like that easy D don't you  lucas matney (@Lucas_Matney) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump ""Easy D"" is what you'd like to give your daughter.  Jon Bershad (@JonBershad) February 8, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Eazy D! pic.twitter.com/M3QjrZ38Xp  Kristopher Tapley (@kristapley) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump easy D is meaningless without real love tho  Michael Foss (@Fossphate) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Tell us more about getting the ""Easy D"" from Putin  pic.twitter.com/AAaaapkFhK  Kaj-Erik Eriksen (@KajEriksen) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump dude, if you want some easy D, just stroll down the beach after midnight.  Curtis unNormalized (@cebsilver) February 8, 2017He even got trolled by one of the leading websites where one can find some  easy D  (in video form):. @realDonaldTrump Who doesn't love waiting for some EASY D?  Pornhub ARIA (@Pornhub) February 8, 2017 .and by an adult toy maker, who offers some of the  easiest D  in existence since it comes straight to your door:The folks at gay dating app Grindr just seemed confused that Trump thinks he has to wait to get some  D :? https://t.co/6s674G6h6i  Grindr (@Grindr) February 8, 2017Being President can be hard (just ask Steve Bannon), and  easy D  can be hard to find (unless you re on Craigslist when the RNC comes to town), but no matter what kind of  D  Trump wants, there are better ways to get it than banning Muslims from entering the country.The only way any of us are going to get  easy D  is if we get Trump out of the White House so we can begin to rebuild our relationships with everyone. F*cking everyone.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
2626, Trump Loses His Sh*t After Nordstrom Stops Peddling Ivanka’s Sh*tty Product Line,"Donald Trump should not be lashing out like this. It s embarrassing.After months of boycotts and protests, Nordstrom and several other retailers have dropped Ivanka Trump s product line from their inventory.The  Grab Your Wallet  campaign has only been growing since Trump won the election the Russians rigged in November. The campaign began as a protest against Trump over his  grab them by the p*ssy  remark. This is a sharply divisive subject,  Nordstrom co-president Pete Nordstrom said.  No matter what we do, we are going to end up disappointing some of our customers. Every single brand we offer is evaluated on their results   if people don t buy it, we won t sell it. And so, Americans across the country listened and stopped buying from Nordstrom, forcing them to make a choice. They can die as a company defending the Trump brand, or they can survive by dumping it.Nordstrom made the smart choice, and now Donald Trump is pissed.My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person   always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017If Trump didn t want his daughter s business to be negatively affected by his campaign and presidency, he should have stayed out of it to begin with. Now his family is paying the price and Twitter isn t shedding a single tear.@realDonaldTrump you put the  brief  in  briefing.  pic.twitter.com/E9B0ti2EYt  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Calm down, dear. She s got a new job all lined up manipulating you via her husband.  Erich McElroy (@erichmcelroy) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump are you saying you usually choose the wrong thing and she stops you? Asking for a friend/planet. pic.twitter.com/9GJLyTFtnA  Adam Mordecai (@advodude) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump @Nordstrom By  being treated unfairly  do you mean Ivanka is on of the seven countries BANNED by Nordstroms?  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump @Nordstrom Also, you have managed to tweet to a department store but have yet to acknowledge the tragedy in Quebec.  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) February 8, 2017.@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/qrQAA6JBkV   Lee ?? (@RejectTrump) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump @Nordstrom she should have pushed you to drop out.  Sahil Lavingia (@shl) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump @Nordstrom also this is clearly a conflict of interest. ???  Sahil Lavingia (@shl) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump @Nordstrom Free market, Orange man.  Jeffrey Guterman (@JeffreyGuterman) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump @Nordstrom is there a point when you re going to start acting like a President?  Andy Cohen (@Andy) February 8, 2017.@realDonaldTrump @Nordstrom yes the president just publicly bitched about his daughter losing income streams  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) February 8, 2017Donald Trump should not be using the office of the presidency to attack a company for dropping his daughter s product line. That s a clear conflict of interest.But Nordstrom is far from being the only retailer to ditch Ivanka. As Raw Story points outs, Home Shopping Network, Retailers Belk, Neiman Marcus, Jet and ShopStyle have all dropped her this week.Donald Trump is truly pathetic. It s one thing to criticize companies for outsourcing jobs, it something entirely different, however, to criticize a business for deciding what products to sell. And Trump is definitely trying to punish Nordstrom for not continuing to sell Ivanka s product line. Of course, Ivanka s products are made overseas, which makes Trump a hypocrite, too.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
2627, Trump Gets TORCHED After Hypocritically Whining About Democratic Obstruction,"Donald Trump is throwing a hissy fit because Democrats are blocking many of his Cabinet nominees. But he should be blaming Republicans instead.Trump has chosen nominees who want to destroy the departments they have been picked to lead and they are mostly unqualified to hold the positions.But those are not the only reasons why Democrats are putting up a fight.For eight years, Republicans frequently obstructed President Obama s nominees and any legislation Democrats proposed. And for nearly a whole year, Republicans blocked Obama s Supreme Court nominee Merrick Garland from taking his rightful place on the high court.The obstruction was unprecedented in American history, yet Republicans and Trump are whining because Democrats are doing the exact same thing to them. .On Tuesday, Trump took to Twitter to complain like a hypocrite.It is a disgrace that my full Cabinet is still not in place, the longest such delay in the history of our country. Obstruction by Democrats!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017Again, Republicans blocked Garland s nomination for nearly a year even though he was totally qualified and had received praise from GOP lawmakers. Garland was also considered a moderate choice for the court. Furthermore, Republicans blocked an Obama nominee for years from taking her place as Ambassador to the Bahamas and she died waiting to serve her country.So while Republicans are throwing a temper tantrum over Democratic obstruction, they really only have themselves to blame. For eight years, they viciously blocked legislation and nominees because they hated President Obama. And they hated him because he has black skin. If Donald Trump wants to bitch about obstructionism he should blame Republicans for setting the precedent.Also, Trump is lying because President Obama didn t have his full Cabinet in place until April.And Twitter was quick to remind him of it.@realDonaldTrump This is what happens when your party sets a new standard for obstructionism   the other side has to escalate to compensate.  Tom Coates (@tomcoates) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Like most Democrats, I d prefer that we didn t have to do things like this, but after 60 attempts to repeal obamacare?  Tom Coates (@tomcoates) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump After Republican refusal to even talk to Obama s Supreme Court nominee?  Tom Coates (@tomcoates) February 8, 2017.@realDonaldTrump no I d say the republican controlled senate holds the honor. But you re *the* source for #fakenews https://t.co/rQ0nPnQVBF  Dr. Craig Malkin (@DrCraigMalkin) February 8, 2017They re being responsible, denying the picks Bannon manipulated you to make @realDonaldTrump  Zach Hunter (@zachjhunter) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump all you do is moan!  so&so doesnt like me blah blah! Do some work!You are PRESIDENT & tweet using the word  Haters ?REALLY?  Darius Syrossian (@DariusSyrossian) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump yet another lie. Clinton didn t have Cabinet in place until March 11. Bush Sr was March 17. Obama not till April 28  Jeremy M (@thismyshow) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump or  you nominated the widest bunch of disqualified nimrods in the history of so called presidents?  Jaime Primak (@JaimePrimak) February 8, 2017@realDonaldTrump Fuck yeah, bitch!!! #Resist #YOUareTheDisgrace ??????  Perez (@ThePerezHilton) February 8, 2017@Rosie @realDonaldTrump All the tiny violins in the universe can t make me feel sorry for you. You made your bed, Donald.  BrendaS104 (@BrendaS104) February 8, 2017Democrats should obstruct Trump s nominees and his agenda at all costs. Turnabout is fair play and Republicans need to be taught a lesson.Featured Image: Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2628, Trump’s Disastrously-Misspelled Terrorist Attack List Earns Him A Smackdown From The DICTIONARY (TWEETS),"When Trump s White House released a list of terrorist attacks they say the media did not cover, one thing was clear: the dictionary is the Trump administration s worst enemy. Attacker  was spelled  attaker,  the list referenced a country called  Denmakr,  San Bernardino was missing an  r,  and so on. Eventually, the Merriam-Webster dictionary caught wind of the error-ridden list and offered some advice. Reminder that our app has voice search, so you can look a word up even if you re not sure how it s spelled,  the Dictionary tweeted, adding a link to their ( there  in Trumpspeak) app.Reminder that our app has voice search, so you can look a word up even if you're not sure how it's spelled. https://t.co/gAH5JjwU32 https://t.co/oyxk2zwpWO  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) February 7, 2017This one was more subtle than the more recent times that the Dictionary has smacked Trump around   like when he tweeted about  unpresidented  acts or when Sean Spicer couldn t define  betrayal    but it was clear what Merriam-Webster was saying, and people couldn t be happier with the shade that was thrown:@MerriamWebster ????Was that an attak?  Krista Ritzman Reed (@smokelvr) February 7, 2017.@MerriamWebster pic.twitter.com/xzHNf1kLTH  Alt-Thin Brown (@jteeDC) February 7, 2017@MerriamWebster you guys are certainly winning at internet. pic.twitter.com/eesiHbOscx  Wendy Lady (@NerdRage42) February 7, 2017@MerriamWebster Whatever this company pays you, oh Twitter person, it isn't enough. I never thought I would enjoy following a dictionary so.  CLLynch (@lynchauthor) February 7, 2017@MerriamWebster oh, dictionary, you're so salty.  Paging Mrs. Herman (@THerman23) February 7, 2017@MerriamWebster I've never loved a dictionary so much.  Lee Koh (@eunleekoh) February 7, 2017@MerriamWebster @noropthony Burn level, EPIC! Epic: 2 a : extending beyond the usual or ordinary especially in size or scope  Tracy JSM (@Trinityapp) February 7, 2017@MerriamWebster our country is going to be saved by Merriam-Webster.  Kendra Kendall (@kikuandjuju) February 7, 2017@MerriamWebster on that low-key spelling shade ??  goldee-loxs? (@goldee_loxs) February 7, 2017Merriam-Webster later announced they added  shade  to the dictionary We added shade to the dictionary. https://t.co/dbxSsggzLo pic.twitter.com/4bpkoJVvAF  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) February 7, 2017 followed by  side-eye. 'Side-eye' is now in the dictionary. Our earliest example of it in use comes from 1797. (GIF by @GIPHY Studios.) https://t.co/ClvewjDi0K pic.twitter.com/3bhMrce7F0  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) February 8, 2017They even re-added a new (old), fun term to call Donald Trump:Yes like snollygoster, ""a shrewd & unprincipled person, especially an unprincipled politician."" Just added it back. https://t.co/DsYIshSZDU https://t.co/lv5HKPyNum  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) February 7, 2017But they were clear that of the 1,000 new words added to the dictionary,  unpresidented  is not one of them:@MerriamWebster Is unpresidented one of them?  Caitlin Luce Baker (@Cait_onthe_Luce) February 7, 2017No. https://t.co/F62W8BBmHl  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) February 7, 2017Trump s team is built from the absolute worst our country has to offer: white supremacists, warmongers, corporate warlords, and the absolute dumbest people one could ever imagine.In just a few weeks, Donald Trump has managed to make a mockery of almost every aspect of our government, appointing a slew of unqualified people to positions they should never be near and even getting tricked into making a white supremacist one of the most powerful men in the country.Take the time to laugh, but be sure to resist the snollygoster in the White House in every way you can for the next four years   or, of course, until he is ultimately impeached for being completely and utterly incompetent.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
2629, McConnell’s Senate Floor Sexism Just Gave Us The Best Protest Cry Yet (TWEETS),"The GOP likes to pretend that they have no issue with women, but it couldn t be clearer that this is a bold-faced lie. The issue was brought front and center when Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) invoked an obscure, rarely used Senate rule in order to silence Senator Elizabeth Warren when she was reading a letter from the late civil rights icon and wife of Martin Luther King Jr Coretta Scott King. The letter was entered into the Senate record in 1986, when Senator Jeff Sessions (R-AL) was rejected by the Senate for a federal judgeship because he is clearly a racist. Now, Sessions is on the cusp of becoming the Attorney General   the chief law enforcement officer and the person charged with protecting the civil rights of all.When rebuking Senator Warren in the most sexist terms imaginable, McConnell said: She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted. Of course, in the age of social media, McConnell s appalling actions and remarks spread like wildfire. #ShePersisted immediately went viral on Twitter and Facebook, as did #LetLizSpeak. #CorettaScottKing trended as well. Of course, it is not lost that McConnell s sexist Senate Floor behavior comes just a couple of weeks after the women of this nation marched in solidarity in what is perhaps the biggest protest in United States history. Surely he didn t mean to, but McConnell just gave us all an awesome feminist rallying cry, and his own words are already being used against him, and will likely be seen on protest signs around the nation this weekend.Hell, they are already on t-shirts and iPhone covers. Here are just a few tweets from the #ShePersisted hashtag:Hey @SenateMajLdr, just wanted to say fuck you before I went to bed. Fuck you. #ShePersisted  Travon Free (@Travon) February 8, 2017Thanks for my new lock screen, @SenateMajLdr. #ShePersisted pic.twitter.com/3Udw5lmySQ  shauna (@goldengateblond) February 8, 2017She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, #ShePersisted.Malala Yousafzai, shot by the Taliban & fights for girl's educ. pic.twitter.com/mW0p8eGeKa  Sarah Flourance (@BookishFeminist) February 8, 2017That speech you shut down Mitch McConnell? Warren has 2.7 MILLION views on Facebook now. Good job! #ShePersisted  karinchu (@karinchu) February 8, 2017This is a rebellion; I rebel.#letlizspeak#resist#ShePersisted pic.twitter.com/Gi1BXASFDM  Oliver Willis (@owillis) February 8, 2017Nevertheless, #ShePersisted pic.twitter.com/9xVMDbp31z  Ladama (@ladama) February 8, 2017Is the irony of silencing #Warren for reading MLK's wife's letter during black history month wholly lost on R's? #LetLizSpeak #ShePersisted  Brianna Nichols (@briannanichols) February 8, 2017Nevertheless #ShePersisted #fannielouhamer pic.twitter.com/UthQRSFfZT  carey b (@bodie0) February 8, 2017Nevertheless she persisted. #letlizspeak #shepersisted @SenWarren #strongwomen #WomensMarch pic.twitter.com/1J4gtTmyYh  So Cal Mountain Gal (@LiviRichelle) February 8, 2017Mitch McConnell, I don t think you know what you ve done. But, I suppose, despite your disgusting, bigoted conduct, we should be thanking you, because you just rallied us even harder and exposed your party s bigotry even further.VOTE THEM OUT in 2018, folks. This will not be forgotten. #RESIST.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
2630, WATCH: Jake Tapper BURIES Kellanne Conway For Lies And Hypocrisy About Terrorism Coverage,"Jake Tapper laid into Kellyanne Conway on Tuesday over Donald Trump s claim that the media is covering up terrorist attacks.On Monday, Trump literally accused the media of ignoring terrorist attacks to keep the American people in the dark and to keep them in opposition to his Muslim ban. It s gotten to a point where it s not even being reported,  Trump told U.S. Central Command.  And in many cases, the very, very dishonest press doesn t want to report it. They have their reasons and you understand that. Except that the media has covered lots of terrorist attacks over the years, most of them extensively and journalists have risked their lives to report on some of them.Trump released a list of supposed undercovered terrorist attacks and the list somehow included Paris, Nice, and San Bernardino among other significant attacks even though the media exhaustively covered them.So CNN let Conway appear again on the network to answer for Trump s lies, and they apparently did that so she could get her ass handed to her by Jake Tapper.During the interview, Tapper demanded to know why Trump won t stop lying and refused to take Conway s bullshit when she attempted to spin. After he said that, the White House released a list of the attacks that he was supposedly referring to as, in his words, not even being reported, I want to put some footage of CNN reporters covering attacks that were on that list,  Tapper said.  Saying that we don t cover terrorism, that s just false. And, indeed, he did put the footage up and forced Conway to concede that not only did CNN cover many of the attacks on the list, they did a good job doing it.But Conway still tried to claim that Trump was somehow making a point by including those attacks and she soon began whining about how the media has covered Trump from the campaign trail to the White House.Apparently, the Wicked Witch of the West expected all the media coverage to be one big cheerleading squad for the Trump administration.That didn t fly with Tapper. That s a lovely spin, but that s not what he was saying Kellyanne,  Tapper said, reminding her that Trump literally accused the media of not reporting on these attacks.And then Tapper went for the jugular and demanded to know why Trump has remained silent about a terrorist attack in Quebec, Canada that was committed against a mosque by a white right-wing Trump fan. President Trump has not said or tweeted one public word about this,  Tapper said.  You want to talk about ignoring terrorism, why hasn t the president offered his sympathy to our neighbors in the north? Mic. Dropped.Conway tried to claim that Trump is opposed to any loss of life, but the fact is that while he constantly whines about petty things on Twitter on a daily basis, he couldn t even be bothered to say anything about the attack in Quebec. In fact, all of the terrorist attacks Trump listed were committed by Muslim extremists, conveniently ignoring the higher number of terrorist attacks committed by white right-wingers in this country.Tapper even noted that Trump found time to tweet about the attack at the Louvre in Paris in which no lives were lost but completely ignored the Quebec attack that killed six innocent people.Here s the video via YouTube.Seriously, CNN and every other media outlets should permanently ban Kellyanne Conway from appearing on their programming. Even when confronted with the truth she continues to lie for Donald Trump and then spins by whining about media coverage. It s the only play she has in her playbook and it is embarrassing and pathetic.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
2631, Yemen Just Told Trump to Stay The F*ck Out Of Their Country After Disastrous FAILURE Of A Raid,"Donald Trump may call his disaster of a raid in Yemen last week a  success,  but the rest of the world views it as just one of the more deadly ways in which he has demonstrated his ineptitude   and now we are paying the price.Not only did Trump completely miss his main target, Qassim al-Rimi,  who is currently mocking him, but the poorly-planned raid slaughtered 30 civilians including 10 women and children (one of them a U.S. citizen). Three U.S. service members were injured and a Navy SEAL was killed.So what went wrong? Everything.Trump reportedly decided to go ahead with the raid over dinner after his cabinet convinced him it was the right thing to do by telling him that Obama would not have the balls to go through with him (seriously, that s all it took). According to a senior U.S. intelligence official,  almost everything went wrong  once the team arrived. Officials say Trump approved the attack without sufficient intelligence, ground support or adequate backup preparations.  On top of failing to kill his target, slaughtering civilians wholesale, murdering a U.S. citizen, and getting a SEAL killed with his bumbling mess of an operation, the intel that was gathered is garbage. The military is touting three videos they recovered from the raid as evidence of success   but the videos are a decade old and available on YouTube.Because of all this, Yemen has decided that they don t want Trump coming in and wrecking their living room again. The New York Times reports:Angry at the civilian casualties incurred last month in the first commando raid authorized by President Trump, Yemen has withdrawn permission for the United States to run Special Operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups in the country, according to American officials.Grisly photographs of children apparently killed in the crossfire of a 50-minute firefight during the raid caused outrage in Yemen. A member of the Navy s SEAL Team 6, Chief Petty Officer William Owens, was also killed in the operation.While the White House continues to insist that the attack was a  success    a characterization it repeated on Tuesday   the suspension of commando operations is a setback for Mr. Trump, who has made it clear he plans to take a far more aggressive approach against Islamic militants. The fool of the White House got slapped at the beginning of his road in your lands, al-Rimi said in a video following Trump s failed raid. Yemen s decision not to let Trump play with his toys in their house is a bit uncomfortable for The Donald, who promised to step up our approach to fighting terrorism. Now that he is President, he has done nothing but hurt that effort.Watch a report on the raid below:Featured image via Getty Images/Pool",0
2632, DOJ Lawyers LITERALLY Argued That Trump Is Above The Law And Untouchable By Any Court (AUDIO),"You know how white supremacists have been calling Trump their  God-Emperor? Apparently, that has gone to The Donald s head, as his DOJ lawyers actually argued that he is completely untouchable by any court and his decisions are absolute.On Tuesday, August Flentje, Special Counsel to the Assistant U.S. Attorney General, was asked a question that should have been an automatic  no    Does the President have unchecked power? Are you arguing then that the president s decision in that regard is unreviewable?  Judge Michelle T. Friedland asked Flentje at one point in the Trump administration s attempt to get the Muslim ban back up and running. To most, the idea of any leader having unlimited and absolute power in any area of the government is frightening, but to the Trump administration it s just the way things should be.Flentje hesitated briefly, then provided a single-word answer that reveals everything you need to know about the mindset of Trump and his team of white supremacists, Christofascists, and other Deplorables:  Yes. Judge Friedland presses DOJ, are you arguing Pres Trump's power here is unrevieable by courts?A: yes#9thCircuit  Ari Melber (@AriMelber) February 7, 2017Naturally, Americans are not happy about this:As with GW Bush, Trump's expansive claims of unreviewable executive power will likely lead courts to impose new limits on the President  Adam Winkler (@adamwinkler) February 7, 2017Senators must ask Gorsuch if he agrees with the Trump DOJ that the EO travel ban is ""unreviewable"" by federal courts.  Amy Fried (@ASFried) February 5, 2017Q: Are you arguing Pres Trump's power here is unreviewable by courts?A: Yes. pic.twitter.com/L4RHXa8YxB  Joe (@activistmode) February 7, 2017The ""real risk"" question. DOJ Special Counsel basically asserts president's decision is unreviewable #9thCircuit  (((Trump Trash))) ? (@Trumpster_Fire) February 7, 2017Trump says travel ban ""unreviewable."" Not true. I'm reviewing it right now: 0 out of 5 stars. #ban #travel #TRUMP #TrumpBan #LawandOrder  ELMURO (@EL_MURO_QUE_RIE) February 5, 2017he Trump administration s position seems to be that a minority of voters elected   with the help of a Russian dictator s hackers and propagandists and a rogue FBI agent   a dictator rather than a President. While campaigning, Trump called himself the  law and order  candidate. Apparently, he thinks he is above both.You can listen below:Read more:Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)",0
2633, Mitch McConnell VICIOUSLY Cuts Off Elizabeth Warren To Defend Racism (VIDEO),"Another girl hurt a Republican s feelings. This time, it was Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass) who dropped a truth bomb on the GOP, which was too much for Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-Ky.) to handle. Trump s pick for attorney general, Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala) is being scrutinized for some very obvious reasons. His history speaks for itself.Then this happened:McConnell took particular issue with Warren quoting a letter written by Coretta Scott King, Martin Luther King Jr. s widow, when Sessions was under consideration for a federal judgeship in 1986.McConnell invoked the little-used Rule XIX, which says that  No Senator in debate shall, directly or indirectly, by any form of words impute to another Senator or to other Senators any conduct or motive unworthy or unbecoming a Senator.  King s letter argues that, during his time as a prosecutor in Alabama,  Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens.  It was that portion of the letter that McConnell read back to the presiding officer, arguing that it was over the line.Sen. Steve Daines (R-Montana) agreed with McConnell, ruling her in violation of the order and forcing her to sit down. Because of course he did. I am surprised that the words of Coretta Scott King are not suitable for debate in the United States Senate,  Warren declared.Still yet, Republicans prevailed after a vote was held on Warren s appeal of the ruling of the chair.According to the rules, Warren would be barred from speaking during the remaining 30 hours of the Sessions debate.Even so, Democrats asked that Warren s speaking privileges be restored.Watch:Democrats held the floor for 24 hours to protest Sessions  nomination just as they did in advance of Betsy Devos  confirmation. Warren was part of that effort.Read more:Image via screen capture.",0
2634, CNN Just Laid An EPIC SMACKDOWN Down On Sean Spicer Over Kellyanne Conway’s Credibility (VIDEO),"Not too long after CNN said they would no longer host Kellyanne Conway on their shows due to legitimate questions about her credibility (remember the Bowling Green massacre we all died at?), she loudly proclaimed that to be a lie, and said she turned down the Sunday shows due to family obligations.False. I could do no live Sunday shows this week BC of family. Plus, I was invited onto CNN today & tomorrow. CNN Brass on those emails https://t.co/LVOUWIytLK  Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) February 6, 2017During the daily White House press briefing, Sean Spicer fielded a question about that and he said it was his  understanding that they retracted that   that they walked that back. CNN wasn t having it. They know what they said and they know why they said it. Almost immediately after Spicer said that, CNN tweeted:In response to @PressSec s comment today: pic.twitter.com/2IdzeyDEU5  CNN Communications (@CNNPR) February 7, 2017Following her skewering over the  Bowling Green massacre  that literally never happened (and wasn t even a foiled attack), Conway tried her damnedest to claim the press was being mean to her because she  misspoke one word.  The problem with that is she didn t misspeak at all   she s referenced the massacre where she died, too, in the past (and really, who didn t die that day?). In fact, she made it a bigger lie with bigger alternative facts before: [Obama banned Iraqi refugees], it s a fact. Why did he do that? He did that for exactly the same reasons. He did that because two Iraqi nationals came to this country, joined ISIS, traveled back to the Middle East to get trained and refine their terrorism skills, and come back here, and were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre of taking innocent soldiers  lives away. But Spicer, who doesn t have much in the way of credibility himself, stood staunchly by her, calling her a  very trusted aide,  and complaining that CNN s characterization of her was insulting.Please.It s insulting that she goes on all these news shows and spins lie after lie after lie like all of America is incapable of using Google.Watch him defend her below: Read more:Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
2635, Republican Lawmaker Introduces Bill To Eliminate The Department Of Education Entirely,"Republicans are apparently hell-bent on destroying public education any way they can. The Senate confirmed Betsy DeVos as secretary of education in a 51-50 vote on Tuesday. And as if that weren t enough, a GOP representative introduced a bill to do away with the Department of Education entirely.Kentucky Rep. Thomas Massie introduced the one-page bill, which states that the Department of Education would terminate on Dec. 31, 2018. Now, to be honest, I could understand if this were a panicked, knee-jerk reaction to DeVos  confirmation. Kind of a  smoosh it before it lays eggs  response. It wouldn t make it a good idea, but it would be understandable. Sadly, that doesn t appear to be the case at all.Massie wants to eliminate the agency, which has been in place since 1980, because he just doesn t think the federal government should be in charge of education. Instead, he thinks the issue would best be left to states and local municipalities. (Insert eye roll here.) Unelected bureaucrats in Washington, D.C. should not be in charge of our children s intellectual and moral development. States and local communities are best positioned to shape curricula that meet the needs of their students,  Massie said in a statement.Massie isn t alone on this one, as seven other Republicans have also signed onto his bill: House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (Utah) and Reps. Justin Amash (Mich.), Andy Biggs (Ariz.), Matt Gaetz (Fla.), Jody Hice (Ga.), Walter Jones (N.C.) and Ra l Labrador (Idaho).The bill was introduced shortly after Vice President Mike Pence cast his tie-breaking to confirm DeVos. All Democrats voted against her and two Republicans, Sens. Susan Collins (Maine) and Lisa Murkowski (Alaska), broke ranks with their party and opposed her confirmation as well. Unfortunately, it was not enough to keep this blithering idiot from being confirmed as education secretary.Unfortunately, it was not enough to keep this blithering idiot from being confirmed as education secretary. And now, Republicans are trying to sabotage public education by abolishing the Department of Education entirely. Lovely.Read more:Featured image via T.J. Kirkpatrick/Getty Images",0
2636, WATCH: Donald Trump Literally Offers To ‘Destroy’ A State Senator’s Career,"After a Texas sheriff whined about a piece of legislation, Donald Trump seriously offered to  destroy  the lawmaker who wrote it.Texas Republican Senator Bob Hall represents Rockwall County, and he plans to introduce a bill that prevents police from seizing assets unless there is a conviction first.Basically, the legislation allows suspects who are arrested to keep their property and finances intact until they are formally convicted of their alleged crimes by a court of law.It makes sense, but Rockwall County Sheriff Harold Eavenson complained to Trump at a meeting on Tuesday that Hall s bill isn t the kind of cooperation he has been demanding. In short, the two bit sheriff thinks he can give orders to lawmakers. In response to Eavenson s whining, Trump asked him to name the lawmaker and offered to  destroy  his career. Everyone else laughed as if Trump was joking. Trump didn t laugh with them. He was being quite serious.EAVENSON: On asset state forfeiture, we got a state senator in Texas that was talking about introducing legislation to require conviction before we could receive that forfeiture money. And I told him that the cartel would give a monument to him in Mexico if he could get that legislation passed.TRUMP: Who is the state senator? Do you want to give his name? We ll destroy his career.Here s the video via Twitter.Sheriff tells Trump a lawmaker is pushing legislation he doesn t wantTrump:  Want to give his name? We ll destroy his career. (laughter) pic.twitter.com/7vLFAQOhw0  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) February 7, 2017So let s just get this straight. Because a state lawmaker plans to introduce a piece of legislation that doesn t jive with Trump s agenda and the agenda of a county sheriff, Trump is threatening to  destroy  the man s career. This is the kind of thing that tyrants do. And what s amazing is that this is a state lawmaker. Frankly, Trump should stay out of local and state affairs of this kind. Surely, the Texas Senate and House can decide if Hall s bill is worthy of passage. Furthermore, voters elected Hall to represent them. If they don t like what he is doing they will destroy him by not re-electing him. Trump isn t only threatening a lawmaker, he is threatening democracy. And he should not be allowed to get away with it.Read more:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2637, Donald Trump Vote Broke Up This Couple’s Marriage,"The 2016 election has been particularly hard on relationships. Social media is beginning to resemble a large echo chamber, with people with diverse views unfriending each other. It s not hard to imagine that those disagreements would go beyond social media, but it s especially shocking when political differences actually end a marriage.Gayle McCormick is a retired prison guard from California. She describes herself as a  Democrat leaning toward socialist.  Her husband, though, voted for Trump, and for that, their marriage is over. It totally undid me that he could vote for Trump,  said McCormick, 73, who had not thought of leaving the conservative Republican before but felt  betrayed  by his support for Trump. I felt like I had been fooling myself,  she said.  It opened up areas between us I had not faced before. I realised how far I had gone in my life to accept things I would have never accepted when I was younger. Source: IndependentIt might seem silly to leave a 22 year marriage over a political disagreement, but this election was about much more than typical Democrat vs. Republican rancor. We aren t just talking about federal government vs. state government or the size of people s taxes. This election was largely about who we are as people. While it s clear that not everyone who voted for Trump is racist, misogynistic and xenophobic, everyone who voted for Trump doesn t see racism, misogyny and xenophobia as deal breakers.Through accusations of corruption hurled at Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump has shown himself to be far more corrupt than any Clinton could dream of. Trump has been given carte blanche to run the government like a child dictator, tweeting fantasies of revenge over every perceived slight. Donald Trump is toxic. Hell, the world is about to break up with us over Trump s election. It stands to reason that personal relationships wouldn t fare much better.Read more:Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
2638, Kellyanne Conway Embarrasses Herself During Capitol Hill Meeting And Then Runs Away,"Kellyanne Conway was sent to meet with congressional staffers on Capitol Hill. It didn t go well.Conway and Boris Epshteyn apparently spoke to 100 communications staffers representing Republican senators to tell them what roles they are playing in the government, especially since Conway repeatedly lies for Trump on television and clearly has a lot of power in the White House.During one line of questioning, Conway was asked about the 1.5 million Americans who have called the Congressional switchboard to voice their opposition to Donald Trump s Education nominee Betsy DeVos.Conway responded by saying that she only gives a damn about her own  Real Person Impact  meter and suggested that those 1.5 million Americans are not real human beings because they oppose Trump. She basically said the people jamming up the phones don t matter to this White House,  an attendee told Politico.  That this administration just cares about what matters to  real people. The disdain Conway and Trump have against dissenting Americans is absolutely disgraceful. She is literally saying that it doesn t matter what the American people think and that Republicans should just shove their agenda down ours throats.But Conway wasn t done humiliating herself on Capitol Hill.After ridiculing the concerns of Americans about DeVos, a staffer asked about her reaction to Saturday Night Live s skit featuring Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer. A staffer said that her  face turned to stone  and she abruptly ended the meeting and ran away like a coward. They definitely did not find it funny,  the source said.  And then they walked out. The White House later disputed the claim and proceeded to brag about how Conway received an ovation from the staffers, something that did NOT happen.Clearly, Trump and his team are still delusional and believe that everyone loves them and what they are doing when, in fact, the exact opposite is the truth.Seriously, Kellyanne Conway has no business working in the White House and she definitely has no business being interviewed by the media. She s a serial liar who makes shit up and whines about any criticism or opposition Trump receives.It s time for her to resign or be fired.Read more:Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2639, Trump’s List Of ‘Unreported Terror Attacks’ Appears To Have Been Written By Drunk Monkeys,"In another of Donald Trump s whine rests, the Dictator in Chief accused the media of not reporting terrorist attacks. On Tuesday, Trump released the list of  unreported terrorist attacks,  which not surprisingly, have been extensively covered by the media. Yes, it s sad that lies from the White House are no longer surprising. What is surprising, though, is how the list was written. It was either done in a sleep deprived flurry from Trump or some drunken monkeys got ahold of a computer.You have to give the White House credit. For complete BS, the list is rather extensive. Here it is; see if you can find what s wrong.TIMELINE: September, 2014   December, 2016 NUMBER OF ATTACKS: 78MELBOURNE, AUSTRALIA September, 2014 TARGET: Two police officers wounded in knife attack ATTACKER: Abdul Numan HaiderTIZI OUZOU, ALGERIA September, 2014 TARGET: One French citizen beheaded ATTACKER: Jund al-Khilafah in AlgeriaQUEBEC, CANADA October, 2014 TARGET: One soldier killed and one wounded in vehicle attack ATTACKER: Martin Couture-RouleauOTTAWA, CANADA October, 2014 TARGET: One soldier killed at war memorial; two wounded in shootings at Parliament building ATTACKER: Michael Zehaf-BibeauNEW YORK CITY, NY, USA October, 2014 TARGET: Two police officers wounded in knife attack ATTACKER: US personRIYADH, SAUDI ARABIA November, 2014 TARGET: One Danish citizen wounded in shooting ATTACKERS: Three Saudi Arabia-based ISIL membersABU DHABI, UAE DATE: December 2014 TARGET: One American killed in knife attack ATTACKER: Dalal al-HashimiSYDNEY, AUSTRALIA December, 2014 TARGET: Two Australians killed in hostage taking and shooting ATTACKER: Man Haron MonisTOURS, FRANCE December, 2014 TARGET: Three police officers wounded in knife attack ATTACKER: Bertrand NzohabonayoPARIS, FRANCE January, 2015 TARGET: One police officer and four hostages killed in shooting at a kosher supermarket ATTACKER: Amedy CoulibalyTRIPOLI, LIBYA January, 2015 TARGET: Ten killed, including one US citizen, and five wounded in bombing and shooting at a hotel frequented by westerners ATTACKERS: As many as five ISIL-Libya membersRIYADH, SAUDI ARABIA January, 2015 TARGET: Two US citizens wounded in shooting ATTACKER: Saudi Arabia-based ISIL supporterNICE, FRANCE February, 2015 TARGET: Two French soldiers wounded in knife attack outside a Jewish community center ATTACKER: Moussa CoulibalyCOPENHAGEN, DENMARK February, 2015 TARGET: One civilian killed in shooting at a free-speech rally and one security guard killed outside the city s main synagogue ATTACKER: Omar Abdel Hamid el-HusseinTUNIS, TUNISIA March, 2015 TARGET: 21 tourists killed, including 16 westerners, and 55 wounded in shooting at the Bardo Museum ATTACKERS: Two ISIL-aligned extremistsKARACHI, PAKISTAN April, 2015 TARGET: One US citizen wounded in knife attack ATTACKERS: Pakistan-based ISIL supportersPARIS, FRANCE April, 2015 TARGET: Catholic churches targeted; one civilian killed in shooting, possibly during an attempted carjacking ATTACKER: Sid Ahmed GhlamZVORNIK, BOSNIA April, 2015 TARGET: One police officer killed and two wounded in shooting ATTACKER: Nerdin IbricGARLAND, TX, USA May, 2015 TARGET: One security guard wounded in shooting at the Prophet Muhammad cartoon event ATTACKERS: Two US personsBOSTON, MA, USA June, 2015 TARGET: No casualties; one police officer attacked with knife ATTACKER: US personEL GORA (AL JURAH), EGYPT June, 2015 TARGET: No casualties; camp used by Multinational Force and Observers (MFO) troops attacked in shooting and bombing attack ATTACKERS: Unknown number of ISIL-Sinai membersLUXOR, EGYPT June, 2015 TARGET: One police officer killed by suicide bomb near the Temple of Karnak ATTACKER: UnidentifiedSOUSSE, TUNISIA June, 2015 TARGET: 38 killed and 39 wounded in shooting at a beach frequented by westerners ATTACKERS: Seifeddine Rezgui and another unidentified attackerLYON, FRANCE June, 2015 TARGET: One civilian killed in beheading and explosion at a chemical plant ATTACKER: Yasin SalhiCAIRO, EGYPT July, 2015 TARGET: One killed and nine wounded in VBIED attack at Italian Consulate ATTACKER: Unidentified ISIL operativesCAIRO, EGYPT July, 2015 TARGET: One Croatian national kidnapped; beheaded on August 12 at an unknown location ATTACKER: Unidentified ISIL-Sinai operativePARIS, FRANCE August, 2015 TARGET: Two civilians and one US soldier wounded with firearms and knife on a passenger train ATTACKER: Ayoub el-KhazzaniEL GORA, EGYPT September, 2015 TARGET: Four US and two MFO troops wounded in IED attack ATTACKER: UnidentifiedDHAKA, BANGLADESH September, 2015 TARGET: One Italian civilian killed in shooting ATTACKER: UnidentifiedCOPENHAGEN, DENMARK September, 2015 TARGET: One police officer wounded in knife attack ATTAKER: Palestinian nationalEL GORA, EGYPT October, 2015 TARGET: No casualties; airfield used by MFO attacked with rockets ATTAKER: Unidentified ISIL-Sinai operativesPARRAMATTA, AUSTRALIA October, 2015 TARGET: One police officer killed in shooting ATTAKER: Farhad JabarRANGPUR, BANGLADESH October, 2015 TARGET: One Japanese civilian killed in shooting ATTAKER: UnidentifiedHASANAH, EGYPT October, 2015 TARGET: 224 killed in downing of a Russian airliner ATTAKER: Unidentified ISIL-Sinai operativesMERCED, CA, US November, 2015 TARGET: Four wounded in knife attack on a college campus ATTAKER: US personPARIS, FRANCE November, 2015 TARGET: At least 129 killed and approximately 400 wounded in series of shootings and IED attacks ATTAKERS: Brahim Abdelslam, Saleh Abdeslam, Ismail Mostefai, Bilal Hadfi, Samy Amimour, Chakib Ahrouh, Foued Mohamed Aggad, and Abdelhamid AbaaoudDINAJPUR, BANGLADESH November, 2015 TARGET: One Italian citizen wounded in shooting ATTAKER: UnidentifiedRAJLOVAC, BOSNIA December, 2015 TARGET: Two Bosnian soldiers killed in shooting ATTAKER: Enes OmeragicSAN BERNADINO, CA, US December, 2015 TARGET: 14 killed and 21 wounded in coordinated firearms attack ATTAKERS: Two US personsLONDON, ENGLAND, UK December, 2015 TARGET: Three wounded in knife attack at an underground rail station ATTAKER: Muhyadin MireDERBENT, RUSSIA December, 2015 TARGET: One killed and 11 wounded in shooting at UN World Heritage site ATTAKER: Unidentified ISIL-Caucasus operativeCAIRO, EGYPT January, 2016 TARGET: Two wounded in drive-by shooting outside a hotel frequented by tourists ATTAKERS: Unidentified ISIL operativesPARIS, FRANCE January, 2016 TARGET: No casualties; attacker killed after attempted knife attack on Paris police station ATTAKER: Tarek BelgacemPHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA January, 2016 TARGET: One police officer wounded in shooting ATTAKER: US personHURGHADA, EGYPT January, 2016 TARGET: One German and one Danish national wounded in knife attack at a tourist resort ATTAKER: UnidentifiedMARSEILLES, FRANCE January, 2016 TARGET: One Jewish teacher wounded in machete attack ATTAKER: 15 year-old Ethnic Kurd from TurkeyISTANBUL, TURKEY January, 2016 TARGET: 12 German tourists killed and 15 wounded in suicide bombing ATTAKER: Nabil FadliJAKARTA, INDONESIA January, 2016 TARGET: Four civilians killed and more than 20 wounded in coordinated bombing and firearms attacks near a police station and a Starbucks ATTAKERS: Dian Joni Kurnaiadi, Muhammad Ali, Arif Sunakim, and Ahmad Muhazan bin SaronCOLUMBUS, OH, US February, 2016 TARGET: Four civilians wounded in machete attack at a restaurant ATTAKER: US personHANOVER, GERMANY February, 2016 TARGET: One police officer wounded in knife attack ATTAKER: Safia SchmitterISTANBUL, TURKEY March, 2016 TARGET: Four killed and 36 wounded in suicide bombing in the tourist district ATTAKER: Mehmet OzturkBRUSSELS, BELGIUM March, 2016 TARGET: At least 31 killed and 270 wounded in coordinated bombings at Zaventem Airport and on a subway train ATTAKERS: Khalid el-Bakraoui, Ibrahim el-Bakraoui, Najim Laachraoui, Mohammed Abrini, and Osama KrayemESSEN, GERMANY April, 2016 TARGET: Three wounded in bombing at Sikh temple ATTAKERS: Three identified minorsORLANDO, FL, US June, 2016 TARGET: 49 killed and 53 wounded in shooting at a nightclub ATTAKER: US personMAGNANVILLE, FRANCE June, 2016 TARGET: One police officer and one civilian killed in knife attack ATTAKER: Larossi AbballaKABUL, AFGHANISTAN June, 2016 TARGET: 14 killed in suicide attack on a bus carrying Canadian Embassy guards ATTAKER: ISIL-Khorasan operativeISTANBUL, TURKEY June, 2016 TARGET: 45 killed and approximately 240 wounded at Ataturk International Airport ATTACKERS: Rakhim Bulgarov, Vadim Osmanov, and an unidentified ISIL operativeDHAKA, BANGLADESH July, 2016 TARGET: 22 killed, including one American and 50 wounded after hours-long siege using machetes and firearms at holy Artisan Bakery ATTACKERS: Nibras Islam, Rohan Imtiaz, Meer Saameh Mubasheer, Khairul Islam Paye, and Shafiqul Islam UzzalNICE, FRANCE July, 2016 TARGET: 84 civilians killed and 308 wounded by an individual who drove a truck into a crowd ATTACKER: Mohamed BouhlelWURZBURG, GERMANY July, 2016 TARGET: Four civilians wounded in axe attack on a train ATTACKER: Riaz Khan AhmadzaiANSBACH, GERMANY July, 2016 TARGET: At least 15 wounded in suicide bombing at a music festival ATTACKER: Mohammad DaleelNORMANDY, FRANCE July, 2016 TARGET: One priest killed in knife attack ATTACKERS: Adel Kermiche and Abdel Malik Nabil PetitjeanCHALEROI, BELGIUM August, 2016 TARGET: Two police officers wounded in machete attack ATTACKER: Khaled BabouriQUEENSLAND, AUSTRALIA August, 2016 TARGET: Two killed and one wounded in knife attack at a hostel frequented by Westerners ATTACKER: Smail AyadCOPENHAGEN, DENMAKR September, 2016 TARGET: Two police officers and a civilian wounded in shooting ATTACKER: Mesa HodzicPARIS, FRANCE September, 2016 TARGET: One police officer wounded in raid after VBIED failed to detonate at Notre Dame Cathedral ATTACKERS: Sarah Hervouet, Ines Madani, and Amel SakaouSYDNEY, AUSTRALIA September, 2016 TARGET: One civilian wounded in knife attack ATTACKER: Ihsas KhanST. CLOUD, MN, US September, 2016 TARGET: 10 wounded in knife attack in a mall ATTACKER: Dahir Ahmed AdanNEW YORK, NY; SEASIDE PARK AND ELIZABETH, NJ, US September, 2016 TARGET: 31 wounded in bombing in New York City; several explosive devices found in New York and New Jersey; one exploded without casualty at race in New Jersey; one police officer wounded in shootout ATTACKER: Ahmad Khan RahamiBRUSSELS, BELGIUM October, 2016 TARGET: Two police officers wounded in stabbing ATTACKER: Belgian nationalKUWAIT CITY, KUWAIT TARGET: No casualties; vehicle carrying three US soldiers hit by a truck ATTACKER: Ibrahim SulaymanMALMO, SWEDEN October, 2016 TARGET: No casualties; mosque and community center attacked with Molotov cocktail ATTACKER: Syrian nationalHAMBURG, GERMANY October, 2016 TARGET: One killed in knife attack ATTACKER: UnknownMANILA, PHILIPPINES November, 2016 TARGET: No casualties; failed IED attempt near US Embassy ATTACKERS: Philippine nationals aligned with the Maute groupCOLUMBUS, OH, US November, 2016 TARGET: 14 wounded by individuals who drove a vehicle into a group of pedestrians and attacked them with a knife ATTACKER: US personN DJAMENA, CHAD November, 2016 TARGET: No casualties; attacker arrested after opening fire at entrance of US Embassy ATTACKER: Chadian nationalKARAK, JORDAN December, 2016 TARGET: 10 killed and 28 wounded in shooting at a tourist site ATTACKERS: Several gunmenBERLIN, GERMANY December, 2016 TARGET: 12 killed and 48 wounded by individual who drove truck into a crowded market ATTACKER: Anis AmriFor starts, the word  attaker  was misspelled 27 times. Denmark was spelled  Denmarkr  and San Bernardino was  San Bernadino. Twitter has been brutal:White House list of allegedly undercovered Islamist terror attacks repeatedly misspells  attacker.  pic.twitter.com/Im2MPWJr7j  Matthew Yglesias (@mattyglesias) February 7, 2017WH list of unreported terror attacks filled with spelling errors. Q:Ms. DeVos   can you teach WH staff about  spell check ? A:Spell check?  Steven A Drizin (@SDrizin) February 7, 2017This keeps getting funnier. I m sure the WH response will be  alternative spelling . https://t.co/O5FJPtmQLJ #resist #notmypresident  Karen Miraz (@KMMiraz) February 7, 2017Spelling matters when you re a so-called President. https://t.co/wjMoOUOivr #huffpo #SoCalledPresident #arsonist #spelling  Kiki (@kikibeach) February 7, 2017 Alternative spelling  https://t.co/ycbywMYLq6  new year new meme (@B_Julian93) February 7, 2017While ultimately, spelling, even spelling that s this atrocious, doesn t really matter, it does show something very dangerous about the Trump White House. Attention to detail is important when crafting laws or executive orders or when speaking with foreign leaders. We get that the supposed billionaire who sits on 14 carat gold toilets ran as an every man, and let s face it, Americans are notoriously illiterate, but if Trump has this same inattention to detail in his businesses, it s no wonder he s gone bankrupt four times. As for our country, the world is both laughing and weeping   the latter because Trump has the keys to the nuclear arsenal.Read more:Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
2640," Trump Attacks President Obama For Trying To Make Peace With Iran, Denies He Is Putin’s Puppet","Donald Trump is once again whining about the media investigating his ties to Russia, and attacked President Obama in the process.Despite having extensive business ties in Russia and connections to Vladimir Putin, whom he admires, Trump claimed in a Tuesday morning Twitter tantrum that he doesn t know the Russian tyrant nor does he have any deals there. And Trump appeared to try and excuse any deals he may have by attacking President Obama for making a diplomatic deal with Iran.I don t know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy   yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1 in terror, no problem!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 7, 2017First of all, Trump has plenty of business and financial ties to Russia.According to Time,[F]or all of his denials of Russian ties lately, Trump has boasted in the past of his many meetings with Russian oligarchs. During one trip to Moscow, Trump bragged that they all showed up to meet him to discuss projects around the globe.  Almost all of the oligarchs were in the room  just to meet with him, Trump said at the time.And when Trump built a tower in Panama, his clients were wealthy Russians, the Washington Post reported.  Russians make up a pretty disproportionate cross-section of a lot of our assets. We see a lot of money pouring in from Russia,  Trump s son, Donald Jr., said at a real estate conference in 2008.Trump has also borrowed a lot of money from Russian financial institutions over the years because American banks see him as too much of a risk due to his many bankruptcies.And second, President Obama s deal with Iran was not a business deal or one that President Obama personally profits from. It s a diplomatic deal reached to reduce Iran s nuclear program. In other words, President Obama was doing his job to keep Americans safe, unlike Trump, who has escalated tensions between the United States and Iran along with China since taking office more than two weeks ago.What s truly amazing is that Trump is still whining about being outed for his ties to Russia and Putin. And the fact that he would use President Obama s deal with Iran to justify his personal business deals in Russia is pathetic.And Twitter wiped the floor with him.@realDonaldTrump You mean Americans?  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 7, 2017Trump talks about his relationship with Putin back in 2013 ? #Confused #1in pic.twitter.com/nDdzldE1gf  AJ Joshi (@AJ) February 7, 2017@realDonaldTrump get told he is a killer and you shrug. Get told the New York Times wrote something bad and you break the internet.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) February 7, 2017@realDonaldTrump, we re upset because you continue to praise and desire a closeness w/ authoritarian leaders while pushing our allies away.  Joseph Amodeo (@josephamodeo) February 7, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/HKojCMibKz  The Socialist Party (@OfficialSPGB) February 7, 2017@realDonaldTrump you had a nearly hour long phone call with Putin a little over a week ago. What are you even talking about anymore?  Alex Zalben (@azalben) February 7, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Honey I know you just want people to like you the way they liked the birth certificate man, but lying isn t the way.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) February 7, 2017Read more:Featured image of Donald Trump by Joe Raedle/Getty Images. Vladimir Putin by Thierry Chesnot/Getty Images",0
2641, GOP Rep. Wants You to ‘Look At All The Good’ That Came From The Charleston Massacre (VIDEO),"According to GOP Congressman Sean Duffy, we need to stop talking about terrorist acts committed by white people in the United States and hop on board the Trump Train. During an interview Tuesday morning with CBB s Alisyn Camerota, Duffy completely lost it when asked why the Trump administration seems determined to ignore any and all terrorist acts committed by white people as they focus on banning entry from seven countries that have not produced a deadly terrorist attack within our borders since 9/11. You don t have a group like ISIS or Al Qaeda that s inspiring people around the world to kill innocents,  Duffy said when confronted with white terrorist attacks like the recent mosque massacre in Canada.  That was a one-off.  Pretending that the attack in Canada is the only recent example of a white extremist slaughtering innocents, Duffy continued harping about ISIS. How about the Charleston church shooting, Congressman?  Camerota asked.  He was a white extremist. That doesn t matter?  At this point, things got crazy. Duffy explained that the Charleston massacre matters, but only because because  good things  came from it: It does matter. It does matter. Look at the good things that came from it. Nikki Haley took down the Confederate flag. That was great! Naturally, he didn t mention the numerous African-Americans who were killed, or that the white supremacist who murdered all those people followed the same ideology as he does. This sort of statement is crazy and insulting to the victims and their families and the Congressman s response makes him look awful, but he only managed to get crazier when he claimed that former Congresswoman Gabby Giffords, who is quite alive, is dead: Look at Gabby Giffords, the Marxist who took her life, a leftist guy, and now you see violence and terror in the streets all across America. Watch the interview below:But what about white terrorism, the CNN reporter asks this Congressman. & his response is exactly the problem. https://t.co/orG1grV3HY  deray mckesson (@deray) February 7, 2017Read more:Featured image via screengrab",0
2642, Hillary Just Joined #TheResistance In BRILLIANT Video Without Even Mentioning Trump,"It s no secret that Hillary Clinton is deeply concerned about what Donald Trump is doing to America. However, as a former major party presidential candidate, she cannot openly and directly criticize him or his administration without looking like a sore loser. That, however, has not stopped the former Democratic presidential nominee from openly signalling that she is opposed to Trump and his policies. In fact, in a recent video, Hillary championed women more loudly than before, praised the Women s Marches around the nation and world. She also made a bold and direct declaration:  The Future is Female. The video was made for the 2017 Makers Conference. Hillary said in her videotaped speech: We need strong women to step up and speak out. Just look at the amazing energy we saw last month as women organised a march that galvanized millions of people in our country and across the world. Now more than ever we need to stay focused on the theme of this year s conference: Be Bold. She ended with an uplifting and inspiring message for women and girls everywhere, as well as other vulnerable communities, who may be worried about their futures under the tyranny of the Trump White House: So please, set an example for every women and girl out there who s worried about what the future holds and wonders whether our rights, opportunities and values will endure. And remember, you are the heroes and history makers, the glass ceiling breakers on the future. Hillary is right. This is why #TheResistance is so important. Trump is a threat to our future, but it is the responsibility of the people to be the guardians of our own democracy. Listen to Hillary   we are the future. Trump is one man, and he doesn t represent us.Watch the brilliant video below: Yes, the future is female.   @HillaryClinton. The 2017 #MAKERS Conference is LIVE now!: https://t.co/zzSG90pbF6 #BEBOLD pic.twitter.com/w9xYU1B302  MAKERS (@MAKERSwomen) February 7, 2017Read more:Featured image via Mark Makela/Getty Images",0
2643, Great Britain’s Government Just Issued An EPIC F**K You To Trump (DETAILS),"Donald Trump is scheduled to make his first state visit to Britain later this year. Since the United Kingdom is one of America s closest and oldest allies, the utmost diplomacy and courtesy is usually afforded when either leader visits the other. That will not be the case during the Trump era, though, if UK House of Commons Speaker John Bercow has anything to say about it. Citing Trump s  racism  and  sexism,  Bercow says that he is against allowing Trump to address the UK s Members of Parliament (MP s).Bercow says that speaking before the distinguished body  is not an automatic right, it is an earned honour.  Many MP s were elated at Bercow s move, while others were irritated and worried that he might be straining relations with an ally that the UK needs in his proposed treatment of Trump. Bercow said of his decision: After the imposition of the migrant ban by President Trump I am even more strongly opposed to an address by President Trump in Westminster Hall. I would not wish to issue an invitation to President Trump. Bercow then added passionately: I feel very strongly that our opposition to racism and to sexism and our support for equality before the law and an independent judiciary are hugely important considerations in the House of Commons. Labour Party MP Stephen Daughtry offered high praise for Bercow s extraordinary statement: I am delighted that the Speaker has listened to members from across the house regarding our deep concerns that Donald Trump not be honoured with an address in Westminster Hall or elsewhere in the Palace of Westminster, after his comments and actions on women, torture, refugees and the judiciary. Another Labour Party MP, Yvette Cooper, said that Trump has been  continuing his assault on the democratic values that the British Parliament holds dear. This really should come as no surprise, because during the election cycle, the entire British Parliament spent more than three hours excoriating Trump. He was called  crazy,  a  buffoon, a fool,   bonkers,   dangerous,  and more. Regardless of party, the entire House of Commons were in agreement in their contempt for then-candidate Trump. Here is a highlight reel, courtesy of the Washington Post, on that debate:All in all, Trump is ruining relationships for America, likely for years to come, just because of his repugnant personal characteristics. Good on House Speaker Bercow for putting principle above niceties. Hopefully, people continue to support this move. In the meantime, let s hope our allies don t judge all Americans by the actions of one unhinged, illegitimate leader.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2644, BUSTED: Melania Trump Wanted To Use Her Role As First Lady To Personally Profit,"This is unseemly behavior by a First Lady and it s totally unconstitutional.Donald Trump s wife is throwing a hissy fit because she has allegedly been prevented from personally profiting off being First Lady because of a story alleging that she worked as an escort.Melania Trump filed a seeking $150 million from The Daily Mail, and her attorneys actually admitted that she had hoped to enrich herself and her family by turning the role of First Lady into a sales pitch for her shitty product lines.According to the lawsuit filed in the Manhattan Supreme Court by lawyer Charles Harder, Mail Online s conduct was extreme and outrageous in falsely making the scurrilous charge that the future First Lady of the United States worked as a prostitute. Plaintiff had the unique, once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, as an extremely famous and well-known person to launch a broad-based commercial brand in multiple product categories, each of which could have garnered multi-million dollar business relationships for a multi-year term during which plaintiff is one of the most photographed women in the world.These product categories would have included, among other things, apparel, accessories, shoes, jewelry, cosmetics, hair care, skin care and fragrance.The [statements] also constitute defamation per se because they impugned on her fitness to perform her duties as First Lady of the United States. Seriously.Melania Trump literally hoped she could disgrace the role of First Lady by using it to enrich herself.There s just one huge problem.As Raw Story points out, using a government position to personally profit is a violation of the Constitution.It s also sleazy and greedy.The First Lady is supposed to do things to help others, not herself. The Trumps are already filthy rich and they get paid a salary every year as compensation for being in public office. If the Trumps really only sought the presidency in some sort of scheme to enrich themselves, they should leave the office in disgrace before they are impeached or sentenced to prison like former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell and his wife, who also tried to use public office to personally profit. Voters and taxpayers did not send Trump to the White House to work for himself and his bank account. They sent him there to work for the American people. And Melania Trump is turning out to be an embarrassment as First Lady just as much as her husband is an embarrassment as president.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2645, WATCH: Anderson Cooper Wipes The Floor With Trump’s Lies About Coverage Of Terrorist Attacks,"Donald Trump accused the media of covering up terrorist attacks and promptly got his ass handed to him by Anderson Cooper on CNN.On Monday during remarks to U.S. Central Command, Trump claimed that terrorist attacks are happening all over Europe all the time but the media is allegedly not reporting on them just to keep Americans in the dark. All over Europe it s happening,  Trump said.  It s gotten to a point where it s not even being reported. And in many cases, the very, very dishonest press doesn t want to report it. They have their reasons and you understand that. However, when Trump released a list of terrorist attacks that the media has supposedly ignored, news agencies everywhere laughed.The list of 78 attacks includes those that occurred in San Bernardino, Paris, Orlando, and Nice, just to name a few. The problem is that the media covered these attacks thoroughly on a daily basis for quite some time. And there is video tape to prove it.During his show on Monday night, Cooper played a montage of himself covering many of these attacks and he blasted Trump for lying. Not only did we cover many of the attacks on that list, we covered them heavily. I know, because I was on the ground reporting a number of them. CNN was on the ground in Ottawa, Canada, when a gunman killed someone at the tomb of the unknown soldier. I was in Orlando, I flew there right after the news broke. December 2015, that was on the list, San Bernardino. I was there, 14 people killed and 21 wounded in coordinated attacks. This was just a month after I reported on the carnage in Paris, where terrorists killed 130 people and wounded many others. To be sure, this program did not cover each and every incident on the list, however other programs, as well as CNN International, covered most if not all of them, most of them exhaustively. Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump has told lie after lie after lie since taking over the White House and his attacks against the media are childish. There is literally thousands of hours of video of news reporters and anchors covering all of the attacks Trump put on the list. At this point, the media really should take action against Trump. His attacks constitute slander and the media definitely has a strong case.Trump is trying to hype up terrorist attacks in order to scare Americans into supporting his unconstitutional Muslim ban. And he is trying to make it sound like the media is helping the terrorists. If anyone is helping terrorists it s Donald Trump. His Muslim ban is literally being used as propaganda by terrorist organizations as a recruiting tool. He should be ashamed of himself, and if and when a terrorist attack does occur against this country, Trump will be to blame.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
2646, Twitter Has The ULTIMATE Way For SNL To Get Under Trump’s Skin; It Involves ROSIE O’DONNELL,"It s no secret to anyone not living under a rock that there is no love lost between Donald Trump and Rosie O Donnell. It s also no secret that Alec Baldwin s brutal and spot-on mockery of Trump on Saturday Night Live is really getting under Trump s skin, and has been for some time now. However, the ultimate blow came this past Saturday night, when SNL featured a surprise appearance by actress Melissa McCarthy as Trump s bumbling, lying, combative press secretary Sean Spicer. The portrayal stole the show and went viral.While Trump has yet to tweet about it, the word on the street is that what bothered him the most about SNL s treatment of Spicer wasn t the mockery itself, but rather that Spicer was portrayed by a woman. To Trump, that equals making his press secretary look weak.Given this perfect storm of facts sure to be causing the notoriously thin-skinned president wannabe to seethe, Trump s own favorite social media platform, Twitter, has come up with a BRILLIANT way to have SNL finally make Trump REALLY blow his stack: Have Rosie O Donnell portray either Trump himself or   even better   top Trump political strategist Steve Bannon.Bannon is the former head of the white supremacist website Breitbart News, and is clearly the one who is in Trump s ear and pulling the strings behind the scenes. To have him portrayed by the woman Trump hates most in the world would be EPIC. Here are just a few tweets on this subject:I'm begging you @SNL   please get Rosie O'Donnell to play ""President Bannon"" over #BLOTUS. He'll melt like the Wicked Witch! #TheResistance pic.twitter.com/DhaZuvgtvH  Captain Janeway (@CaptJaneway2017) February 7, 2017SNL it's time. Cast Rosie O'Donnell as Bannon, the world needs this. We will never ask for another thing again. pic.twitter.com/54jj62ZFni  Shop Politics (@Shop_Politics) February 7, 2017Know what I would love? If SNL would replace Alec Baldwin with Rosie O'Donnell in all of their Trump sketches  Evan Peterson (@evan_up) February 7, 2017America, I promise you: nothing will get Steve Bannon out of the White House faster than Rosie O'Donnell playing  https://t.co/YpehUKqDgG  ((( Glenn Hauman ))) (@GlennHauman) February 7, 2017@DaveKingThing @JuddApatow SNL should have Trump in gimp suit with Rosie O'Donnell as Steve Bannon holding leash. Hit him where it hurts.  Matthew Lee Myers (@themattylee) February 7, 2017Nothing against Alec Baldwin, he's been doing a great job. But imagine the steam shooting out of Trump's ears if Rosie O'Donnell plays him.  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) February 7, 2017Rosie O'Donnell as Steve Bannon on @nbcsnl would be INCREDIBLE.  B (@BrianCHarnick) February 7, 2017Apparently, O Donnell herself is game as well:Rosie O'Donnell has already said yes. Now the ball's in SNL's court. @SNL https://t.co/zbiv0oGDFW  emigre80 (@emigre80) February 7, 2017EW: Rosie O'Donnell nominated herself to play Donald Trump s controversial chief strategist on #SNL. https://t.co/FAeacsuO7R  Jack Merphy (@ProfInvproduct) February 7, 2017And that s just for starters, for the trend just started as of this writing. Keep it up, Twitter. If Rosie plays either Trump OR Bannon, the real Trump s head just might LITERALLY explode.Featured image via Frederick M. Brown/Getty Images (Trump)/Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic, Inc (O Donnell)",0
2647," Trump’s List Of ‘Unreported’ Terror Attacks Is Out, And It’s ABSURD (CITATIONS)","Earlier today, Trump said to a crowd at MacDill Air Force Base that the  very dishonest media  wasn t reporting on the terror attacks that are happening all across Europe all the time. Later on, the media pressed Sean Spicer on that topic while aboard Air Force One, and Spicer s response was to say that they d provide a list  later on.  Well, that list is out, and surprise surprise, it s completely ridiculous.Since Trump s comments focused on Europe and, by extension, the U.S., the following lists are focused there, despite many, many other attacks happening around the world.Perhaps one of the most ridiculous things about the White House s list of attacks is that it includes high-profile attacks that were covered for days on end, such as the 2015 attack against Charlie Hebdo in Paris, and the fateful attack at a Paris club in November. It also includes two foiled attacks that were also widely reported. Broken down:They also list several attacks in France in 2016 that were covered extensively.Then they list an attack in London in December 2015 that was covered by CNN, Reuters, The Huffington Post, USA Today, and more.There s one in Copenhagen, Denmark in February of 2015 that was covered by CNN, The New York Times, USA Today, The Huffington Post, Reuters, and more.Most of us probably remember the March 2016 attack in Brussels, Belgium, which was covered by CNN, NPR, The New York Times, CBS News, NBC News, USA Today, ABC News, and more.But that s Europe. What about the attacks they list here in the U.S. that supposedly weren t covered, or weren t covered extensively enough? Like the following:Really? So far we ve looked closely at 18 of the attacks listed, and they were all widely covered by U.S. media. Trump and his minions insist that we re not covering attacks in Europe hardly at all, and then they provide a list with 30 attacks that are in the Middle East, parts of Asia, and in Indonesia and the Philippines.Those attacks are terrible and tragic, too, but again, Trump didn t say anything about us not covering attacks in those regions. He probably didn t even think about those regions until whoever it was that compiled that list gave it to him (if they gave it to him).But the biggest falsehood is that the media isn t reporting, or is underreporting, on these attacks. It s like they hurriedly compiled a list of terror attacks worldwide from Wikipedia and couldn t be bothered to proofread, let alone research. There are spelling errors in addition to the lie that the media covers up attacks. Our dishonest  president,  has a lot of nerve accusing the media of actively covering up terrorist attacks.The full list, as provided to CNN, is below. Feel free to Google whatever you want:Here s the list the White House sent of attacks they feel  did not receive adequate attention from Western media sources.  pic.twitter.com/lj8eOZQfnY  Kevin Liptak (@Kevinliptakcnn) February 7, 2017Read more:Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2648, Sean Spicer: Donald Trump Does Not Own A Bathrobe (IMAGES),"White House press secretary of Alternative Facts Sean Spicer tried to attack the New York Times over an article detailing disorder in the West Wing over the executive order banning seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the U.S. That report details that Trump watches TV in his bathrobe. So naturally, Spicey said the report was inaccurate despite there being several pictures of Trump in a bathrobe which have circulated for quite awhile now. Spicer thinks the New York Times should apologize to the fake president about the bathrobes comment, because feelings. That story was so riddled with inaccuracies and lies that they owe the President an apology for the way that thing was written,  he told reporters aboard Air Force One, according to CNN.  There were literally blatant factual errors, and it s unacceptable to see that kind of reporting. Oh, lookie here s another pic of Trump in a bathrobe which he totally doesn t wear:One detail really irked Spice. I don t think the President wears a bathrobe, and definitely doesn t own one,  he said. We re not sure how Spicer knows if Trump wears a bathrobe or not, but we can speculate.The New York Times reported that when  Trump is not watching television in his bathrobe or on his phone reaching out to old campaign hands and advisers, he will sometimes set off to explore the unfamiliar surroundings of his new home. And if this is true, it s even worse for the Crybaby-in-Chief:Spicer also said Trump was fully aware of what his executive orders contain, including one about restructuring the National Security Counsel. The President is clearly aware of the policies that come out of the White House with his name on it,  Spicer declared.Twitter being Twitter, just after Spicer s comments, several Twitter users circulated images of Trump wearing a bathrobe.Spicer: Trump doesn t own a bathrobe / Must be those #AlternativeFacts eh @PressSec ? https://t.co/2IcjViqbWY pic.twitter.com/v0pYLbKhej  4q2 (@ForQ2) February 6, 2017 Sup @POTUS! Picturing you writing this tweet in your bathrobe & crackin  up! Did your boss Bannon yell at U for this? Haha #hitmeback pic.twitter.com/t6LRfk0vDm  Danny Zuker (@DannyZuker) February 6, 2017Also, too, the Twitter account @POTUSBathrobe suddenly appeared. Just like that.Yes, I ve been to Russia .that s all I have to say about that.  POTUS  Bathrobe (@POTUSBathrobe) February 6, 2017Team Trump doesn t want you to believe what you ve seen with your own eyes. By the way, there are quite a few pictures of Trump wearing a bathrobe which Spicer will probably tell you is  fake news. Read more:Images: circulating all over Twitter. ",0
2649," WATCH: Dem Rep. Just BRAZENLY Called Out Trump’s Immaturity, And It’s Simply AMAZING","Democrats are more pissed off with Trump s behavior than Republicans, because Republicans apparently feel they need to march in lockstep with the president when the president is a Republican. Trump s behavior on Twitter, even though he s taken office and is supposed to be acting presidential, is abominable, and some members of Congress are sick of sugarcoating it.Rep. Kathleen Rice spoke to Wolf Blitzer on CNN, where she blasted Trump and his immaturity, and his inability to let personal slights go. She actually told Blitzer that his behavior was worse than juvenile: It s juvenile. It s actually an insult to actual juveniles to say that it s juvenile   I don t even know what category to put this in. Yep, a U.S. Representative went on national cable news to say that Trump is so immature it s insulting to kids to say so. And she s right   he went on a tear against Judge James Robart, the U.S. district judge who blocked Trump s Muslim ban, and even told his followers to blame Robart if something happens, because the decision means that anyone and everyone can just enter the country on a whim.He s repeatedly blasted The New York Times as being fake news (same with CNN). He blasts Saturday Night Live because they make fun of him (who don t they make fun of?). He couldn t let reports that his inauguration numbers were less-than stellar go for nearly two weeks. And the list goes on, and on, and on, ad infinitum and ad nauseam. He can t let anything go, and Rice touched on that, too, when she said: And I m hoping that he stops with the name-calling and the attacking every time someone says   if it s a poll he doesn t like, if it s a comment that he doesn t like, if it s a court decision he doesn t like   that s part of life. Exactly. It s part of life and it s a big part of life when you re a public figure, particularly a public political figure. The fact that she felt she had basically had no words for the level of immaturity Trump shows, and was willing to say so on national television, is very telling. Watch her full comments below:Rep. Kathleen Rice on Trump s name-calling:  There s a certain amount of decorum that we expect from our president  https://t.co/uh6WIwKPa1  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) February 6, 2017Read more:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
2650," CNN Just Went After Trump For His Latest Meltdown, And It Was Unbelievably BRILLIANT (VIDEO)","Donald Trump has been on an insane Twitter rampage lately, and it s been beyond terrifying for everyone watching. Trump has not only been crying about fake news and the opposition of his disgusting Muslim ban, but his narcissism is clearly out of control.Throughout his transition and beginning weeks of his presidency, Trump has made CNN a target because the news outlet dared to hold his team accountable, and the network just hit back at Trump again. Just days after turning down an interview with Kellyanne Conway because she lacked credibility, CNN s Jake Tapper nailed Trump for his recent tweets and made an absolute mockery of the most undeserving POTUS we ve ever had.Tapper comically said that Trump s tweets are windows into his soul,  right before rattling off several disturbing tweets that Trump had posted recently. The tweets jumped from criticism of the federal judge who blocked his Muslim ban to fake news to negative polls. Throughout the clip, Tapper tries to translate Trump s Twitter babble.Taking on the tweet that said  any negative polls are fake news , Tapper said: Got that. Any polling suggesting anything negative about the president or his policies is not, in his view, real. Tapper also attacked Trump for his comments about the judge that stopped his inhumane Muslim ban, and for spreading inaccurate information about legitimate polls: To sum up, if a judge rules against the president he is a so-called judge. If a poll shows the majority of you disagrees with his policies, the poll is fake. If a well-sourced news story reflects something unflattering about him, that story is fake. Tapper then commented that Trump believes  two fundamental pillars of our democracy  are  not legitimate  if it doesn t work in his favor. Then Tapper asked, Okay. What about a known geopolitical foe of the United States like, say, I don t know, Russian President Vladimir Putin? In the most surprising footage in the clip, Tapper played Trump s disastrous interview with Fox News  Bill O Reilly where Trump praised and defended Russian leader Vladimir Putin and called Americans  killers.  Tapper said what we were all thinking: Whoa! So as long as we all know where we stand, I suppose. Watch Tapper remind Trump that CNN isn t backing down below:Read more:Featured image via screenshot and Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2651," While You Were Distracted, Republicans Gutted Workers’ Rights In Yet Another State (DETAILS)","On Monday, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens signed legislation making Missouri the latest  right-to-work  state. Republican governors have done this in order to break into the last remaining strongholds of the labor unions. Gov. Scott Walker (R-WI) started this trend with conservatives. He gutted collective bargaining rights which ended big pay increases for most public workers. His move also required them to pay more for health care and pension benefits. That move set off a wave of protests in the state.Trump will be very giddy about this:Legislation advancing in the New Hampshire capital, if approved, would make the state the first in the Northeast to go  right-to-work.  The measure, which bars unions from forcing employees to join or pay dues, is set for a vote in the state s House next week   after having passed the Senate.The push is the latest sign of labor unions  diminishing clout, and how Republican gains at the state level are having a broad impact on policy, amid support for such legislation from the Trump White House.On Twitter, the Missouri Governor said:Today, I signed Right to Work. This is about more jobs   Missourians are ready to work, and now our state is open for business! pic.twitter.com/xM4zY71RH1  Eric Greitens (@EricGreitens) February 6, 2017State Republican Rep. Stephen Schmidt, chairman of the House labor committee, explained that there are some Republicans who are not supporting the right-to-work bill. Schmidt said he backs the bill but isn t sure it will pass. I believe it will be a very tight vote one way or another,  he said. This bill will silence the teachers who advocate on behalf of smaller class sizes for our children, the transportation employees who negotiate for the equipment they need to keep the roads clear after a blizzard and the police and firefighters who negotiate for the staffing levels they need to keep us safe,  the New Hampshire AFL-CIO union branch said. Its end goal is to destroy unions. Numbers don t lie, AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said. Workers in states with right to work laws have wages that are 12 percent lower. That s because unions raise wages for all workers, not just our members. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said last week that alleged president Donald Trump supports the right-to-work efforts in New Hampshire and other states. The president believes in right to work. He wants to give workers and companies the flexibility to do what s in the best interest for job creators,  Spicer said.Right-to-work legislation has historically failed in New Hampshire but now with a Republican governor and legislature, it might become a reality.Read more:Image: Dave Ingraham via Flickr.",0
2652," This Move By President Obama Completely HUMILIATED Trump, Clearly Shows Who The Better Man Is","The next time any flag waving, faux-patriotic Republican tells you President Obama didn t care about the troops, veterans, or the welfare of the American public, tell them that he donated over $1 million to various charitable causes. Then ask them how braggadocios he was about it.That s right, President Obama, during his time in office, not only saved the country from economic collapse, but used his own money to help his fellow countrymen. According to a Forbes analysis of his tax returns from 2009 to 2015, 54 percent of all donations went to various organizations that help children.However, the biggest recipient of President Obama s generosity was the Fisher House Foundation, which is tasked with supporting the families of veterans. This organization received over $390,000 over the course of Obama s eight years in office. This donation s were given on behalf of the royalties President Obama accumulated from his children s book, Of Thee I Sing.According to Forbes:He gave away $190,000 more to children s causes, including $48,000 to Boys & Girls Clubs. He also gave away $19,500 to the Mosaic Youth Theatre of Detroit. Another $13,500 went to the Christopher House, a Chicago-based group that supports poor working families. Even after he moved to Washington, Obama remained loyal to his Chicago roots. He poured $11,500 into the Midtown Educational Foundation, which offers enrichment programs to poor urban youth in the Windy City, and he gave $20,500 to two groups fighting hunger in Illinois  The $1.1 million of donations Obama declared on his tax returns also do not include the $1.4 million he directed the Nobel Committee to give 10 charities after he won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2009. The biggest recipient of those funds was, again, the Fisher House Foundation, which got $250,000. Another $200,000 went to the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund, and most of the rest went to various scholarship funds.Remember when Republicans made fun of President Obama for being a community organizer and working to make Chicago a better place? Even when busy running the free-world, he never turned his back on where he came from or the people who put him where he is. That s a class act.Perhaps the most telling was how the president doled out his own money in the face of heartbreaking national tragedies. The Forbes analysis shows that President Obama gave $2,000 to a fund for families and victims affected by the Boston bombing in 2013. That same year, he gave $2,000 to the Sandy Hook Promise Foundation. Remember when conservatives mocked him for crying over these tragedies?While president, Obama made over $10 million, with a majority (75 percent) of that coming from book royalties. That means President Obama gave 11 percent of his earnings to charity.Contrast that to Donald Trump   who is worth $4.5 billion. Because Donald Trump refuses to release his taxes, it is not know just how much he gives to charity. According to Forbes:Filings for the Donald J. Trump Foundation reveal that he gave $0 to his own charitable foundation from 2009 to 2014, the most recent year on record. (He donated $2.8 million from 2001 to 2008.) After he stopped giving in 2009, other donors gave $4.4 million to the Trump foundation over the next six years, which Trump in turn doled out to various groups, apparently fooling some recipients into thinking the money came from him.Yeah Donald Trump cares, and Obama is the heartless elitist. Sure. Whatever you say.I would love to see how much Rush Limbaugh, Ann Coulter, Sean Hannity, Bill O Reilly, Tomi Lahren and the other conservative frauds have given to the troops and their families.Simply put, President Obama was and still is a generous, compassionate, loving human being. He truly loves this country and the people who make it great. The haters are all talk, no action   all while collecting a paycheck while faking support.Read more:Featured image via Darren Hauck/Getty Images",0
2653, California May Stop Paying Taxes To Federal Government After Trump Threatens To Defund The State (DETAILS),"In a recent interview with Fox News, Trump said that California is  out of control  for advancing legislation to provide statewide sanctuary for immigrants and keep law enforcement from cooperating with federal authorities in enforcing Trump s many anti-immigrant measures. Trump told Fox that he will take away every penny that California receives from the federal government.The state of California has one of the ten largest economies in the world. Not only is it a giant among states, competing with the economies of some of the most affluent countries worldwide, but it is one of the few states that pays more into the federal Treasury than it receives in government funding. It would be a huge mistake to put the state of California in a position that legislators may decide to stop paying taxes altogether, but Donald Trump seems determined to do just that because, well, he s an idiot. If we have to, we ll defund,  he said.  We give tremendous amounts of money to California. Thanks to the state s liberal policies, California has outpaced the rest of the nation on job growth and had a gross state product of 2.46 trillion in 2015, placing it sixth behind the United Kingdom in world economies (ranked by Gross Domestic Product) and 11th in the world ranked by cost of living.In other words, California would be fine without the federal money it receives if the state stopped paying taxes to the federal government. Officials are currently looking into doing exactly that if Trump follows through on his threat to take federal funding from the state. California could very well become an organized non-payer,  if Trump follows through on threats to punish cities and states that do not comply with requests to turn over Jews undocumented immigrants to Trump s goons, a former speaker of the state Assembly told KPIX 5 on Sunday.  They could recommend non-compliance with the federal tax code. I don t want to defund the state or city, I don t want to defund anybody, I want to give them the money they need to properly operate a city or a state,  Trump says, but  if they re going to have sanctuary cities we may have to do that   certainly that would be a weapon. Ir would be a weapon, but the federal government needs California s money more than the state needs funding from the government. This fact alone is enough to virtually assure that lawmakers will choose to defund Trump rather than violate their conscience and hand over people Trump has deemed  undesirable. Looks like Trump s threat has been called. It s time to find out if he is really stupid enough to try this kind of stunt.Read more:Featured image via Getty Images (Drew Angerer)",0
2654, WATCH: Senate Dems Hold 24-Hour Debate Marathon As Last Stand Against DeVos Confirmation,"Senate Democrats had one last, huge move planned to stop Betsy DeVos from being confirmed as Education secretary   an all-night debate marathon on the Senate floor. Their ultimate goal? To convince at least one more Republican senator to vote against her and thus stop her confirmation in its tracks.Politico reports that what they referred to as a  Hail Mary  move was already underway as of Monday afternoon, and is scheduled to continue until noon today. As of now, Tuesday s vote is expected to be a 50-50 tie with Vice President Mike Pence casting the tie-breaking vote in favor of DeVos. This would be another first, as never before has a tie-breaker been needed for a Cabinet secretary to be confirmed.To be clear, the 24-hour marathon is not a filibuster, which is meant to postpone a vote. The goal here is to sway just one more Republican to cast their vote against DeVos, as this would be enough to keep her from being confirmed.GOP senators have been inundated with tens of thousands of phone calls and emails from constituents begging them not to vote for DeVos, who doesn t have a clue what the hell the Secretary of Education is even supposed to do. (For reference, this is the woman who thinks schools need guns in case of grizzly bear attacks. Insert eye-twitch here.)Democrats have been unanimous in their opposition to DeVos. Patty Murray, the ranking Democrat on the Senate Health, Labor, Education and Pensions Committee, promised that Dems would do  everything we can to persuade just one more Republican to join us, and I strongly encourage people across the country to join us   to double down on your advocacy   and to keep making your voices heard for these last 24 hours. Two Republicans have already broken rank with the GOP on the issue of DeVos  confirmation. Susan Collins of Maine and Lisa Murkoswki of Alaska have already announced that they will not support her for Secretary of Education and intend to vote  no  on her confirmation. Other Republicans have let it be known that they are still on the fence. Those opposed to DeVos have been holding rallies in the home states of several lawmakers they are targeting specifically, including Sens. Deb Fischer (R-Neb.), Cory Gardner (R-Colo.), Shelley Moore Capito (R-W.Va.), and Jerry Moran (R-Kan.). You can watch the debate marathon live, here: Or here:Read more:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2655, WATCH: Trump Literally Accuses The Media Of Covering Up Terrorist Attacks,"Donald Trump has definitely gone off the deep end this time.Whenever a terrorist attack has occurred in this country or overseas, the media has been quick to report on it. From the attacks on 9/11 in New York, to those in Nice and Paris in France and elsewhere, the media has always kept us informed when an attack happens.Donald Trump, however, thinks terrorist attacks are happening every minute of the day and in an effort to scare people and justify his policies, such as his Muslim ban, Trump literally accused the media of covering up terrorist attacks in Europe. All over Europe it s happening,  Trump said during remarks to U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM) on Monday.  It s gotten to a point where it s not even being reported. And in many cases the very, very dishonest press doesn t want to report it. They have their reasons and you understand that. Here s the video via Twitter.Trump says terror so bad  it s not even being reported. And in many cases the very, very dishonest press doesn t want to report it.  (1/2) pic.twitter.com/PUAIW9ied1  Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) February 6, 2017This is a complete lie and the American people ought to be totally outraged by the accusation. In no way has the media ever ignored a terrorist attack in Europe. As we have personally witnessed over the last few years, the media has provided extensive coverage of attacks that occurred in Paris, Nice, and Brussels in Europe along with attacks that occurred outside of Europe in Beirut and Ankara.Trump s accusation is irresponsible and plain untrue and he is doing it as a way to gain support for his unconstitutional Muslim ban.Earlier in his remarks, Trump once again spewed delusions about the election, bragging about how the numbers prove that everyone likes him even though he lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes to Hillary Clinton. We had a wonderful election, didn t we?  Trump began.  And I saw those numbers   and you like me and I like you. Here s that video via Twitter.Trump begins CENTCOM remarks by saying:  We had a wonderful election, didn t we? And I saw those numbers   and you like me and I like you  pic.twitter.com/Xh8Rqfmyal  Steve Kopack (@SteveKopack) February 6, 2017It s time for the press to start punishing Trump. Media networks should no longer allow Trump surrogates to appear on television because it is clear that they are not telling the truth and are only there to spread misinformation and propaganda.CNN recently refused to have Kellyanne Conway on their programming because she has zero credibility. Every single network should follow their lead.The accusation that the press intentionally covers up terrorist attacks is outrageous and should draw a sharp rebuke and condemnation from media networks all over the world. Donald Trump is literally saying that Europe is plagued by terrorist attacks. It s the same thing as Kellyanne Conway citing a non-existent terrorist attack in Bowling Green, Kentucky. Trump and Conway are making shit up to defend the administration s bigoted agenda and they cannot be allowed to get away with it.Read more:Featured image via screenshot",0
2656, WATCH: General BOMBARDS Trump For The ‘Most Anti-American Statement Ever Made By A President’ (DETAILS),"As you may already know, Trump recently shocked the nation when he went on Fox News and told Bill O Reilly that the United States is just as bad as Russia. He s been roundly denounced for what is impossible to characterize as anything other than an incredibly ignorant, asinine comment   including by his own party.Retired General McCaffrey may have put it better than anyone in a recent interview with NBC s Hallie Jackson, however. You know, Hallie, I m actually incredulous that the president would make a statement like that,  he said,  One can argue that s the most anti-American statement ever made by the President of the United States   to confuse American values with Putin, who s running a criminal oligarchy, who kills people abroad and at home, who imprisons journalists, and takes away business property, who shares it with his former KGB agents, who invades and seizes Crimea and eastern Ukraine   this is an astonishing state of affairs. It s hard to know what to think about it. Here s the video: WATCH: Gen. McCaffrey:  One can argue that s the most anti-American statement ever made by the president of the United States.  pic.twitter.com/JFpdncvsVV  NBC Nightly News (@NBCNightlyNews) February 6, 2017Donald Trump s friendliness toward Russia has been a staple of his campaign, and since he entered office, his policies. With so much evidence that Russia is not our friend, it s pretty obvious he either has major business interests in Russia and money to be made, or the Kremlin has something over him. Perhaps both.Read more:Featured image via screenshot",0
2657, The World Is Laughing At Conservatives For Their Hilariously Misspelled Budweiser Boycott (TWEETS),"Trump supporters became  triggered  after Budweiser s Super Bowl ad that told the story of co-founder Adolphus Busch s journey from Germany to the United States as a legal immigrant. After finding out that immigrants are responsible for their favorite wife-beatin  fuel, the Right flew into a frenzy and began yet another in a long string of successful (for the targeted companies) string of boycotts.Very quickly, #BoycottBudwiser was trending as Trump s  uneducated  followers unleashed their ( there? ) rage against the company:#boycottbudwiser Budwiser owned by Brazilian company. Nothing 'USA' about them. Moth-balled the Clydesdales. Sad!! ????????  Alison for Trump (@Alison4Trump) February 6, 2017I have never drank Budwiser in my lifetime, nor do I ever plan to drink Budwiser as long as I live. #BoycottBudwiser  Levi Flaman (@LeviFlaman) February 6, 2017Dumbass, you are selling alcohol to kids in colleges that get killed from driving drunk. GET OFF YOUR HIGH HORSE! #boycottbudwiser  #Trump# (@RlzLionKing) February 6, 2017@Budweiser Why no Clydesdales this year? Too busy making a political statement? #boycottbudwiser  Joshua Schafer (@jschafer5) February 6, 2017#boycottbudwiser Funny how many confuse illegal immigration with Legal immigration. Budweiser must be confused. Glad I'm a Miller man.  sonny (@sonnyg333) February 6, 2017What is Bud thinking? Do you really think these libtards drink beer. No way. #boycottbudweiser #boycottbudwiser  No2Losers (@c20e75aaf88d4af) February 6, 2017#boycottbudwiser You shoulda stuck with the Clydesdale's .that ad was a ""REAL STINKER""  Mary Gustafson (@cathlametgirl) February 6, 2017WORST COMMERCIAL'S EVER . #SUPER BOWL #boycottbudwiser  DAISY (@OllieLove44) February 6, 2017Now, you might have noticed something a little off with the boycott   specifically with the spelling. This, of course, is an indicator of the intelligence level of the average conservative, but it also functions as a source of endless entertainment for those of us who need a good laugh. Naturally, the internet piled on, mocking the Right for somehow failing so hard that their stupidity is trending on Twitter:I'm guessing this is the guy who started #boycottbudwiser pic.twitter.com/fxHA1H3h75  Vanessa (@foxnfeather) February 6, 2017#boycottbudwiser ??? REALLY??? Please be *wiser* and learn to spell  Colleen McNellis (@C0L_Train) February 6, 2017This is why #DeVos should not be secretary of education. #boycottbudwiser #Stupid pic.twitter.com/2GnKtxkuvF  Alex F. Suarez (@GoldbrainGDS) February 6, 2017I see Betsy DeVos taught the ""special snowflakes"" on the right how to spell #boycottbudwiser. Education is important, even to spell a beer.  Mike (@FallenAngel722) February 6, 2017I don't get #boycottbudwiser (misspelled)-I thought this ad showcased the American dream.I have a prob w/illegal immigration,not immigrants  Trisha Douglas (@trishakdouglas) February 6, 2017Devos is already affecting our education Lmao?? Trump supporters can't even spell Budweiser  #boycottbudwiser pic.twitter.com/43BJlOHU5J  Chris Smith (@Lilyachttty) February 6, 2017Besides spelling, #boycottbudwiser is protest of what? White, LEGAL immigration? The guy even spoke English, unlike my German ancestors.  Lisa Falkenberg (@ChronFalkenberg) February 6, 2017Guys, let's totally #BoycottBudwiser okay? Meanwhile, Budweiser is double-LOLing at the ignorance.  MR. WILL WONG (@mrwillw) February 6, 2017hey, supporters of the pumpkin, how about y'all learn to spell first before going around boycotting everything #boycottbudwiser  sai sailaja seshadri (@Saisailu97) February 6, 2017It might be a good idea for Trump supporters to #boycottbudwiser after they stop trying to boycott public schools  Progressive Spring (@progressspring) February 6, 2017Ultimately, any conservative boycott is doomed to fail, even against Budwiser, Budweiser, or any other beer company. After all, their idea of a Starbucks  boycott  was to buy lots of coffee and tell the barista their name is  Trump. Budwiser s   erm, Budwiser s   commercial was nothing aside from a history lesson about the company, but the Right s reaction proves that they aren t just concerned with keeping our country safe. They are boycotting a company for a commercial that supports legal immigration   the same thing they say is their concern.Read more:Featured image via screengrab",0
2658, WATCH: Wounded Vet Tells Trump To Start Acting Like A Legitimate President In POWERFUL Message,"After Donald Trump watches this ad he ll probably start saying that he likes people who weren t wounded in combat.During his presidential campaign, Trump smeared Vietnam veteran John McCain by saying that he likes people who weren t captured by the enemy. McCain is a war hero who was a prisoner of war. He was brutally tortured after being shot down during a mission. As a result, McCain can no longer lift his arms above his shoulders.Ever since the election, Trump has been whining about not being treated like a legitimate president. Of course, that s because Trump lashes out at anyone who criticizes him like a petulant child who isn t getting his way. It s also because Russia helped him win the election and because he has done nothing but hurt people across the nation and all around the world with his policies.For instance, Trump s assault on Obamacare threatens the healthcare of 30 million Americans, including veterans.Well, one veteran had a message for Trump in an amazing ad released on Monday.As a bearded man lifts weights, the camera pulls away to reveal that he only has one leg. He lost the other leg fighting for our country. President Trump, I hear you watch the morning shows,  he began.  Here s what I do every morning. He then tells Trump that if he wants to be considered a legitimate president he should act like one by not killing Obamacare and banning Muslims from entering the nation. Look, you lost the popular vote. You re having trouble drawing a crowd. And your approval rating keeps sinking. But kicking thousands of my fellow veterans off the health insurance by killing the Affordable Care Act and banning Muslims won t help. That s not the America I sacrificed myself for. You wanna be a legitimate president, sir? Then act like one. Here s the video via Twitter.New TV ad running today: Wounded veteran tells Trump:  You wanna be a legitimate president, sir? Then act like one. pic.twitter.com/GiL5X62Dx5  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) February 6, 2017Donald Trump will never be legitimate. Because he is totally incapable of acting presidential. He is a selfish bully who only cares about himself and his rich friends. It s only been a little over two weeks since he took over the White House and he is already destroying the very foundation of this country while alienating our allies. His decisions are ruining lives. And he has even gotten a Navy SEAL killed in response to a video that is several years old, proving that he is completely inept. At some point, the military will have to refuse to follow Trump s orders, especially if he continues to escalate confrontations with Iran and China. This country cannot afford to lose more blood and treasure because a madman is obsessed with absolute power.Read more:Featured image via screenshot",0
2659, Kellyanne Lied When She Said She Said She ‘Misspoke’ About Bowling Green Massacre; Here’s Proof,"Among the never ending stream of Trump administration lies, one in particular has captured the attention of Twitter. Trump spokesperson Kellyanne Conway pretty much lost all her credibility when she claimed, in an interview with Chris Matthews, that there was a Bowling Green massacre which was somehow the fault of President Obama. There wasn t. I bet it s brand-new information to people that President Obama had a six-month ban on the Iraqi refugee program after two Iraqis came here to this country, were radicalized, and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre. Entire twitter feeds sprung up over Conway s made up massacre. Conway s defense was that she misspoke and that the media is just being mean to her..@KellyannePolls:  I misspoke one word. The corrections in the newspapers who are attacking me are 3 paragraphs long every day.  pic.twitter.com/lA0wLk1my8  Fox News (@FoxNews) February 5, 2017Except, this isn t the first time she talked about the Bowling Green massacre and she had even elaborated on it in an interview with, of all sources, Cosmopolitan.(I)n an interview with Cosmopolitan.com conducted by phone days earlier, on Sunday, Jan. 29, Conway used the same phrasing, claiming that President Barack Obama called for a temporary  ban on Iraqi refugees  after the  Bowling Green massacre.  (The quotes did not appear in either of two stories recently published on Cosmopolitan.com.) He did, it s a fact,  she said of Obama.  Why did he do that? He did that for exactly the same reasons. He did that because two Iraqi nationals came to this country, joined ISIS, traveled back to the Middle East to get trained and refine their terrorism skills, and come back here, and were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre of taking innocent soldiers  lives away. In other words, Cosmo did the job that Chris Matthews failed to do.What Conway was referring to is the fact that there were two Iraqi men, Mohanad Shareef Hammadi and Waad Ramadan Alwan, who were refugees and did become radicalized (in the United States, not in Iraq), but were arrested before carrying anything out.While Conway tried to tie the massacre that wasn t to Obama s non-existent travel ban, the facts show that Obama handled the situation very well. They administered a toughing vetting process for Iraqi refugees for six months. There was no ban, and as Cosmo has shown, there was no misstatement on Conway s part.Read more:Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2660, CNN HAMMERS Kellyanne Conway For Lying About Them As Network Considers Permanent Ban,"Kellyanne Conway just got hammered with facts by CNN after she lied about why she wasn t on the network s Sunday shows.First, CNN rejected Kellyanne Conway for a day. Now the network is considering a permanent ban.The war between Donald Trump and CNN has escalated ever since inauguration day. Trump has repeatedly called CNN  fake news  and his adviser Kellyanne Conway has only parroted this attack every time she appears on any media outlet to whine about the way networks are reporting on the administration.It got to the point where Trump even froze CNN out by declaring that he would not send any more surrogates to appear on CNN shows. So when Trump offered to put Conway on CNN on Sunday, the network declined and got Mike Pence instead.Conway has repeatedly spread falsehoods and lies in defense of Trump and has attacked the media coverage every time she makes an appearance on television. She even admitted that Trump and his team lies by referring to those lies as  alternative facts,  a phrase she has been taking a lot of heat for since she uttered it.And her recent false story about a terrorist attack against Bowling Green, Kentucky that never happened has also earned her criticism from journalists. And that s why CNN booted her from their shows on Sunday.According to the New York Times,Some, like the New York University journalism professor Jay Rosen, were calling upon the television networks to stop booking her. And CNN declined to have her as a guest on Sunday   in part because the Trump administration offered her in lieu of Vice President Mike Pence, but also because of what the network told me were  serious questions about her credibility. So now CNN could be the first network to ban Kellyanne Conway from the airwaves. And that s a good thing because if she is incapable of doing anything but lying and spreading false information, she definitely should not be given a platform to mislead people. On any network for that matter.And their decision to ban her might pretty quickly since Conway just outright lied about why she wasn t on CNN on Sunday.Conway claimed that she wasn t rejected by CNN and that she wasn t on the shows because she had family commitments. She then proceeded to claim that she is scheduled to appear on CNN on Monday and Tuesday.CNN quickly responded.. @KellyannePolls was offered to SOTU on Sunday by the White House. We passed. Those are the facts.  CNN Communications (@CNNPR) February 6, 2017Other media outlets should follow CNN s lead. Journalistic integrity and ethics demand that Conway be removed before she does more damage. Her misinformation and propaganda campaign may be tolerated by Fox, but it should not be tolerated by real news outlets.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
2661, Sean Spicer Whines That SNL Was ‘Mean’ To Him And Demands They Mock Him Less,"Just like Donald Trump, White House mouthpiece Sean Spicer can t handle being satirized on Saturday Night Live.Melissa McCarthy delivered a devastatingly brilliant performance as Spicer, who has embarrassed himself himself repeatedly during press briefings by attacking the media for accurately covering Trump and his administration.Most infamously, Spicer was sent out to lecture and shame the press the day after the inauguration about the accurate assessment of Trump s crowd size on inauguration day. Spicer claimed that the crowd at Trump s ceremony was the largest in history and people around the world laughed because all the evidence shows that Trump s crowd size was clearly one of the smallest.Spicer has also feuded with CNN during the briefings.McCarthy did a fantastic job portraying Spicer during a press briefing.Here s the video via YouTube.Well, Spicer was at the Super Bowl in Houston on Sunday and he was asked about the skit.And let s just say that Spicer is a snowflake who thinks Saturday Night Live is being  mean. According to Extra,Explaining that he d first heard about the sketch while leaving church Sunday morning, Spicer said his texts had been blowing up so much he thought there must be a national emergency.Spicer told  Extra  exclusively he felt the impression was a little exaggerated. His advice was that McCarthy  needs to slow down on the gum chewing; way too many pieces in there.  Though he thought it was a really  funny  show, he felt that McCarthy  could dial back  a bit.Last night, Alec Baldwin was back as President Trump as well. As for what he thought of Alec s portrayal of the President, Spicer had the same feelings as the Leader of the Free World, calling it  mean.  Spicer said,  Alec has gone from funny to mean, and that s unfortunate.  SNL  used to be really funny. There s a streak of meanness now that they ve crossed over to mean. Seriously, Trump and his team need to grow a thicker skin if they hope to make it through the next four years without ending up with high blood pressure.Spicer apparently doesn t realize that a little exaggeration mixed with truth is what makes great satire work. As for his claim that Saturday Night Live is  mean,  I don t remember Spicer ever complaining about SNL making fun of President Obama. In fact, I don t recall him ever complaining about the many truly awful things Republicans said about President Obama over the last eight years in real life.Saturday Night Live is a comedy show. If Trump and Spicer can t handle being mocked, they should both resign because if they can t deal with comedians how are they going to handle it when world leaders criticize them? Judging by their reaction to SNL, not very well.Featured image via screenshot",0
2662, WHOA: Steve Bannon Tricked Trump Into Handing Him An INSANE Amount Of Power,"Last week, news broke that white supremacist and former Breitbart head Stever Bannon had been given a seat on the  principals committee    a role usually reserved for generals   while the roles of the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the director of national intelligence had been  downgraded  and they were told to only attend meetings when issues in their direct area of expertise are being considered.But why would Trump choose to place this much power in the hands of Steve Bannon? It turns out it wasn t a choice. The New York Times reports that Trump is signing executive orders without bothering to find out what is in them, and that it was not until after he had signed it that Trump realized one of his numerous executive orders had made Bannon one of the most powerful men in the country:Mr. Priebus bristles at the perception that he occupies a diminished perch in the West Wing pecking order compared with previous chiefs. But for the moment, Mr. Bannon remains the president s dominant adviser, despite Mr. Trump s anger that he was not fully briefed on details of the executive order he signed giving his chief strategist a seat on the National Security Council, a greater source of frustration to the president than the fallout from the travel ban.Yes, you read that correctly: our President cares so little about doing his job properly that he doesn t even bother to find out the details of the executive orders he is signing   even if he is granting an insane amount of power to someone who should not be taken seriously when offering his opinion on ice cream flavors.Bannon s influence has steadily grown as Trump s time in office has passed, to the point that it is not unreasonable to call him   not Trump    President.  While this is a popular turn of events among white supremacists, a group that was courted heavily by Bannon s propaganda outlet, the rest of the country is steadily growing weary of dealing with someone like Bannon   who has described himself as a  Leninist  who wants to  destroy the state    having any power at all.Featured image via screengrab",0
2663, WATCH: Joe Scarborough Fears Trump Will Murder Journalists And Political Rivals Like Putin Does,"Donald Trump s admiration of Vladimir Putin and the tyrannical way he runs Russia is very worrying to Trump s friend Joe Scarborough.The Morning Joe host strongly advised that Trump to put out a statement condemning the killing of journalists and political opponents. Because if he doesn t, his recent statements in two separate interviews over the course of the last year are even scarier. He s running his country, and at least he s a leader,  Trump said in December 2015 when asked about Putin murdering journalists and political rivals.  Unlike what we have in this country. But again: He kills journalists that don t agree with him,  Scarborough replied.Trump then stunned Scarborough by excusing Putin s crimes. I think our country does plenty of killing, also, Joe, so, you know. There s a lot of stupidity going on in the world right now, Joe. A lot of killing going on. A lot of stupidity. And that s the way it is. And just as in that interview, Trump basically repeated himself during an interview with Bill O Reilly that aired prior to the Super Bowl on Sunday. There are a lot of killers,  Trump said in defense of Putin.  You think our country s so innocent? And that makes Joe Scarborough wonder if Trump will start emulating Putin. If Donald Trump keeps being asked to criticize Vladimir Putin for assassinating journalists, and Donald Trump refuses to criticize Vladimir Putin for assassinating journalists, and say, well, we do it, too, in a sense, does that suggest that he thinks that it s OK to assassinate journalists? Does that suggest that it s OK to jail political opponents, to assassinate political opponents? Scarborough then condemned Trump for defending Putin and advised him to issue a statement against killing journalists and political rivals to make it clear that he does not support doing these things. If you don t condemn after being asked repeatedly to condemn these actions, at some point you go back to the  he who does not deny admits  story, and it suggests that he does. I suggest somebody at the White House get him to write a very strong statement letting the world know that he condemns the assassination of journalists and political rivals, because he suggests in the two interviews with O Reilly and us that he does not How do you compare a country whose leader assassinates journalists, a country s leader who assassinates political rivals   we saw one found dead in the street across from the Kremlin a year ago   who jails economic rivals, who has an authoritarian regime that has put everybody on notice, he s plundered his country. Many people estimate that Putin is worth $200 billion that he has stolen from the Russian people, and yet this desire to keep preaching moral equivalency continues and it is baffling. It was disturbing enough a year ago, it is baffling now, as president of the United States, that he s still doing this. Here s the video via MSNBC.Donald Trump is a threat to our individual liberties and our lives. His obsession with wanting to be buddies with Putin is frightening and the fact that he is actually defending murder is sickening and un-American.Featured image via screenshot",0
2664, Trump Claims ‘Any Negative Polls’ Are ‘FAKE NEWS’ And Gets SAVAGED By The Internet (TWEETS),"Donald Trump kicked off his Monday morning by tweeting something so stupid that it was necessary to check multiple times if it was a parody account. Apparently, The Emperor has been told he is wearing the finest of clothing for so long that he is completely unaware he stands naked (in the figurative, not the  claw your eyes out to make the awful visage disappear manner) and looking pretty stupid before us.According to The Donald, any and all negative polls are  fake news  and don t at all reflect the actual feelings of the millions of people who are protesting him in the streets and the millions more who are gathering to denounce him online.  Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting,  Trump says.Any negative polls are fake news, just like the CNN, ABC, NBC polls in the election. Sorry, people want border security and extreme vetting.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 6, 2017Trump, of course, is referencing his Muslim ban, which stopped people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering our country (including a baby who needed heart surgery, for a time). The ban was met by widespread condemnation before a judge ultimately shut it down   at least for now. Contrary to The Donald s assertion, most Americans actually oppose the ban. Politico reports:Fifty-three percent opposed the order, according to a CNN/ORC poll, with 46 percent arguing that it makes the U.S. less safe from terrorism and 49 percent saying it harms American values by preventing those seeking asylum from entering the U.S.Fifty-one percent expressed disapproval with the ban in a CBS News survey, in which 57 percent of respondents said the ban goes against the country s founding principles. I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it,  Trump, who posted a completely fake story on his timeline to support the ban and whose propaganda minister completely invented a massacre in an effort to sway public opinion in The Donald s direction.  Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies! I call my own shots, largely based on an accumulation of data, and everyone knows it. Some FAKE NEWS media, in order to marginalize, lies!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 6, 2017Trump does indeed call his own shots (the ones President Steve Bannon doesn t call for him, anyway), but none of them are based in reality. Thanks to his cozy relationship with Russian dictator Vladimir Putin, who helped Trump win the election through an aggressive propaganda campaign and hacks of his political opponents (something Trump specifically requested during his campaign) and the numerous horrific actions he has taken since assuming office, Trump has managed to become the most hated President in history  and Americans happily let him know it daily.Lol fake news, fake judge, fake voting, right, @realDonaldTrump? pic.twitter.com/DHuz5z1CrM  David G. McAfee (@DavidGMcAfee) February 6, 2017@realDonaldTrump So anything you don't like is fake? Well, America doesn't like you so we will call you the fake president.  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) February 6, 2017@realDonaldTrump you are my favourite character in Alice in Wonderland. The mad king who denies any negative opinion of himself.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) February 6, 2017@realDonaldTrump Saying Muslims are  pouring in  is the sort of racist language Nazi propaganda used to justify attacks on certain people. pic.twitter.com/lJBFqBlwNv  The Socialist Party (@OfficialSPGB) February 6, 2017@realDonaldTrump #NoBanNoWall #MuslimBan #TheResistance #alternativefacts #WomensMarchpic.twitter.com/gGjOZ7yqIU  Lil' Kim Ms. G.O.A.T (@killerbee805) February 6, 2017@realDonaldTrump Anything out of your mouth or Twitter feed is fake news. You're supposedly the President. You're failing. GET TO WORK.  John Pavlovitz (@johnpavlovitz) February 6, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/lYMZj6AA0d  Ciaran Jenkins (@C4Ciaran) February 6, 2017The Narcissist in Chief is now living in Fantasyland full-time. @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/K0HZwCEmPD  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) February 6, 2017@realDonaldTrump Donald, we ve been over this a thousand times. The US already has border security and extreme vetting.  Emma Kennedy (@EmmaKennedy) February 6, 2017@realDonaldTrump  Any negative polls?  For the rest of time? Is this how it works now? If the data isn t in your favor, it s fake? #resist  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) February 6, 2017@realDonaldTrump this is exactly something that a leader like the Vladimir Putin would be saying right now.  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) February 6, 2017@realDonaldTrump this is literally dictator language  nick brennan (@nfbrennan) February 6, 2017@realDonaldTrump Be honest. Did you plagiarize this from 'Fascism For Dummies""?  pourmecoffee (@pourmecoffee) February 6, 2017@realDonaldTrump You're like America's drunk, angry, controlling father. But you don't drink, which makes this all the more disturbing  elan gale (@theyearofelan) February 6, 2017But despite reality s uncomfortable bias against him, Trump is convinced that anyone who tells him he is not wearing any clothing is   like his tailor Steve Bannon tells him   unfit for their position and must be removed. This isn t limited to his administration. Ultimately, this includes you. It includes me. It includes Muslims, women, Hispanics, African-Americans, and anyone else who largely opposes him.Trump is growing more unhinged before our eyes. It is up to our elected leaders to do their jobs and make sure he is not in a position to act on it for much longer   for the good of our nation.Featured image via Getty Images (Joe Raedle)/screengrab",0
2665, Jordanian Airline Tells Trump To F*ck Himself With Discount Airfare To New York (TWEETS),"The Royal Jordanian airline is celebrating Donald Trump s recent humiliation in style. Since a federal judge recently lifted The Donald s travel ban, Royal Jordanian wants to make sure as many people visit the United States as possible. Royal Jordanian received new instructions from the US Customs and Border Protection to temporarily halt ban on travel of seven previously-barred nationals to enter the USA. The countries are: Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Libya, Yemen, Iran and Somalia,  the airline said on its website, noting that as always, travelers need a valid visa or Green Card.To celebrate Trump s despair, Royal Jordanian is slashing prices while the ban is lifted. On Sunday, they tweeted an ad featuring the word  Ban  with the  a  converted to an  o  and the word  Voyage  written in.  Fly to the US with RJ now that you re allowed to,  it reads, with heavily slashed prices to Chicago, Detroit, and Trump s home state of New York.  ??   #DonaldTrump #MuslimBan pic.twitter.com/rptY3dS3Xh  Royal Jordanian (@RoyalJordanian) February 5, 2017This isn t the first time RJ has hit Trump over the ban. On Election Day, the airline encouraged travelers to  travel to the US while you re still allowed to    you know,  just in case he wins. ?   #USElections pic.twitter.com/yBDVO2w3gb  Royal Jordanian (@RoyalJordanian) November 8, 2016The lift of  so-called President  Trump s ban by a  so-called judge  has sent the Orange Menace into a fanatical rage as of late with Trump lashing out on Twitter, blaming the judge who denied him his success in keeping people who practice a religion he hates out of the country for any an all terrorist attacks that might or might not occur in the future.Trump should be thanking Judge Robert. As President, it is in his best interest to learn as much about our government as possible   and it s clear that The Donald has never heard of  checks and balances  before this.If you live in one of the seven previously-banned countries, be sure to fly to New York at a discount and visit Trump Tower. We re sure he d love that.featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
2666, Trump Insists His Muslim Ban Has Been ‘Going Smoothly’ (VIDEO),"Even though alleged president Donald Trump s executive order banning seven predominantly Muslim countries from entering the U.S. has caused widespread panic, he told Fox News host Bill O Reilly on Sunday that the move was going  smoothly.  Trump s fake news  facts failed to mention that his poorly worded order sent the world into chaos.When O Reilly asked the man-baby POTUS how the travel ban worked out following the executive order, Trump said,  I think it was very smooth. You had 109 people out of hundreds of thousands of travelers and all we did was vet those people very, very carefully. Actually, that s not true and we re sure you re shocked. 60,000 visas were revoked following his Muslim ban.Press Secretary Sean Spicer also echoed Trump s claims previously that only 109 people were affected by his travel ban on the seven Muslim countries even though that claim was disproved.Facts matter:While DHS estimates suggest that around 375 travelers who were in transit were stranded or detained, thousands of refugees were put into limbo when Trump scuttled the U.S. refugee program.During the jaw-dropping interview in which even a Fox News host challenged him, Trump insisted multiple times that the executive order was implemented in a  smooth  fashion and only 109 people were affected.In that same interview, Trump was asked by the Fox News host why he respects Vladimir Putin. O Reilly said,  He s a killer  and the host was not lying. Still yet, Trump said,  There are a lot of killers. You think our country s so innocent? Watch:President Trump Bannon also said he s against sanctuary cities.From there, Trump went into the same dangerous territory his team keeps venturing into. He wants to prove he won the popular vote, but he s doing so without proof. O Reilly told him he needs data to back him up his claim that 3 million people voted for in the 2016 U.S. presidential election illegally, Trump insisted that Mike Pence will set up a commission to investigate the widespread voter fraud which has already been debunked.Image via screen capture. ",0
2667, Ivanka Trump’s Brand Gives HILARIOUS Excuse For Plummeting Sales As Yet Another Retailer Drops It,"More than one major retail chain has decided to drop Ivanka Trump s fashion line, and while they don t cite specific politics in their reasons for doing so, many believe that falling sales were prompted by politics, which, in turn, prompted the chains to drop her. The brand, though, had yet to issue a statement on this until recently.It s just slightly ridiculous: The Ivanka Trump brand continues to expand across categories and distribution with increased customer support, leading us to experience significant year-over-year revenue growth in 2016. We believe that the strength of a brand is measured not only by the profits it generates, but the integrity it maintains. Integrity?  Really? In any case, a company can t survive on integrity alone. If enough stores dump her brand, her fashion line goes under. End of.But that wasn t all they said. They also used the statement to play up the diversity of the company and the professionalism of the women behind it: The women behind the brand represent a diverse group of professionals and we are proud to say that the Ivanka Trump brand continues to embody the principles upon which it was founded. It is a company built to inspire women with solution-oriented offerings, created to celebrate and service the many aspects of their lives. That doesn t really address the brand getting dumped by high-end retailers like Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus. And it also doesn t address what the company is doing to mitigate this, even if they never specifically say they re working to mitigate it. Where are they going with the brand? Are they in talks with anyone else that could replace Nordstrom and Neiman Marcus?The statement is reminiscent of Trump s spokespeople, and also could be suggesting that they have no idea what they re going to do if more chains drop them.Featured image by Aaron P. Bernstein via Getty Images",0
2668, Hamilton Cast Added ‘Sisterhood’ To ‘America The Beautiful’ And Conservatives Are Losing Their MINDS (TWEETS),"The Super Bowl had not yet begun and Trump fans were already throwing a tantrum   not over something Lady Gaga did, but because of what is normally one of their favorite songs: America the Beautiful.The song was performed by three members of the cast of Hamilton, Phillipa Soo, Ren e Elise Goldsberry and Jasmine Cephas Jones, and it was just as excellent as one would expect. But there was a problem   at least, there was a problem according to the Stupid Part of America. When the trip reached the line  And crown thy good with brotherhood,  two of the women added  and sisterhood. Now to most people, recognizing that women are people and Americans is not a huge deal. The move was largely celebrated on social media as an attempt to stand up to Republicans  bullying of women and repeated attempts to deprive them of healthcare and control their bodies. But it was for that very reason that Trump fans went nuts on Twitter following the song. WHAT THE FUCK INSTEAD OF  AND SOUND THY GOOD WITH BROTHERHOOD  THE LIBERAL SUPER BOWL SINGERS SAID  BROTHERHOOD AND SISTERHOOD  IM SO DONE,  one enraged conservative who apparently doesn t even know the original lyrics writes. Another complains that the women changed the words for their  polical correctness agenda. No, it s just brotherhood. Not sisterhood. Stupid cunts. You don t remix the shit. Just sing like you re told,  one man added, apparently unaware that the did sing just as they were hired to do.#AmericatheBeautiful does not contain the word sisterhood. Don't change the words for your polical correctness agenda. #SuperBowl  Larry Barringer (@LarryStLCards) February 5, 2017So much agenda already in this superbowl. Really feminist, crown thy good with brotherhood .and sisterhood.  Michael Coulter (@Mike_Coulter93) February 5, 2017No, it's just brotherhood. Not sisterhood. Stupid cunts. You don't remix the shit. Just sing like you're told.  D'Lone Woof (@underscore_tim) February 5, 2017And #sisterhood? Smh. when will liberals stop pushing their agenda down ceveryone's throat  Kevin J. Cooper (@REALKevinCooper) February 6, 2017WHAT THE FUCK INSTEAD OF ""AND SOUND THY GOOD WITH BROTHERHOOD"" THE LIBERAL SUPER BOWL SINGERS SAID ""BROTHERHOOD AND SISTERHOOD"" IM SO DONE  Resolve (@ResolveDZN) February 5, 2017""For brotherhood and sisterhood"". How about you just sing the song you smug Hamilton cunts. Terrible over singing trash with a ""message"".  Jack Miller (@Tarrnack) February 5, 2017""and sisterhood""Cant we do anything without bringing your social agenda into it?   ndrew ? (@drewluminati_) February 5, 2017""And sisterhood.."" Fuck that. Changing the lyrics of America the Beautiful to fit the modernization of the country is fucked up.  Tyler Marks (@TylerCMarks) February 5, 2017Oh, okay. America the Beautiful is no longer acceptable, needed to add sisterhood too. Got it. Come the fuck on. #ItAintBrokeDontFixIt #SB51  Marie (@RIEW417) February 5, 2017Did they really just say sisterhood, fuck you that's not the lyrics  cobi (@c0bi1) February 5, 2017""sisterhood""? just sing the damn song.  lance (@aguyfromtx) February 5, 2017did that CUNT just add ""and sisterhood"" to america the beautiful  brendan feeney (@ChuckieFeenster) February 5, 2017And sisterhood???? Fuck you, just sing the song!!!!!  El Guapo (@johnnymclean13) February 5, 2017Did they really just say ""brotherhood (and sisterhood)"" in America the Beautiful during the Super Bowl  Smh, fuck feminists.  Ethan (@Iplayball_UHC) February 5, 2017Conservatives are terrible, and we will continue to see many, many examples of this as Donald Trump s presidency rolls on. Watch the Super Bowl moment that sent the Right into fits of rage below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2669, WATCH: Keith Olbermann FLAYS Trump For Helping Our Enemies,"Keith Olbermann doesn t mince words, and when it comes to Donald Trump, he doesn t just avoid mincing words, he lights into him. Trump and his minions keep saying that the Muslim ban is necessary to protect us from terrorism. A lawyer from the Department of Justice even made that claim in court and got promptly smacked down by the judge. Olbermann took to his show,  The Resistance,  to flay Trump open again over the effects of his racist ban.First off, Olbermann says that Trump is aiding our enemies with the ban, and indeed, he is: The first, perhaps the only international organization of any kind to congratulate Trump on his Muslim ban in sheep s clothing was so-called Islamic State. ISIS. The terrorists. It sent him no bouquets, it issued no press releases, it did not have to. It has been celebrating him and this plan, which will almost certainly instigate the deaths of American citizens since the night of the election. Trump is alienating Muslims, making people in America fear Muslims, and that makes Muslim-Americans ripe for radicalization. It also pisses off Muslims elsewhere and makes them ripe for radicalization. But Olbermann postulates that this might be what Trump wants: Since [the Muslim ban] is the greatest possible gift to ISIS for recruitment, for confirmation, for rationalization, for instigating terrorist acts, maybe here in America, it must either be that Trump does not understand what will almost inevitably follow, or that he does understand what will almost inevitably follow. Why would an American want that? Not an American president, why would any American deliberately do anything to give terrorists a rationalization to commit terrorism in America? Well, Olbermann says if we look back to the Bush administration following Sept. 11, they used that as an excuse to attack Iraq, as well as to roll back privacy laws and other freedoms in the name of keeping  the homeland  safe. Sowing fear to justify all of that, of course, was how Republicans kept their hold on the White House in 2004.After explaining all that, Olbermann paints a possible, and terrifying, motive for Trump instigating terrorist attacks. Watch the whole episode below:Blaming a judge for a hypothetical terror attack, when he is doing the recruiting work for ISIS. The threat is TRUMP pic.twitter.com/lsgcrtrglH  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) February 5, 2017Featured image via screen capture from embedded video.",0
2670, Coke Just Stuck It To Trump’s Bigotry With The Most BRILLIANT Super Bowl Ad EVER (VIDEO),"The whole nation is ashamed of the open and overt exclusion and bigotry shown by Donald Trump, his administration, and his supporters. This sentiment was ratcheted up a thousand fold when Trump signed a hateful immigration order   the promised Muslim ban thinly cloaked in false claims about national security concerns   that threw the nation and world into chaos, tore families apart, and put many lives at risk.Well, the Super Bowl is perhaps the most watched program of the year, and it is the perfect time to show people what one thinks, via those famous commercials. Coke decided to do just that, and it was nothing short of brilliant.The popular soft drink company aired an ad at the beginning of Sunday s game where  America the Beautiful  was being sang in different languages, showing the beautiful diversity of America in the many faces of our country. Every race, color, creed, national origin, religion   everything you could think of   is represented in this amazing commercial.Donald Trump might want to white wash America, with the help of the likes of white supremacists like Steve Bannon, but he cannot kill our inclusive spirit.Well done, Coke! I ll definitely be supporting you in your efforts to be real American patriots.Watch the commercial below:I hope that Coca-Cola pisses off the racist-bigots again with their #SuperBowl Commercial. #Coke pic.twitter.com/zyE7j4eWx2  Kim Is Bored (@Kim_is__bored) February 5, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
2671, Judge Who Blocked Trump’s Muslim Ban REPEATEDLY Dropped The Mic On DOJ Lawyer Trying To Defend It,"While Trump is whining up a storm on Twitter about how Judge James Robart has made it so anyone can get into the U.S. by halting his Muslim ban, there s a conversation between Robart and Dept. of Justice attorney Michelle Bennett floating around that explains a lot about how Robart sees it.Robart asked Bennett the following pointed question, which everyone with any sense has been asking since Trump threw the world into chaos last week: How many arrests have there been of foreign nationals from those seven countries since 9/11? Bennett replied: Your Honor, I don t have that information. I m from the civil division if that helps get me off the hook. What a thing for a lawyer to say   it almost sounds like Bennett felt a little silly defending Trump s Muslim ban in court. She may have felt even sillier after Robart said: Let me tell you. The answer to that is none, as best I can tell. So, I mean, you re here arguing on behalf of someone that says: We have to protect the United States from these individuals coming from these countries, and there s no support for that. Bennett argued that the rationale behind the order was to protect the U.S. from potential terrorists. Many people think that makes some sense, but neither Trump nor his administration ever weighed that against the possible impact of such a ban. Had any terrorists actually come from any of those countries, and attacked us, then the ban might have some merit.As it stands, though, it exempts countries that actually do have a history of exporting terrorism.Robart responded to Bennett s statement about protecting the U.S. with this: I m also asked to look and determine if the executive order is rationally based. And rationally based, to some extent, means I have to find it grounded in fact instead of fiction. The Muslim ban is currently based on the fiction that these countries pose a clear and present threat. They don t. The  threat  that Trump sees is vague and rooted in paranoia, not fact. Yet Trump is all over Twitter claiming that now  bad people  can just indiscriminately pour into the country as though U.S. Customs and Border Protection was only able to do its job with the ban in effect.He claims to have instructed DHS to very carefully look at people coming into the country, because DHS and CBP apparently weren t doing that. Chances are he did no such thing, or he made them roll their eyes. He ll take credit if nothing happens, and he ll blame Robart if something does.While the Trump administration is certain that they ll win this case and the ban will be reinstated, others aren t so sure. Some think this will go all the way to the Supreme Court, and if it has to, it has to. The harm the ban causes actually outweighs the dangers of not having it in place.Below is a video of the Feb. 3 hearing, and the relevant portion begins at the 38:00 mark:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
2672, Kuwait Catches Trump In MAJOR Lie But He Refuses To Back Down,"Since Donald Trump enacted the travel ban from seven majority Muslim countries last week, he s spent most of his time on the defensive. That position got worse after Trump posted a fake news story on his Facebook timeline that was quickly debunked by the country of Kuwait, but not before the right-wing media ran with it as proof that Trump s Muslim ban is cool, even in the Muslim world.The article, which is still on Trump s Facebook page, said that Kuwait enacted a similar ban to Trump s.Syrians, Iraqis, Iranians, Pakistanis and Afghans will not be able to obtain visit, tourism or trade Kuwaiti visas with the news coming one day after the US slapped its own restrictions on seven Muslim-majority countries.Passport holders from the countries will not be allowed to enter the Gulf state while the blanket ban is in place and have been told not to apply to visas.Trump s post has more than 250,000 likes and nearly 70,000 shares. It was also shared by right-wing sites like Breitbart and Infowars. The only problem is, it didn t happen.The foreign ministry of the Middle Eastern country  categorically denies these claims and affirms that these reported nationalities   have big communities in Kuwait and enjoy full rights,  according to a Sunday morning report in Reuters.The story shared by Trump had alleged that  Syrians, Iraqis, Iranians, Pakistanis and Afghans will not be able to obtain visit, tourism or trade Kuwaiti visas with the news coming one day after the US slapped its own restrictions on seven Muslim-majority countries.  The story in the Jordanian news outlet Al Bawaba did not have an official statement or order from the Kuwaiti government nor from any of the countries it said were facing a ban.Source: The Daily BeastOf course, Trump hasn t taken the story down, which shouldn t be a surprise at all. The Trump administration is apparently far more comfortable with lies than they are the truth. If they told the truth, they d lose the support of the majority of their followers.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images.",0
2673, Paul Ryan Assaults Healthcare On Twitter And Gets BUTCHERED By The Public (TWEETS),"Republicans might have Congress and the White House, but they don t have the people or public opinion on their side, and it shows. When House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) tried to attack the Affordable Care Act on Twitter today, he learned that the hard way.Here s the tweet in question: Retweet to agree   #Obamacare is failing. We need to reverse the damage that has been done. pic.twitter.com/s6B0UDSWKp  Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) February 5, 2017 Things are only getting worse under Obamacare,  he says. Huh. That s weird   before Obamacare, there was less choice, no central marketplace, insurance companies could reject you for preexisting conditions or set a lifetime cap on coverage, tens of millions weren t insured at all, and insurance companies could take as much profit as they wanted instead of spending on healthcare.However, little things like facts don t get in the way of the bloviating of bullshit artists like Paul Ryan. Luckily, twitter users instantly tore his lies apart: @SpeakerRyan When is your  retweet to agree   democracy is failing  tweet  Dave Levitan (@davelevitan) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan Trump is failing. Get rid of him first.  The Morch Files ?? (@WIrebelalliance) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan You mean damage by providing health care to those who otherwise couldn t afford it or get coverage?  Kim D (@KimDHello) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan you should start by reversing the damage you caused.  Not A. Snake (@SnakeInPants) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan re-fund the risk corridor subsidies that you defunded despite industry leaders telling you it would cause wild rate hikes.  Not A. Snake (@SnakeInPants) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan Like to agree   Paul Ryan should give a plan for replacement before repealing millions of people s insurance.  PARKER ?? ? (@Parker9_) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan Why didn t you work to improve it years ago when the president asked for help? The problems were caused by your obstruction.  Chris O Brien (@ChrisOB617) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan I need Obamacare. I m a small business person and rely on it for my health  Amy Teegan (@amyteegan) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan Trump is a bigger threat. Please deal with him first. Kthx.  Brian Podolsky (@brianpodolsky) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan Retweet to agree   #PaulRyan is failing. We need to reverse the damage that Trump/Bannon administration has done  killermuses (@killermuses) February 5, 2017Retweet to agree: Paul Ryan is a douche ?@SpeakerRyan pic.twitter.com/1Fx1TDYTQ8  No Filter Alexa ? (@realAlexaParker) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan why are you getting gold plus healthcare with no pre-existing condition options. We all deserve your gold standard healthcare  Oh Juliet (@justdreamin91) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan How about you and your lying partners come up with an actual plan before pretending you have a #BetterWay?  A. Lethe (@Axel_Lethe) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan #Obamacare is NOT failing. Stop your stinking lies. You are an enemy of the American people if you repeal ACA.  Barbara Drake (@barbaradrake) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan 1. Repeating a lie won t make it true. 2. Shouldn t you be concentrating on making sure Trump doesn t start WW3?  Maloofs (@MMVarney) February 5, 2017This one sums it up perhaps best of all:@SpeakerRyan pic.twitter.com/jVi92Thkt4  Oh Juliet (@justdreamin91) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan without replacement plan; pure recklessness. makes you look small minded, spiteful and uncaring #ACA  CMKO (@hellocindy) February 5, 2017@SpeakerRyan still all talk and no plan   and most of us know it is NOT failing so stop with the lying rhetoric  Kathy Pruitt (@KathyPruitt54) February 5, 2017Is the ACA perfect? No. After all, insurance companies are still taking 20 percent of the money that could be spent entirely on healthcare. However, Republicans want to move in the opposite direction. They re not out to help people at all. That s why, instead of developing a reasonable alternative, they have spent years and millions of taxpayer dollars trying to repeal Obamacare with no replacement. And, now that they have power, they fully intend to do so and leave the American people stranded without a fallback.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2674, Chrissy Teigan Shoving Trump’s Words Back In His Face Is The Best Thing You’ll See Today (TWEET),"If you haven t noticed by now, some people have some very strong opinions about Donald Trump. So much so, that when Uber CEO Travis Kalanick felt the pressure of thousands and thousands dropping their Uber accounts because of his association with Trump, he backed out the Trump s business advisory council.Then, after Trump insisted on banning Muslims from this country because apparently he believes all Muslims are evil, people rose up all across the country. And then when his ban was shot down by a federal judge and denied a stay, it just went to prove that all those opposed to Trump are absolutely correct.Trump didn t take ANY of this rejection very well. In fact, he keeps going to his Twitter to tell us how  evil  people are pouring into the country (they re not), and went so far as to angry tweet this:We must keep ""evil"" out of our country!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2017And seeing as most people see Trump as evil, most people responded to this by asking him to leave if he truly feels that way.However, there was one response that was simply the best. It s hilarious on multiple levels, and the reason why I included the Uber link above. In response to Trump s  evil  tweet, model Chrissy Teigan tweets in reply: What time should we call your Uber? @realDonaldTrump what time should we call your Uber?  christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) February 4, 2017BOOM! HA!Well played, Teigan. Well played indeed!Featured Photo by Michael Buckner/Getty Images",0
2675, Fact: Repealing Obamacare Will Absolutely Decimate Red State America,"We hear a lot from Republicans about how they re going to repeal the  job killing,   healthcare killing,  big government law unofficially called Obamacare. These unsung heroes of the nation, almost all of them representing red state America, are going to free us and their states from the shackles of socialized medicine   or so they say.Should Republicans get their way, they will absolutely decimate their states  economies.According to the Economic Policy Institute, an American think tank in Washington, D.C.:Across the country, 29.8 million people would lose their health insurance if the Affordable Care Act were repealed more than doubling the number of people without health insurance. And 1.2 million jobs would be lost not just in health care but across the board.So not only will America overall be taken back to the dark ages of pre-Obamacare, red states will be hit the hardest. In terms of the increase in the uninsured rate per state, of the top 30 that will be hit hardest, 20 are red states that voted for Donald Trump.So how much will the uninsured rate increase with an Obamacare repeal? Here s the list (top 20) for Trump states:The blue states that would be most affected by the repeal would be Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Illinois, Oregon, and Washington.If Republicans think their town hall events are bad now, just wait until they see what the summer of 2017 will produce. Democrats got the brunt of it in 2011, now it s time for the GOP to reap what they ve sown.Leaked audio from the Republican retreat in Philadelphia showed that many GOPers were divided on whether to repeal or reform Obamacare. Many expressed concern with how their constituents would react if a full repeal were put in place. At the retreat, one Republican, Tom MacArthur of New Jersey, yelled: We re telling those people that we re not going to pull the rug out from under them, and if we do this too fast, we are in fact going to pull the rug out from under them. Rep. Virginia Foxx chastised MacArthur and other weary Republicans as  weak-kneed. Rep. MacArthur is correct in his fears: If Obamacare is repealed, and people lose their health insurance, Republicans are going to be cast as the enemy for pulling the rug out. And as the Economic Policy Institute showed, there are a lot of red-state Americans who will be affected.Given Trump s immense unpopularity, an Obamacare repeal would almost certainly hand the Democrats a House and Senate majority in 2018.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
2676, Dianne Feinstein: Trump Is ‘Splitting’ The United States Apart,"Senator Dianne Feinstein went on Fox News this Sunday and ripped President Trump a new one.Pointing out the rank hypocrisy over Trump s executive actions and how Republicans treated President Obama, Feinstein called on the president to unite the country. Instead of uniting, Feinstein said, he s splitting it apart even more:You ve got people in the streets here. This president has not brought this nation together. He says he s working for his base. Well, there are a majority of people who are outside of that base. My best advice has been, and I was able to say this to him directly,  Please Mr. President, you have to bring this country together.  What he s doing is splitting it apart.Currently, the majority of the United States has an unfavorable view of Trump, who set a record for quickest descent into net negative approval ratings over 50 percent. In contrast, it took President Obama almost 1,000 days to reach that point. Trump did it in eight.Feinstein also blasted Trump for his immigration ban, telling Chris Wallace that he is  not a dictator  and that the Supreme Court will ultimately decide if his executive action is unconstitutional.Similarly, the majority of Americans are sharply disapproving of his immigration executive order, and his handling of terrorism, national security, and immigrant, all key tenets to his 2016 campaign.The most shocking statistic comes from Public Policy Polling, which found 40 percent of the American public wants to impeach President Trump. That number is up 5 points from a similar question asked just a week ago. In comparison, it took 16 months after Watergate for the American public to reach that number in support of Nixon s resignation. Trump s done it in two weeks.Not surprisingly, 88-92 percent of Republicans support of the job President Trump is doing. Only 7-10 percent of Democrats believe so. And every major poll has shown independent voters to be sharply divided, with all polls tilting negative.Senator Feinstein is right: President Trump is splitting this country apart all to appease the small minority who voted for him. All his promises of being the president who bridges the two Americas has completely fallen flat.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2677, WATCH: Bernie Sanders SCORCHES Trump For Abandoning Working Class To Help Wall Street,"Donald Trump supporters who struggle to earn a paycheck continue to get screwed over and Bernie Sanders called Trump out for it on Sunday.On Friday, Trump met with Wall Street bankers and promised that he will gut Dodd-Frank regulations that prevent them from screwing over their customers. Specifically, Trump admitted that he is only interested in helping his rich friends instead of sticking to his promise to help the working class Americans who voted for him. We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank, because frankly I have so many people, friends of mine, that have nice businesses and they can t borrow money. They just can t get any money because the banks just won t let them borrow because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank. So we ll be talking about that in terms of the banking industry. Furthermore, Trump has stacked his administration with former Goldman Sachs employees despite criticizing Hillary Clinton throughout his campaign for her ties to the big Wall Street bank.On Sunday, Senator Bernie Sanders did not mince words as he called out Trump for being a fraud. It is hard not to laugh to see President Trump alongside these Wall Street guys,  Sanders said on CNN with Jake Tapper.  I have to say this, Jake, and I don t mean to be disrespectful. This guy is a fraud. Sander s reminded Tapper and viewers that Trump ran his campaign by promising to fight Wall Street. This guy ran for president of the United States and said,  I, Donald Trump, I m going to take on Wall Street, these guys are getting away with murder.  And then suddenly he appoints all these Wall Street billionaires, his major financial adviser comes from Goldman Sachs and now he s going to dismantle legislation that protects consumers. Indeed, Trump claimed during his campaign that he would be tough on Wall Street and would seek to restore laws that were passed after the Great Depression, like Glass-Steagall, that placed regulations on the financial sector designed to prevent the kind of banking practices that caused it in the first place and would also cause the Great Recession in 2008.Sanders also slammed Trump for appointing people who want to destroy Medicare and Social Security despite promising that he would protect both programs. This is a guy who ran for president, saying,  I m not going to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid,  Sanders said.  And then he appoints all of these guys who are precisely going to cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid. In the end, while Sanders conceded that Trump put on a good show to dupe voters,  I think he s going to sell out the middle class and the working class of this country. Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump does not care about the American people. He only cares about himself and his wealthy buddies. He s a hypocrite for palling around with Goldman Sachs executives and is a liar for making promises to his middle class supporters that he clearly had absolutely no intention of keeping. How many times do his supporters need to get duped before they turn against him?Featured image via Flickr/Flickr",0
2678, WATCH: Trump Literally Promises To Gut Financial Regulations So His Friends Can Screw The Economy,"Donald Trump was blunt when he explained why he wants to gut financial regulations. So his friends can destroy the economy and get richer from doing so.In 2009, President Obama and Congress passed the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act in response to the Great Recession caused by the big banks and Republican economic policies.The recession nearly collapsed the world economy because Republicans have repealed financial regulations that were put in place after the Great Depression of the 1930s to prevent such economic crises from occurring.The law prevents banks from approving loans for those who are unable to pay them back and puts restrictions on the activities of big banks so that they don t repeat the bullshit they did to get our country into such economic messes in the first place.MSN reports that Trump signed an executive order that  will effectively halt an Obama-era Labor Department rule that requires brokers to act in a client s best interest, rather than seek the highest profits for themselves, when providing retirement advice. In short, it will allow big banks to swindle people and screw Americans over in the name of profit, a practice that hurt millions of Americans during the recession.But Trump wants to keep attacking Dodd-Frank anyway because he wants to help his rich buddies. We expect to be cutting a lot out of Dodd-Frank because frankly, I have so many people, friends of mine that had nice businesses, they can t borrow money,  Trump said on Friday while during a meeting with Wall Street tycoons like Jamie Dimon of JPMorgan-Chase.  They just can t get any money because the banks just won t let them borrow it because of the rules and regulations in Dodd-Frank. Here s the video via YouTube:Again, if a bank is not letting you borrow money, it s because they have determined that you are too much of a risk.Just ask Donald Trump. He has so much trouble getting loans from banks here in the United States that he has to get loans from Deutche Bank in Germany, which has repeatedly violated Dodd-Frank regulations.Trump has repeatedly failed to pay contractors for work he has hired them to perform and his many failed business ventures over the years such as Trump Steaks and Trump Airlines has understandable caused many banks to see Trump as a risk. So if his friends are unable to get loans, it s probably because they they don t run  nice businesses  like Trump claims.When a bank loans money to people, they are risking their capital and if a person like Trump and his friends fail to pay that loan back, it doesn t just hurt the bank, it hurts customers of the bank. One bad loan could result in the bank having to shut down or pass the expense of the loss to customers to cover it.It s a shitty deal for banks and a shitty deal for people who trust their banks to protect their money.Donald Trump isn t doing what is best for the American people by attacking Dodd-Frank. He is doing favors for his wealthy friends and that is going to harm our economy and set the stage for another economic collapse that could be even worse than one President Obama helped our country recover from over the last eight years.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2679, Even Mitch McConnell Is Beginning To Turn On Trump; Is Impeachment Next? (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s Muslim ban is proving to be a lot more difficult and a lot less constitutional than his followers hope. While two courts in a row have struck Trump down, even Mitch McConnell is seeing the writing on the wall. He said on Sunday that the Senate will not defend Trump s questionably constitutional Muslim ban.On CNN s State of the Union, McConnell was asked about a couple of Trump s latest, including Trump s defense of Russian President Vladimir Putin s record of assassinating his political enemies, to which Trump essentially shrugged his shoulders and said that the United States does it too. McConnell called Putin  a thug  and then, without a shred of irony in his voice, complained that Putin wasn t legitimately elected.The subject then turned to Trump s claim that he only lost the popular vote because more than 3 million undocumented people voted. While McConnell didn t exactly deny this baseless claim, he did say that  election fraud  wasn t significant enough to have swayed the election and that any investigations should be left up to the state.Then it turned to Trump s latest priority, which is his Muslim ban. While Trump hasn t yet lashed out at the second court to put a halt to his ban, Trump did have a Twitter meltdown toward the first, who is a conservative George Bush Sr. appointee:The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017CNN s Jake Tapper asked McConnell if Congress would be willing to make the ban law, which would make the legality at least a bit less questionable. McConnell wanted nothing to do with it. I don t know that that s necessary,  McConnell told CNN s Jake Tapper on  State of the Union  Sunday.  I mean, the courts are going to decide whether the executive order the President issued is valid or not, and we all follow court orders. Here s the video in its entirety:McConnell is sending a clear message to Donald Trump and it s one he won t like. Even in our hyper partisan Congress, McConnell is not willing to step out on a political limb just because Trump is a Republican. This isn t exactly bravery on McConnell s part, but it does show that perhaps impeachment might not be far behind. McConnell would much rather work with a President Mike Pence.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
2680, Kellyanne Conway Throws A MASSIVE Hissy Fit On Fox After Getting Caught Making Up Fake Terrorist Attack,"Unable to spew her lies and excuses on CNN, Kellyanne Conway appeared on Fox News instead on Sunday to defend her  Bowling Green massacre  remarks and lash out at her critics.During an interview with Chris Matthews on MSNBC last week, Conway referenced an investigation that occurred during the Obama Administration in order to Donald Trump s unconstitutional Muslim ban that he signed over a week ago and caused worldwide chaos ever since.Conway claimed that President Obama banned immigration from Iraq for six months after two Iraqi immigrants were caught plotting a terrorist attack and were arrested in Bowling Green, Kentucky. I bet it s brand new information to people that President Obama had a 6-month ban on the Iraqi refugee program after two Iraqis came here to this country, were radicalized and they were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre. It didn t get covered. Donald Trump used the same claim to defend his ban.However, Politifact pointed out that Trump s claim that his ban is the same is a lie.Trump said,  My policy is similar to what President Obama did in 2011 when he banned visas for refugees from Iraq for six months. The Obama administration in 2011 delayed processing Iraqi refugees for six months following evidence of a failed plot by two Iraqi refugees.Trump s executive order temporarily bars travel to the United States for all citizens from seven countries, and it is not in direct response to actions from citizens of those countries.Furthermore, Iraqi refugees were nonetheless admitted to the United States during the 2011 suspension while Trump has put an indefinite ban on Syrian refugees.We rate Trump s claim Mostly False.So Conway just got busted for lying. And she proceeded to lie more during her interview on Fox. They re masterminds, I had said that before,  Conway said.  I should have said plot or I should have just called them terrorists. I clarified immediately. I should have said terrorists and not massacre. I m sure it will live on for a week. First of all, switching words would make Conway s statement to Chris Matthews make even less sense. They were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green terrorists,  is how it would read.Second, Conway did not  immediately  correct her own claim. She waited 13 hours and by the time she corrected herself, her comments were all over the news. She literally made up a fake terrorist attack to justify Trump s travel ban.Conway called her critics  haters  and complained that she only misspoke by one word. I misspoke one word. The corrections in the newspapers that are attacking me are three paragraphs long every day. Seriously. And Trump supporters think liberals are  snowflakes. Kellyanne Conway s skin is just as thin as Trump s.Featured image via Yana Paskova/Getty Images ",0
2681, WATCH: Melissa McCarthy Adds To SNL’s Trump Admin Ridicule In GLORIOUS Sean Spicer Spoof,"Saturday Night Live is having a high old time ruthlessly mocking the governmental train wreck that is the fledgling, incompetent Trump administration. First, they returned Alec Baldwin to his role as Trump, and re-enacted his absolutely disastrous first two weeks in office. Then, they debuted Melissa McCarthy as White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer   specifically his bizarre meltdown where he scolded the press regarding Trump s continuing obsession with having a smaller inaugural crowd size than President Obama did.McCarthy appeared in an ill-fitting suit, much like the one Spicer wore to tear into the press during his very first official appearance as Press Secretary, and yelled and screamed, and even swallowed bunches of gum, in a mockery of the report that Spicer has a problem where he eats and swallows copious amounts of Orbit cinnamon gum daily. As he does this, McCarthy/Spicer says: I m here to swallow gum and take names! When challenged by a reporter at one point, McCarthy/Spicer took out a super soaker gun and shot the reporter with water. The spoof even had McCarthy/Spicer pick up the press podium and attempt to attack reporters with it. The erratic press secretary insisted on apology from the press for how they are treating Trump   and him: Apologize to me! That apology is NOT accepted! This is hilarious, but it is also scary, considering how close it is to the person who is currently serving as the actual White House Press Secretary.Watch the clip below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2682, Alec Baldwin Returns To SNL To Blast Trump’s Humiliatingly Terrible Calls With World Leaders (VIDEO),"After what seemed like an agonizingly long wait, Alec Baldwin returned to Saturday Night Live after a particularly humiliating series of phone calls with world leaders in which Donald Trump somehow managed to start an international incident with Australia   a nation that has had our back since around World War I   and probably threatened to send troops to Mexico.Baldwin s Trump tackled (with the aid of a skeleton masked and robed President Steve Bannon) The Donald s calls with world leaders, including ones that didn t happen but should have. He also calls German Chancellor Angela Merkel (Trump would call her  President  based on his interactions with Australia s Prime Minister), who clearly desperately misses Barack Obama. He also tells her about his upcoming memoir:  My Struggle  (we ll let you Google the German translation for that if you don t already know it).The highlight of the cold open is Baldwin s call with Zimbabwe s President Robert Mugabe, who called tells  Trump : You think you are a real dictator? I will rip out your spine and drink from your skull! You cannot even walk down stairs, you little white b*tch! Don t you ever call Zimbabwe again! While Trump has not given him the courtesy of a phone call in the real world, Mugabe (the one who isn t played by Keenan Thompson) recently wondered if there are enough doctors in America to handle Trump, whom he says is Hitler s grandson.After Trump, with Bannon the dark specter who is really running the show whispering in his ear, had their fun, Bannon tells The Donald that s enough fun for tonight  and asks for his desk back. Yes, of course, Mr. President,  the orange-skinned puppet replies as he slinks off to play with his toys. Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2683," Democrat Examines Trump’s Latest Twitter Meltdown, Asks The ONE Question We Were ALL Wondering (DETAILS)","Donald Trump s presidency is still one of the most baffling train wrecks Americans have seen in a long time. If his racist, misogynist rhetoric and pathological lying weren t enough to raise concerns about, his Twitter activity alone should have prevented people from voting for him   and for those that had hope for him, he s been busy proving them wrong every single day since he got in the White House.He hasn t even lasted a month in his new role yet, and already people are scrambling to find ways to get rid of him before he destroys the country. With his massive amounts of inhumane executive orders and reckless handling of world affairs, Trump s mental competency is under scrutiny   and for good reason.On Saturday, Trump launched into one of his insane Twitter fits, and this time he was more incoherent than ever. He not only whined about  FAKE NEWS  and the New York Times, but he attacked the  so-called judge  who dared to block his disgusting Muslim ban. Oh, and let s not forget about the fact that Trump also shared a fake article about Kuwait, forcing the country to respond and the situation to erupt in chaos before the situation was corrected.Given the emotional roller coaster that the Trump presidency has already become in such a short amount of time, many people are calling for him to have a psychological review   and one of those people is Rep. Ted Lieu (D-CA), who took a look at Trump s Twitter tantrum and asked the question we ve all been wanting to know. Here it is: Should he get a mental health exam? Hell YES. A few hours later, Lieu fired back at Trump again for posting yet another weird, narcissistic tweet: his campaign slogan,  Make America Great Again. It would be in America s best interest if Trump were professionally evaluated. Lieu is not the only politician calling for a psychological review, either. Earlier this week, top Democrat Nancy Pelosi spoke out in support of having mental evaluations for presidents   which we all know would have destroyed every chance Trump had.Like him or hate him, Trump is not well and being in his role is not only dangerous for him, but for the rest of the world.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2684," Trump Lawyer LITERALLY Argued That Muslim Ban Shouldn’t Be Based In Reality, And Twitter Is LOSING IT (VIDEO/TWEETS)","If you had it in your head that the only defense for Donald Trump s Muslim ban is that we should completely ignore reality, you were more right than you knew. On Saturday out borders reopened after Judge James Robert blocked President Asterisk s Muslim ban, correctly pointing out that there is  no support  for The Donald s argument that we have to protect the U.S. from individuals  from the seven countries affected by the ban.Robert s decision, which also block the Trump administration from enforcing its limits on refugees, was celebrated nationwide as Trump and his allies stewed and our  so-called President  unleashed a ridiculous attack on the  so-called judge  who foiled his evil scheme. After learning about  checks,  our  unbalanced  President whined:The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017But here s the thing: even the Trump administration doesn t believe that their fear and bigotry-based attempt to keep members of an entire religion out of our country. I m also asked to look and determine if the executive order is rationally based,  Robart told Trump s attorney.  Rationally based to me at least implies to some extent I have to find it grounded in facts as opposed to fiction.  Trump s attorney s baffled the world, responding that the facts simply do not matter: Well Your Honor, we don t think you re supposed to look at whether it s rationally based. We think that the standard is facially legitimate. Seriously, she said this:The moment Trump lawyer tells judge Robart of travel ban: ""We actually don't think you're supposed to look at whether it's rationally based"" pic.twitter.com/u9PRy4cKGT  Rob S Silver Surfer (@RobPulseNews) February 5, 2017Robart is correct, as no one from Iraq, Syria, Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan or Yemen has committed a terrorist attack in the United States since 9/11. I m sorry, there s no other way to put it,  Robart said of the order.  It s Keystone Kops. It really is. And that s not just me speaking, that s Republican members of Congress.  Robart was referencing incompetent 20th-century cops who appeared in silent films early last century.Naturally, she is now the subject of widespread mockery.@spencerwoodman @EnterElysium where did that women get a law degree out of a cereal box  Resender (@Resender2be) February 4, 2017@spencerwoodman @KipperBedwas She's a career DoJ lawyer. She's forced to defend the indefensible. The judge confirmed 2x she did her job.  Bob Blaskiewicz (@rjblaskiewicz) February 4, 2017@spencerwoodman The administration would like to crack down on all rationally based thought, words or actions.  Citizen (@kathylun) February 4, 2017@spencerwoodman there you have it folks Trumps not interested in anything being RATIONAL which is why he is so irrational  judy (@endhomelesnes) February 4, 2017Amazing. Trump has Gov't arguing that his EOs do not have to be rationally based. Trump's next EO: Cows must say Bah instead of moo https://t.co/L8wJtnAeoA  (((ProfessingProf))) (@Professing_Prof) February 5, 2017Now that we have seen this, we know for certain that Donald Trump and his administration don t care about facts (or reality) at all   and Trump s policies reflect that.You can see more of the exchange below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2685, WATCH: CNN Host Delivers BLISTERING Smackdown To Trump – ‘He Ought To Show Some RESPECT’,"There s no love lost between CNN and Donald Trump, and CNN doesn t care. Jake Tapper regularly cuts Trump and his administration on his broadcast; the network has told the White House that they won t let Kellyanne Conway on their Sunday shows; and now, Michael Smerconish just tore Trump a new one for his childish tantrum over a federal judge halting his Muslim ban. Earlier today, Trump tweeted these three things:The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017The judge opens up our country to potential terrorists and others that do not have our best interests at heart. Bad people are very happy!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 5, 2017Yeah. Our so-called  president  called a Bush-appointed federal judge a  so-called  judge, and he s throwing a tantrum because said judge took his ball away after he threw it at someone else s head. CNN s Michael Smerconish really let loose: So-called judge? It s a federal judge appointed by President George W. Bush. I try and show the office of the president respect in the way that he ought to be showing respect for a member of the federal judiciary. And Trump refused to show that respect with these tweets. He insulted the entire judiciary branch, and also insulted his own office when he whined and cried and screamed that the judicial branch is doing its job. Watch Smerconish s takedown below:In addition to doing some basic reading on how the judicial branch works, he needs to stop pretending that we have no idea who s coming into the country simply because enforcement of his order has been halted. He s insulting the Department of State, Department of Homeland Security, and U.S. Customs and Border Protection when he says that. As altUSCustoms put it on Twitter:Halting enforcement of Trump s travel ban does NOT mean we suddenly have no idea who s coming into the country.  AltUSCustoms (@alt_uscbp) February 4, 2017We know who s coming in. We knew before, and we still know. Trump s insistence on saying we don t know is dangerous.  AltUSCustoms (@alt_uscbp) February 4, 2017And USCBP has not been rendered toothless and impotent because a federal judge halted his ban. THAT is just insulting to both CBP and DHS.  AltUSCustoms (@alt_uscbp) February 4, 2017Can the whole country stop pretending that Trump will ever be anything other than a lying, ignorant, entitled, spoiled little brat? He shouldn t be in charge of taking pictures at the DMV, let alone sitting in the White House.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images/screen capture",0
2686," In Shocking Interview, Donald Trump Admitted That Killing Political Enemies Is No Big Deal (VIDEO)","It s tough these days to keep track of exactly how many shadow governments are propping up Donald Trump. Steve Bannon is the de facto President. Mike Pence is reportedly the puppet master behind all the LGBT hate and anti-abortion positions. But let s not forget that the ultimate Trump puppet master isn t even an American, it s Russian President Vladimir Putin and on an edition of The O Reilly Factor that will appear on Super Bowl Sunday, Trump refused to say anything bad about Putin at all.Bill O Reilly is rarely the voice of reason, but this is a time of such absurdity that even Glenn Beck is warning us of the insanity of Trump. Still, compared to Trump, O Reilly is downright sane. Even he recognized the dangers of having Putin s hand up the you know what of the person who s supposed to be the leader of the Western World.In the interview, Trump was asked about Putin. He s still trying to claim that he never met the Russian leader, despite that being widely debunked. He once said that he met with Putin in Russia and the man  could not have been nicer.  When O Reilly talked about Putin, though, Trump played dumb: I do respect him, I respect a lot of people,  Trump says in a clip of the interview released Saturday.  That doesn t mean I m going to get along with him. Trump goes on to say that if Russia aids the U.S. in the fight against ISIS,  then that s a good thing. Source: Hollywood ReporterWhen asked about the fact that Putin is a killer, Trump merely shrugged it off and said that the United States isn t so innocent.O Reilly, host of Factor, retorts with about Putin,  he s a killer, though. Putin s a killer. There are a lot of killers. We got a lot of killers,  Trump says.  What, you think our country is so innocent? Here s the video:It s becoming increasingly more clear every day that Donald Trump absolutely loathes the United States. No, our country is certainly not innocent, but we don t have recent evidence of any of our presidents poisoning those who disagree with him. (The worst similar thing, that we know of, is the outing of a CIA agent who disagreed with Dick Cheney and the weapons of mass destruction claim). It s definitely not too early to rule that possibility out when it comes to Trump, though. The way he lashes out at anyone who dares say anything against him is straight from the playbook of a third rate dictator and Trump s puppet master Putin is far from just third rate. Watch for Trump to be following in Putin s footsteps and with tacit approval of killing political enemies, it s apparent that nothing is off limits for this new administration. Be afraid. Be very afraid.Featured image via video screen capture",0
2687, WATCH: Hypocrite Mike Pence Calls Democratic Obstruction Of Trump’s Supreme Court Nominee ‘Unprecedented’,"This is unbelievably outrageous.Republicans are literally pretending that the last eight years never happened.In February 2016, Justice Antonin Scalia passed away, leaving a vacancy on the Supreme Court that President Obama was responsible to fill. But Scalia s body was not even cold before Republicans vowed to block any nominee he selected for the position.And so, Republicans did just that and refused to even grant Merrick Garland a hearing despite the fact that he is a moderate centrist who enjoyed support from Republicans in the past.Republicans excused their unprecedented behavior by claiming that lame-duck presidents can t pick Supreme Court nominees and claimed that the American people should get a say in November about who should pick the next Supreme Court Justice.Th GOP has three problems here. First, President Obama was elected twice by the American people and therefore had the right to choose the nominee. Second, there is plenty of historical examples of presidents picking Supreme Court nominees and getting them confirmed during their final year in office. Ronald Reagan is one of them. And finally, the American people did not vote for Donald Trump, they voted for Hillary Clinton by nearly 3 million votes.So Trump definitely does not have a mandate and Republicans do not have any excuses for their obstruction.But Democrats certainly do have a really good excuse to block Trump s nomination of Neil Gorsuch to the high court. After all, Republicans created the new precedent last year by refusing to confirm Garland. Republicans literally stole a Supreme Court seat from President Obama and the Democratic Party.But Mike Pence claims that even threatening to obstruct Trump s nominee is  unprecedented. During a speech to the Federalist Society, Pence promised that Gorsuch  will pick up where Scalia left off.  In other words, he ll be a complete dick who wants to repeal every Supreme Court ruling that protects the rights of women, minorities, gay people, the environment, etc until this nation is taken all the way back to the 1850s.And then he said this. Several announced their opposition within minutes of his nomination, and now they re even threatening to use the filibuster procedure in the Senate to stop him. Make no mistake about it, this is an unwise and an unprecedented act .This seat does not belong to any party or any ideology or any interest group, this seat on the Supreme Court belongs to the American people, and the American people deserve a vote on the floor of the United States Senate. Here s the video via YouTube.Democrats should block Trump s Supreme Court pick at all costs. Turnabout is fair play and Republicans are hypocrites for whining about obstruction when they are the ones who totally disrespected President Obama and Merrick Garland in the first place. They only have themselves to blame for what Democrats are threatening to do and they have no right to complain after the way they acted last year. If Republicans wanted Democrats to cooperate with Trump, they should have thought about that before acting like complete traitors toward President Obama.Republicans wanted the Supreme Court to just have eight justices and that has lasted for a year now. It s time for Democrats to extend that wait to another four years. And if Republicans change the rules to force Gorsuch on the Supreme Court, Democrats should impeach him and Trump when they get control of Congress and show Republicans what the word  unprecedented  really means.Featured image via screenshot",0
2688, WATCH: White Grievance Queen Tomi Lahren Gets OWNED For Being Racist,"Tomi Lahren appeared on Real Time with Bill Maher on Friday night and got totally owned for spewing her racist bullshit.Bill Maher wondered if Trump would have been elected president had he been black instead of white. What do you think if Trump was black,  Maher asked his panel. Maher described a scenario where Trump is black and has had three wives and brags about grabbing women  by the p*ssy.  Would he still have been elected?Michael Eric Dyson s response was that black Trump would not even be running for president because he would be in prison.Indeed, black people end up in prison for doing a lot of the same shit white people usually get away with. That s why black people make up a larger portion of the prison population.No black person would have been elected president by acting like Trump.Lahren responded that it wouldn t have bothered her at all if Trump were a black man, which we all know is a complete lie. I don t think it would matter,  she said, drawing shock and outrage from the audience because even they knew Lahren was lying.Maher asked Lahren about the fact that over 60 percent of Republicans believe that discrimination against white people is as bad as discrimination against black people.Lahren tried to side-step the question but Maher repeated it again. Lahren then teeter-tottered in her answer, saying that there s an  element  of this that is true but appeared to admit that Republicans are wrong to make that claim.That s when Republican strategies Rick Wilson spoke up and absolutely nailed Lahren. Since I m a conservative and not a Trump person, let me say this,  Wilson said.  That s absurd. That s f*cking crazy. Here s the video via VidMe.Later on, Lahren blamed President Obama for the loss of coal mining jobs in this country. As we all know, President Obama sought to reduce and prevent the effects of climate change by issuing rules stopping the coal industry from polluting, but Lahren had the gall to defend Republicans for recently repealing those rules. So once again, the coal industry will be able to dump waste in waterways.Maher argued that these coal miners could be trained to do other kinds of jobs, such as renewable energy jobs that are safer for workers and better for the environment. Lahren treated the coal miners like they are incapable of learning to do something new, as if they were all marked to be coal miners at birth.Once again, Rick Wilson shut her down. There s a kind of hazy nostalgia with Trump s plan,  We re going to have ironworks and shipyards and coal miners,  Wilson said.  These are things   we might as well get our buggy-whip industry back together again. It s this retrospective, fake past that doesn t exist anymore. And, God bless them, they work their asses off, and you know what, natural gas took their jobs, not Barack Obama. Here s that video via VidMe.Tomi Lahren just could not hack it and it was obvious to everyone who watched the show.Featured image via screenshot",0
2689," Howard Stern Says Trump Is ‘Pissed’ That He Won, Has A ‘Sensitive Ego’ (AUDIO)","Donald Trump is apparently really angry that he won the election in November because he only wanted more money from NBC and didn t want his fragile ego to get shattered.Longtime Trump friend Howard Stern talked about his buddy on Wednesday and had a lot to say.And Trump is probably going to hate it because the truth hurts.Stern says that he warned Trump against running because if he wins the presidency it will take a toll on his mental health because his ego is so  sensitive. I personally wish that he had never run. I told him that because I actually think this is something that is going to be detrimental to his mental health He really does want to be loved, he does want people to really love him, that drives him a lot. I think he has a very sensitive ego. Indeed, we witness Trump s fragile ego every time he tweets in retaliation of someone criticizing him. Saturday Night Live and Alec Baldwin have been targeted in particularly because they have satirized him relentlessly.Stern then explained that Trump is desperate to be adored by celebrities and is only lashing out at Hollywood and the press because he loves them so much but the feeling isn t returned. He s now on this anti-Hollywood kick. He loves Hollywood. First of all, he loves the press. He lives for it. He loves people in Hollywood. He only wants hobnob with them. All of this hatred and stuff directed towards him. It s not good for him. It s not good. There s a reason every president who leaves the office has grey hair. Finally, Stern revealed that Trump is not happy at all about actually winning the presidency. As many people claimed during the election, Trump apparently did want to lose to Hillary Clinton. The only real reason Trump ran for office was to force NBC to pay him more money to come back and host  The Apprentice.  And that s why Trump wants voter fraud investigations, so he can be forced out of office without quitting. He just wanted a couple more bucks out of NBC, and that is why Donald is calling for voter fraud investigations. He s pissed he won. He still wants Hillary Clinton to win. He s so f*cking pissed, he s hoping that he can find some voter fraud and hand it over to Hillary. Wait, NBC could have prevented this disaster from taking over the White House had they just opened their wallet a little more? Seriously?! Well that explains why Trump is angry at NBC all the time. Clearly, it s not just because of Alec Baldwin and SNL.Here s the audio via YouTube.Howard Stern has known Trump for decades so if he says something about him we should believe him. Trump s ego is fragile and he is desperate for everyone to love him. And he did appear to do everything possible to lose the election. If Trump doesn t want to be president there is nothing wrong with resigning. However, if Trump really wants to be loved by everyone, he can make that happen by moving our country forward instead of taking it backwards. He can start by revoking his executive orders and putting people in charge of government agencies who are not racist anti-government extremists. Removing Steve Bannon would also help. Instead of tearing down President Obama s legacy, Trump should build upon it. If he is truly as good at building things as he claims, this shouldn t be hard for him to accomplish.The presidency would be easier and he would get the love he has been seeking.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
2690, Trump Goes On UNHINGED Early Morning Twitter Tirade; Attacks Federal Judge Over Muslim Ban,"One of Donald Trump s most controversial campaign promises was his  total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.  Now that the power of the presidency is his, Trump tried to do just that last weekend. However, the executive order that enacted the Muslim ban was poorly rolled out, bypassed scrutiny by the agencies charged with enforcing it, and caused protests to erupt nationally and internationally. Further, everyone saw it for what it was: the unconstitutional religious test for entering the United States that Trump had promised on the campaign trail.After a slew of judges struck down parts of the ban, one federal judge, appointed by President George W. Bush, James Robart of Seattle, struck the whole discriminatory policy down. Of course, this didn t sit well with Trump, and he did as he always done with confronted with any sort of criticism or challenge whatsoever, and went on an absolutely crazy Twitter tirade against Judge Robart early Saturday morning. Here are Trump s latest nutty tweets:When a country is no longer able to say who can, and who cannot , come in & out, especially for reasons of safety &.security   big trouble!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death & destruction!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 4, 2017Of course, Trump s claims that other countries agree with his ban are patently false. There are protests around the world regarding his bigoted and un-American policies and rhetoric. He has only been in office for two weeks, and has already diminished America s standing in the world greatly by trying to whitewash America and shut out immigrants.Though entirely predictable, Trump s reaction here is highly problematic. He is clearly unraveling at the protests and criticisms against him, and having actual judges rule against him is just too much. What will be really interesting to see is whether or not Trump tries to see how he can remove this judge, just as he did with the Acting Attorney General who said that his Muslim ban was indefensible in court.This man is a literal fascist, America, and we are witnessing his slow destruction of our democracy as we speak. #RESIST.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2691, CNN Just Told Kellyanne Conway To Go F*ck Herself In The BEST Way Possible (TWEETS),"Vice President Mike Pence chose to appear on ABC, NBC, CBS and (of course) Fox News this Sunday, but is snubbing CNN following the Trump administration s announcement that surrogates will not appear on networks that do not  promote  his agenda.CNN reached out to the White House and according to a spokeswoman they were offered Trump s propaganda minister Kellyanne Conway, the woman responsible for  alternative facts  as an alternative to  lies  and the infamous Bowling Green Massacre that killed the credibility of anyone remotely associated with Donald Trump.Now CNN could have taken what they were offered, but this is a woman who spends the majority of her time screaming about  fake news  and attacking anyone who confronts her with anything resembling a fact. Because of this, CNN did what everyone should do and told Conway to f*ck off.Brian Stelter, host of CNN s  Reliable Sources,  tweeted Friday that  In lieu of Pence, the W.H. offered Kellyanne Conway for an interview, but CNN declined. Per a CNN spokeswoman: In lieu of Pence, the W.H. offered Kellyanne Conway for an interview, but CNN declined https://t.co/qVDgi5jWOa  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) February 4, 2017Stelter recently questioned whether any news organization should allow Conway to run her mouth in a tweet promoting his column on the Bowling Green Massacre.  Some critics say TV networks should think twice before booking Kellyanne Conway,  he said.  What do you think? Some critics say TV networks should think twice before booking Kellyanne Conway. What do you think? https://t.co/u1qBe0Xd9r  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) February 3, 2017He s probably on to something. Kellyanne Conway is entertaining, but she is a fact checker s worst nightmare in that they need to rest sometimes. Limiting her exposure may save lives that would otherwise be lost to exhaustion and sleep deprivation.Featured image via screengrab",0
2692, Trump Administration IRATE After Judge Halts His Muslim Ban AGAIN (TWEETS),"Following a Boston judge s refusal to renew the temporary stay on Trump s Muslim ban, a federal judge in Seattle issued a stay that applies to every port of entry in the entire nation. That s all the entry points along the northern and southern borders, as well as every airport that has incoming international flights, and anywhere else people enter the U.S.And, of course, the White House is livid, because how dare the judicial branch tell them what they can and cannot do?! Sean Spicer issued an outraged tweetstorm in response to the judge s order:Statement on WA court ruling:  At the earliest possible time, the Department of Justice intends to file an emergency stay of the order (1/5)  Sean Spicer (@PressSec) February 4, 2017(2/5)and defend the executive order of the President, which we believe is lawful and appropriate. The president s order is intended to  Sean Spicer (@PressSec) February 4, 2017(3/6) protect the country and he has the constitutional authority and responsibility to protect the American people. As the law states,  Sean Spicer (@PressSec) February 4, 2017(4/6)  Whenever the President finds that the entry of any aliens or of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental  Sean Spicer (@PressSec) February 4, 2017(5/6)to the interests of the United States, he may by proclamation, and for such period as he shall deem necessary, suspend the entry of all  Sean Spicer (@PressSec) February 4, 2017(6/6)aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants, or impose on entry of aliens any restrictions may deem 2 b appropriate.  Sean Spicer (@PressSec) February 4, 2017U.S. Customs and Border Protection has already said that it will reinstate visas from the blacklisted countries, and likewise has already informed airlines of that fact. This isn t sitting well with an administration that thinks it can do whatever it wants simply because Trump  is the president.  White House attorneys even said: Every President over the last thirty years has invoked this authority to suspend or impose restrictions on the entry of certain aliens or classes of aliens, in some instances including classifications based on nationality. Yeah, no, not like this. When it was done before, it was done with caution, with extensive counsel, in response to very specific and known threats, and they weren t out-and-out bans. Trump s order is very broad, did not include much in the way of the necessary consultations, and is not in response to any specific threat. It s based on paranoid lunacy, actually. If they re going to invoke history, they should actually go and read history.There s a lawsuit against Trump over this order, and the disparate rulings between Seattle and Boston may well send this case to the Supreme Court. The Seattle ruling says: The executive order adversely affects the states  residents in areas of employment, education, business, family relations and freedom to travel  In addition, the States themselves are harmed by virtue of the damage that implementation of the Executive Order has inflicted upon the operations and missions of their public universities and other institutions of higher learning, as well as injury to the States  operations, tax bases and public funds. These harms are significant and ongoing. But Trump and his minions have no idea how to work within the laws of this land, let alone consider the consequences of anything at all. He is acting as a despot king, and his clones specifically Sean Spicer and Kellyanne Conway see it the same way to the point where they lie through their teeth and get outraged at anyone they think should blindly follow them for having ideas of their own.Spicer ought to shut his mouth, along with everyone else, and let the big kids handle this.Featured image by Andrew Harrer via Getty Images",0
2693, Trump Wanted To Attack The LGBTQ Community; Jared And Ivanka Said Hell No (DETAILS),"Earlier in the week, there were leaked draft executive orders circulating that would strike President Obama s executive order protections for LGBTQ federal workers. There were also rumors that Donald Trump would sign a sweeping, broadly worded  religious freedom  bill into law that would effectively legalize discrimination nationwide. However, Trump and his famously homophobic vice president, Mike Pence, ran into a road block: Trump s kids. Specifically, his son-in-law Jared Kushner and his daughter Ivanka Trump.Jared and Ivanka have long been seen to be the reasonable, moderating influences that are needed to calm Trump s impulsive, erratic temperament. It appears that this is what happened here. Ivanka and Jared see all of the fear and the protests in the streets against Trump, and they feared that there would be even more national and international backlash against Trump s bigotry via executive order. Therefore, there was a complete reversal on these orders.Of course, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer outright lied when asked about it. He insisted that these orders were just a couple out of hundreds that were being considered. Then, of course, a statement was hastily rushed out, saying that the Trump administration is  determined to protect the rights of all Americans, including the LGBTQ community. Considering all of the virulently anti-LGBTQ people Trump has around him   namely Mike Pence   I don t believe that for so much as a second. If Ivanka and Jared can keep Trump s hands away from the LGBTQ community for the time being, though, all the better. Hopefully it will hold until 2018, and we manage to take Congress back, thus crippling the amount of damage Trump and Pence can do until they are out of office.While their reasons were political rather than noble, at this point, it s better than nothing.Featured image via Aaron P. Bernstein / Stringer/Getty Images",0
2694, Alec Baldwin Just TRASHED President Bannon And His ‘Dim-Witted Second’ Donald Trump (TWEETS),"Donald Trump is terrible, and we are reminded of this daily   but after a week of disastrous foreign policy flubs and embarrassing gaffes related to Fredrick Douglass and terrorist attacks that didn t happen, Alec Baldwin was, as usual, there to blast The Donald for his idiocy. Trump is, quite simply, a man who was never embraced by his hometown, by NY society. Not even middle-of-road Repubs. Always peripheral,  Baldwin said as he began his assault.  Now he aims, out of spite, to destroy everything they hold dear. For Trump and Bannon, the question is always,  What will drive liberal NY crazy?' 1-Trump is, quite simply, a man who was never embraced by his hometown, by NY society. Not even middle-of-road Repubs. Always peripheral.  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) February 4, 20172- now he aims, out of spite, 2 destroy everything they hold dear. For Trump and Bannon, the ? is always,""What will drive liberal NY crazy?""  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) February 4, 2017The actions of President Bannon and tangerine puppet Donald Trump have been unstable at best, including diverting federal funds to pay for their stupid wall, threatening to send troops to Mexico, messing up relations with Australia (the  easy mode  of diplomacy), and threatening war with Iran via Twitter.Baldwin says that there is a positive to the horrifying the actions of the Trump administration: they present an opportunity to  prove, once again, the greatness of our country: that this racist maniac (Bannon) + his dim-witted 2nd cannot bring us down. Maybe this will prove, once again, the greatness of our country: that this racist maniac (Bannon) + his dim-witted 2nd cannot bring us down  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) February 4, 2017But, he points out, there is a downside   soon the world may tire of our quickly-growing array of racist and otherwise bigoted policies and stop accepting travelers from the United States   something that could be uncomfortable for men like Eric Trump, who just wasted $100k of your money traveling to Uruguay for business.I wonder if a world-wide tourism ban against the US is next.  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) February 4, 2017The idea of a travel ban is not out of the question. Iran recently responded to Trump s Muslim ban, which includes Iran, by prohibiting U.S. wrestlers from coming to their country for the freestyle World Cup. Training comes to a halt. We re like  OK, what do we do now? Where do we go? Where do we compete?'  wrestler Jordan Burroughs said on Friday.  I m just bummed. I love Iran. I love their people, and I don t get into politics. I wasn t going to make a political stance. I was going to compete. These decisions, these executive decisions, are always so far beyond your reach,  Burroughs says.  Like, you always feel like  Well, the presidency or these strict laws or these Muslim bans or whatever you like to call them, they ll never affect me.  This is one of the few times where something so personal has occurred. Almost like it (was) handed down from the president to us. It s a bummer. Donald Trump is bad for America, and his policies are hurting everyone, but at least we can count on Alec Baldwin to occasionally give us a little levity (and, of course, send Trump into some of his more epic tantrums).Baldwin hosts Saturday Night Live on February 11. Mark that date on your calendars because it s going to be epic.Featured image via screengrab",0
2695, Trump Supporter Uses Patton Oswalt’s Dead Wife To Attack Him And Gets Righteously FIRED From His Job,"Again, when will conservatives learn that their hateful social media activity can cost them their employment?Because a real estate agent in Peoria, Illinois learned that the hard way this week after he viciously attacked comedian Patton Oswalt on Twitter for posting in support of former Deputy Attorney General Sally Yates after Yates was fired by Donald Trump for refusing to enforce an unconstitutional Muslim ban.Trump:  You leave this White House now!  Sally Yates rides bus to city. Becomes a taxi dancer. Leads dance revolt against pimp. Triumphs.  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) January 31, 2017Apparently, that was enough to set off Trump supporter Tony Brust, who proceeded to attack Oswalt with a series of tweets that have since been deleted. I Tweeted out a very positive, very benign Tweet in support of Sally Yates, and her risky stand on principle, which cost her her job,  Oswalt recounted on Facebook.  The realtor s response Tweet was along the lines of,  Oh, the nasty little troll has another opinion. Stick to show business and shut up.  I m paraphrasing. Another person who hates my Twitter feed s content who nevertheless follows me. I Tweeted out something in support of someone. He reacted with immediate disgust and offense. Fine, whatever. Oswalt has dealt with hateful Trump supporters before so he is used to ignoring them. Except this time, Brust decided to make things incredibly personal and actually used Oswalt s deceased wife to attack him. I m a psychic and I m channeling his wife s opinions,  Brust wrote in response to one Twitter user who asked everyone to stop having opinions.Needless to say, the remark was a deep stab to Oswalt, who was not having a good day.His wife Michelle McNamara had passed away not even a year ago and he is still dealing with the pain of his loss.As soon as Brust posted his comment he had made a serious mistake as Twitter users were quick to inform Brust s employer of how nasty he was being on social media. Not only was this Twitter exchange very public, Brust was using his professional Twitter account to do it.Would ve happily ignored Tony Brust if he hadn t sent THIS Tweet. But he did and it caught me at a dark moment: pic.twitter.com/yflAMuSAqo  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) January 31, 2017At that point, Oswalt began trolling Brust, and at some point, he noticed that Brust had removed his social media accounts. And then Oswalt discovered that Brust s employer had posted a notice on the company website making clear that they did not want to be associated with him and the nasty things he said.I saw that other people were giving him shit about the  dead wife  joke. I figured it was going to blow up in the poor slob s face without zero help from me. In the morning, his account was gone. He d closed it down (I assume). He d also closed down his Facebook profile and professional page. And then the realty company he worked for posted a message to their website about how Mr. Dead Wife Joke did NOT represent their company and that he was no longer employed by them.Indeed, the Chicago Tribune tracked down Michael Maloof, owner of the real estate agency, and learned that Brust had been fired. We were made aware that this had gone on and we parted company,  Maloof said.So here we are once again. Another Trump supporter/racist/conservative has been fired and he only has himself to blame. Rather than just simply disagree with Oswalt and move on, Brust chose to publicly harass a celebrity. He attacked Oswalt in a way that threatened the reputation of his employer. Because while businesses don t really care about the political affiliations of the employees, they definitely care about what their employers say and how they say it in public. The Internet is forever and while Brust deleted most of his tweets, he wasn t able to erase every one of them. And now he is unemployed for being a total dick.Conservatives have previously been fired for publicly attacking Michelle Obama using racist remarks, which cause all sorts of problems for businesses because business owners care about their reputation and image. How employees represent themselves can have positive or negative effects on the business.But since Donald trump took office, his supporters have been emboldened to say and do things that disgust the rest of civilized society. And they actually believe they can get away with it without consequences just because Trump has taken over the White House.As Oswalt concluded in his Facebook post, Trump supporters are wrong to think that way.The main thing that Trump supporters are excited about, now that he s president? Is that finally, at LOOOOOONG LAST, all of the awful things they want to say, that used to lose them friends and jobs and marriages? They re EXCITED about potentially getting to say them with ZERO repercussions. Just like Trump did. All the way into the White House. All the way into unlimited, forever power to spew any awful shit that comes to your head and no one dares correct you, rolls their eyes, or punches you in the nose.But I m afraid Peoria Realtor is going to be the first in a long line of Trumpers who will realize, on the other side of firings and divorces and black eyes, that Trump s Teflon Umbrella covers Trump and no one else.Featured image via YouTube",0
2696, Donald Trump Is Even Making Enemies Of The Koch Brothers; Here’s Why,"Since Citizens United, and even before, two names have been consistent Republican stalwarts and Republican donors. Before Donald Trump, it was apparent that the Republican party was owned by the Koch brothers and Walmart, both of whom are ardent supporters of free trade and cheap labor. Now, Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan are making enemies of both, and the Republican party is in turmoil.In June, before Trump was even elected, Republicans began their war on imports by sketching a  blueprint  for tax reform that would make imports a lot more expensive, and these days, pretty much everything you and I buy is an import.Trump didn t love Congress  original plan, but his plan would add a 20 percent import tax to imports from Mexico. The Kochs and Walmart aren t happy about that.The GOP confusion is mirrored by a scrambling of alliances on K Streets that hasn t been seen in living memory.  Trump more than any president I ve seen has created a little bit of chaos within some client rosters. He s not afraid to pit people against each other,  said one lobbyist who has clients that may wind up on both sides of the issue. When that happens, lobby shops will have to pick which side they re on. But as long as it s just a vague concept, that reckoning can wait.  Theres no legislative text. We don t have a conflict until we have a bill,  he said.Corporate America has had plenty of intramural matches over the years. But rewriting the tax code is a dozen Super Bowls played all on the same day. Manufacturers, including Boeing, Caterpillar, Honeywell and pharmaceutical companies, have quickly organized to praise the border tax. Retailers, including Walmart, Target and Kohl s, are trying to kill it. They re joined by right-wing megadonors Charles and David Koch. In December, Koch Industries   which imports crude and tar sands oil to be refined in the United States   said the House GOP plan would  adversely impact American consumers by forcing them to pay higher prices on products   they use every single day.  Prices at the pump, they have warned, would skyrocket, and nothing gets a member of Congress  attention faster than the flipping numbers at an Exxon station.Source: Huffington PostThis puts Congress in a tough spot, and as liberals, we should be grabbing the popcorn. The Kochs and the Waltons (Walmart heirs) are huge GOP donors and in return, they expect that wages will be kept low (Republicans are still happy to accommodate), regulations will be kept to a minimum (again, Republicans are on board) and imports will be kept cheap.While this infighting is great for us and ultimately, for the country (the Republican party will be hurting without their cash, which will increase our chances of regaining Congress and state houses in 2018), it does put us in a weird position. Defending the Kochs and Walmart is pretty much against everything we stand for, but they also have their fingers on the pulse of red state America. As Americans start paying a premium for their Bounty paper towels and Walmart crap, people will start to revolt, and thanks to the Kochs and the Waltons, they ll know who to revolt against.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
2697, U.S. Taxpayers Were On The Hook For Trump’s Corruption Before He Was Even Inaugurated,"Ethics? Divestment? We ve known for awhile that these two words are alien to Trump and his family, but until recently, we didn t really have a solid example of the corruption that this would sow within the administration. Now we do   in early January, Eric Trump took a short trip to Uruguay to promote the Trump Organization, and we taxpayers were left on the hook for a lot of the cost.Eric Trump, being Trump s immediate family, gets Secret Service protection like his daddy. So we, the taxpayers, paid for hotel rooms, flights, and incidentals for the Secret Service to be there protecting Eric while he ate at beach-front restaurants, mingled with presumably important real estate brokers, and went to an ultra-exclusive party. We re on the hook for roughly $100,000 right now.Some will say that s nothing compared to Obama s supposedly extravagant vacations. Some will say that even if it s not government business, a little here and there won t hurt (especially compared to how many taxpayer dollars they re just certain Obama wasted on himself). Those who make these claims will be ignoring one very important fact: Obama wasn t using taxpayer dollars to pay for his own and his family s protection while he was busy promoting a commercial enterprise that is supposed to be 100 percent separate from the government.There s a word for this: Corruption. Political corruption, by definition, is a government official (or the entire government) using public resources for private gain. Or, as the Washington Post put it: In this case, government agencies are forced to pay to support business operations that ultimately help to enrich the president himself. Trump has been in office for a whole two weeks, and Eric went to Uruguay before he took office. Even so, as the President-elect at the time, it was still on us to pay for the Secret Service, and for the U.S. Embassy in Uruguay to have staff at the hotel for this  VIP visit.  It s not unusual for family members to travel independently of the president, but when was the last time a president s family members used public dollars to promote private business interests?This is sick.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
2698, Trump Tweets ‘We Must Keep Evil Out Of Our Country’ So Americans Tell Him To Get The Hell Out (TWEETS),"On Friday, Donald Trump embarrassed himself with a tweet, as is becoming a daily ritual, that was so stupid that seemingly all of Twitter could not help but come together to mock the orange sh*tgibbon in the White House. Trump continued his anti-Muslim tirade by reaching deep inside himself and tweeting  We must keep  evil  out of our country . We must keep ""evil"" out of our country!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2017To even the most casual observer, it is obvious that Trump is referencing his Muslim ban, which was an effort to keep people of one specific religion from entering our country   and, of course, that the word  Islam  was intended to fill in the quotes. Americans responded to The Donald s latest dogwhistle by asking him when the f*ck he s going to be stepping down and leaving our country.@realDonaldTrump cool, so when are you packing up?  Tim Wrobel (@Timotato) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump so get out of our country!  Jonathan Boucher (@jonbouch) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump this evil? pic.twitter.com/8TuxpkBA8I  Mike Denison (@mikd33) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump when are you leaving?  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) February 3, 2017Maybe look at the white supremacists groups @realDonaldTrump? There's a lot of ""evil"" there to rid America of!  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) February 3, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Then get the fuck out of my country, stop dismantling its institutions, and stop emboldening Nazis.  Starkles (@dcstarkey) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump 65 million of us tried to do that.  John Pavlovitz (@johnpavlovitz) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Putting it in inverted commas means you're using 'evil' as a euphemism. Let's try and guess what word you actually mean.  Lissa Evans (@LissaKEvans) February 3, 2017Oh shit, he's leaving! @realDonaldTrump  Steven Bonnell II (@OmniDestiny) February 3, 2017.@realDonaldTrump So you'll resign and live in exile?  Brooklyn Spoke (@BrooklynSpoke) February 4, 2017Even anonymous stopped by to say hello to our Tweeter-in-Chief:Don, hows it feel to know most of your supporters like Bannon more than you, how's his hand feel up your ass, you puppet. @realDonaldTrump  Anonymous?  (@YourAnonCentral) February 3, 2017Don the only evil in your country is you @realDonaldTrump when are you packing your bags? You are a big loser. Big! pic.twitter.com/qxQvxhgggN  Anonymous?  (@YourAnonCentral) February 3, 2017Why is evil in quotation marks @realDonaldTrump, why are you subtweeting us you weak ass mother fucker. @ us like a real man. ?  Anonymous?  (@YourAnonCentral) February 3, 2017The Trump administration has not had a good time of it lately. From completely making up a terrorist attack and blaming Muslims for it to f*cking up relations with Australia, a country that has had our back always since World War I, to threatening to send troops to Mexico, the Trump Team has done nothing but make our country less safe by antagonizing our allies and enemies alike in his selfish quest to satisfy his overinflated and undeserved ego   all while empowering the Ku Klux Klan, Nazis, and other  real Americans  who want their 1950 s America back.To most of us, that is the true  evil. Featured image via Getty Images(Joe Raedle)/screengrab",0
2699, Sweden OPENLY Makes Fun Of Trump On Twitter With All-Female Signing Pic; It’s AMAZING,"If you haven t noticed by now, Donald Trump has been signing a lot of executive orders, and the scene usually looks something like this:WASHINGTON, DC   JANUARY 23: (AFP OUT) U.S. President Donald Trump shows the Executive Order (Photo by Ron Sachs   Pool/Getty Images)Most of the pictures are of Trump surrounded by a bunch of men. One of the orders even reinstated  the global gag rule on overseas discussion of abortion by individuals and organizations receiving federal funding. Needless to say, Trump is no friend to women. After all, he s admitted to being a sexual predator. So, in response to all these obscenely male-dominated photos, Sweden just trolled Trump back with an image of their own.Isabella L vin, Sweden s Deputy Prime Minister, who is also Minister for International Development Cooperation and Climate, tweeted out: Just signed referral of Swedish #climate law, binding all future governments to net zero emissions by 2045. For a safer and better future. Just signed referral of Swedish #climate law, binding all future governments to net zero emissions by 2045. For a safer and better future. pic.twitter.com/OqOO2y8BU6  Isabella L vin (@IsabellaLovin) February 3, 2017If you ll notice, that photo is all women, and in the same positioning as several photos that have been taken of Trump signing orders that include all men.And while it s not for certain that this was taken to troll Trump, it definitely seems to be the case.So, if you thought it was just most of the women in the United States that think Trump is ridiculous, you can clearly include most of the rest of the world with that, too.Well played, Sweden!Featured image by Kevin Dietsch via Getty Images",0
2700, Kellyanne Conway Says Trump Should Be Treated With The Respect He Deserves (AUDIO),"Whiny White House advisor Kellyanne Conway does not like how the media treats her illegitimate president, Donald Trump. She s continuing her crusade against the First Amendment. Interestingly, she, President Steve Bannon, and Trump, have treated the press very badly, yet they feel they should get favorable coverage anyway. Conway appeared on Sean Hannity s radio show, and talked about how mean the press is to Donald.Hannity asked Conway if the media at large was being  beyond disrespectful  to Trump and his staff, according to Mediaite. Conway agreed then said that the coverage was  inciting mob mentality if not mob violence. The coverage never changed [of Trump]. It never progressed, it never matured,  Conway said.Conway said she thought protesters had  a very low level of literacy  of the issues against which they demonstrated, when the truth is that her boss s grammar sits at just below a 6th grade level. It never took on the aura of respect that it deserved, and if you are not showing the President and his main spokespeople respect, then you re not showing the office respect, and you are inciting mob mentality if not mob violence,  she said.  You are encouraging people to go out there and unpeacefully protest and block airport entrances for people who are going to visit a sick parent and can t make their flight, or are going for a bereavement call and can t make their flight. Listen below:People are treating Donald with the respect he deserves. Protesters know exactly why they went to airports across the country. People were being unconstitutionally detained and handcuffed, even children. Conway said at the time that the whole idea that these people are being separated from their families is  temporary.  She called it an  inconvenience.  So, Kellyanne, just consider the treatment Trump is getting an  inconvenience,  and something that is  temporary  until his impeachment.She literally complained that the press is being mean to Donald to a Fox News host who treated former President Barack Obama like dirt for 8 years . Quit being so PC, Kellyanne. Conservatives tell me it s destroying our country.Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images.",0
2701, Over 40 Percent Of America Supports Impeaching Donald Trump,"President Trump has started his presidency out in the worst possible way: His inauguration turnout was dismal; his most controversial executive action has been halted; his cabinet is facing confirmation troubles; his approval rating is at an historic low; and now, 40 percent of the American public supports impeaching him.A new poll released by Public Policy Polling shows that, while 4 in 10 support his impeachment, only 48 percent do not. Twelve percent are (still) unsure at this point.That s not a lot of wiggle room. That s actually close to evenly split.The most fascinating parts? The 40 percent mark is up five points from where it was just a week ago. Also, the poll found that 3 percent of Trump voters want to see him impeached.According the analysis:Usually a newly elected President is at the peak of their popularity and enjoying their honeymoon period after taking office right now. But Donald Trump s making history once again with a sizable share of voters already wanting to impeach him, and a majority of voters wishing they could have Barack Obama back.The poll also found that the overall impressions of President Trump continue to remain negative, with 52 percent of the American public viewing him unfavorably, and 45 percent viewing him favorably. These numbers are almost identical to a recently released poll from CNN, which show his disapproval rating at 53 percent.Rep. Joaquin Castro, a Democrat from Texas and potential Senate candidate for 2018, told Buzzfeed that, should President Trump and his administration continue to defy the judge s ruling regarding the Muslim ban stay, House Democrats would be looking at possible impeachment. Senator Dick Durbin echoed Castro s warnings.While Republicans wanted to impeach President Obama for supposedly being a Marxist Muslim, Democrats (and independents alike) want to impeach Trump for violating the Constitution and a federal judge s order.To think, in only two weeks, forty percent of the country is in favor of removing their president from office. Perhaps Republicans should be taking notice. After all, 2018 is right around the corner. And history shows that the more unpopular a president is, the more his party suffers in the midterms.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
2702, WATCH: Fox News Literally Praises Last Jobs Report Under President Obama As Economic Win For Trump,"Fox News insulted President Obama one last time by crediting Donald Trump for the good January jobs report.Every time a positive jobs report was released during President Obama s eight years in office, Fox News found something to criticize and even claimed that the numbers were being faked.They desperately claimed that the economy was terrible under Obama and refused to acknowledge that jobs were being created in this country at a record-breaking pace never seen in this country before.But on Friday, Fox News lavished praise upon Trump and giddily discussed the January jobs report released this week that shows 227,000 new jobs were added to the economy last month.Fox & Friends host Heather Nauert hailed the report as  the first jobs report under President Trump  and called it  fantastic news. Great news on the jobs front this morning,  she added before letting everyone know that this is something Trump can brag about.Here s the video via Media Matters.This is absolutely hypocritical of Fox News. Prior to this report, President Obama oversaw a record 75 consecutive months of job growth in the United States and Fox refused to give Obama credit for this incredible economic achievement. But they are perfectly willing to give Trump all the credit in the world for a single jobs report.And that jobs report is not Trump s achievement. It s President Obama s.Not only is Fox News being hypocritical propagandists as usual, they are totally wrong about it.According to Media Matters,University of Chicago economist Austan Goolsbee, a former chairman of President Obama s Council of Economic Advisors, pointed out that the  reference week  for the latest jobs data ran through January 12, meaning the entire report predates the Trump administration by over a week. Washington Post reporter Glenn Kessler, who runs the paper s fact-checking research, also noted that the report  still reflects the Obama administration.  Fox also neglected to mention that the report marks 76 consecutive months of job growth   the longest on record   for Obama.In short, this jobs report should be credited to President Obama, which means his streak of consecutive job growth now stands at 76 months.Media Matters also pointed out that Fox News whined about an even better jobs report in February 2015 that showed 257,000 jobs were added, much better than the report issued this week. But Fox chose to nitpick by complaining that unemployment had increased by 0.1 percent, which just so happens to be the same percentage increase in this January jobs report Fox is praising as an economic victory for Trump.And that s not all.In October of that year, Fox & Friends stumbled through a news alert in which a host claimed the economy created  only 271,000 jobs   last month  even though that report, like the data released today, also beat expectations. Last January, Fox s spin was to claim that 292,000 new jobs was  modest by historical standards,  though it was well over this month s 227,000. And in April 2016 the network parsed the jobs data to conclude that a report showing 215,000 new jobs was unimpressive because 47,000 of those were allegedly low-quality retail positions   yet Nauert made no such comment about the 46,000 retail jobs included in today s report. As Election Day drew near, Fox & Friends falsely claimed that steady jobs data for October 2016 were  underwhelming  and spun the news as a boon for Trump s presidential candidacy.So Fox News is literally changing the way they cover jobs reports, thus proving that they are Trump s and the Republican Party s propaganda machine. This is what fake news actually looks like.For 76 months, Fox News trashed every positive jobs report to make it look like President Obama was overseeing a weak economy. The fact is, however, that President Obama is one of the strongest economic presidents in our nation s history.Featured image via Myside s Spew",0
2703, Trump Gets Laughed Off Twitter For Claiming That All Protesters Against Him Are Paid Thugs,"Donald Trump is either really desperate to make it sound like everyone loves him or he s totally delusional.Because ever since inauguration day, millions of Americans have been participating in protests against him and his disastrous administration.The Women s March of Washington DC not only dwarfed Trump s inauguration crowd by a landslide, it was joined by people around the globe.And the protests haven t stopped.They continued outside the White House as Trump watched  Finding Dory  while worldwide chaos continued due to his Muslim ban. It s been two weeks since Trump took office and he has already been protested and hated by more people than any other president in history.But Trump took to Twitter on Friday morning to claim that all the protesters are just  thugs  who have been paid to protest him, suggesting that the protesters really love him and are only protesting to make some money.Professional anarchists, thugs and paid protesters are proving the point of the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2017And protesters responded by laughing at him..@realDonaldTrump I was in the march on D.C. , where national guard helped us; can you let me know where to get my check? ;-) pic.twitter.com/HUJH8A4f93  Dr. Craig Malkin (@DrCraigMalkin) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump yes, yes I know; it s all part of a George Soros conspiracy that no protestor seems aware of.  Dr. Craig Malkin (@DrCraigMalkin) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump I protested peacefully this week. I did it because I despise your policies. Didn t know I could get paid. Will do it again.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump I ve said this before, but please let me know how we re getting paid, because so far I ve been doing this pro bono.  Alex Zalben (@azalben) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump also, everyone I know is protesting you for free, spending large chunks of time to stop you and your anarchist agenda.  Alex Zalben (@azalben) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump  it s almost as if we  just throwing it out there  don t like you?  Alex Zalben (@azalben) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump What qualifications to professional anarchists need and what s the pay like?  Neil Claxton (@MintRoyale) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump great point! Let s talk votes and the millions more who voted against you. Just about 3M more than the votes for you ??  Jose Andrade (@jandrade) February 3, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You re letting the actions of a handful overshadow the legitimate concerns of the 65 million people who voted for Hillary?  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 3, 2017.@realDonaldTrump There were several hundred thousand if not a million people in your back yard for #WomensMarch.Zero arrests.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 3, 2017.@realDonaldTrump So to make your case by handpicking a few bad actors out of the millions of protesters nationwide is disingenuous.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump where did you get info they are being paid?  Evan Rosenfeld (@Evan_Rosenfeld) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump so which of these tweets was a lie? pic.twitter.com/8tyVjCTDjx  talia jane (@itsa_talia) February 3, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Hard to pay all the people at the Women s March. You remember, the one that had better attendance than your inauguration.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) February 3, 2017Donald Trump is a thug who brought a band of thugs to the White House with him to terrorize the American people and destroy our nation. He is an embarrassment who thinks protests and dissent should be silenced.And that s why we should turn up the heat by protesting him more.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
2704, Arkansas Republicans Pass Bill Giving Rapists The Power To Stop Victims From Getting An Abortion,"A vicious new law in Arkansas proves that Republicans are on the side of rapists.Two months ago, Republicans fast-tracked a brand new anti-abortion bill through the legislature and Governor Asa Hutchinson signed it last week.Arkansas Act 45 bans the most common and safest abortion procedure available to women known as dilation and evacuation, which is used for abortions performed during the second trimester. That means Arkansas Republicans are openly defying the framework set up by the Supreme Court in Roe v. Wade which says states can t interfere with a woman s right to choose until the fetus becomes viable. 50 percent viability rate is achieved at 24 to 25 weeks. But the new law would ban safe abortions after 14 weeks and creates a burden for women because it forces them to choose less safe options to end their pregnancies.Doctors who perform the abortion procedure would be charged with a felony that carries a $10,000 fine or six years in prison.But the bill also has a terrifying clause that rapists are going to love.The bill gives rapists the power to deny their victims an abortion if they sue the abortion provider.According to The Daily Beast,A clause in the Arkansas law allows a woman s spouse, parent or guardian, or health care provider to sue an abortion provider for civil damages or injunctive relief that could stop the abortion. And because Act 45 does not provide any exceptions for cases of rape or incest, the clause could allow the fetus s father to sue an abortion provider even in cases of spousal rape or incest.Some lawmakers, like Democratic state Senator Will Bond, had a problem with the bill because the way it is drafted seems to allow any family member of the pregnant woman to file a lawsuit to stop the abortion and could actually end up severely disabling women who are forced to choose a riskier abortion procedure. There is an injunctive relief section in the bill that, in my reading of it, would seem to allow litigation among family members. If one spouse sought injunctive relief to prevent a certain procedure, or possibly other family members have the possibility for injunctive relief, that was a concern of mine. There is an exception for women s health in the bill, but it required irreparable harm [to the point of] permanent disability of a woman. The way it was drafted, I had concerns that the women s health exception is way too narrow, and there s no exception for rape and incest. The fact that rapists have a new tool to use to torture their victims is totally unacceptable and demonstrates that Republicans are totally anti-woman.Of course, these kinds of bills have been blocked in other states, so it s likely this one will be blocked from going into effect as well. But women cannot rely on the courts to protects their rights. They need to vote and kick Republicans out of office if they truly want to guarantee that government will not try to dictate what decisions they make about their own bodies.Featured image via Woman Survival",0
2705, Nancy Pelosi Backs BOMBSHELL Legislation That Could Kick Trump Out Of Office (VIDEO),"Donald Trump hasn t even been president for a month, and already Americans (and the world) are extremely concerned about the future of this country. One of those people is Nancy Pelosi, the highest ranking Democrat in the House of Representatives, and she delivered a few stunning comments recently in condemnation of Trump s terrifying choice of Steve Bannon for the National Security Council.Bannon is well-known as a white supremacist, and Pelosi wasn t afraid to call him just that. While Republicans have sugar coated and flat-out lied when it comes to Trump s disgraceful behavior and choices, Pelosi pointed out the severity of the situation when she blasted Trump for this reckless decision.Stating that she was in full support of GOP Rep. Jason Chaffetz s idea to require presidents to pass a mental evaluation, Pelosi said she  can t wait  until this is actually a reality: What s making America less safe is to have a white supremacist named to the National Security Council as a permanent member while the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs and the Director of National Intelligence are told,  Don t call us, we ll call you. You re no longer permanent members.    It s a stunning thing that a white supremacist, Bannon, would be a permanent member of the National Security Council   You probably are aware of this, but I found it intriguing that House Oversight Committee Chairman [Jason] Chaffetz told the Washington Post that he was weighing legislation that, in essence, says that if you re going to have your hands on the nuclear codes, we should probably know what mental state you re in. I can t wait until he introduces that legislation to be able to join as a cosponsor of that   I think it s a very good idea. We all know that if Trump were required to pass a mental exam, he would be done for. He lacks the temperament, the intelligence and the focus to make logical, sound decisions and he is far more preoccupied with defending his tiny hands and inauguration crowds than improving the country. Pelosi is far from alone in being concerned about Trump s mental state   most of Americans (and many psychologists) agree that he needs an evaluation, ASAP.You can watch Pelosi s remarks below:Featured image via Win McNamee and Pool / Getty Images",0
2706, The World Mocks Trump After He Threatens Iran With War Via Twitter (TWEETS),"Before most of us were awake, Trump was busily focusing on solving the world s problems, diligently working to provide a better life for every American was busy moving his thumbs to tweet out more of his unhinged ravings. Iran is playing with fire   they don t appreciate how  kind  President Obama was to them,  Trump tweeted.  Not me! Iran is playing with fire   they don't appreciate how ""kind"" President Obama was to them. Not me!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2017Trump seems to be referencing an Iranian official rightfully mocking him as an  extremist  who has alienated the majority of Americans and regularly engages in groundless ranting.  These remarks come after Trump put the country  ON NOTICE  via a mean tweet:Iran has been formally PUT ON NOTICE for firing a ballistic missile.Should have been thankful for the terrible deal the U.S. made with them!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2017Naturally, the people of the internet jumped on Trump s latest attempt to destabilize the world via Twitter:.@realDonaldTrump This is not how foreign relationships work, you rotting carcass of derangement and deception.  Lauren Duca (@laurenduca) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump you are the worst at diplomacy. Please stop.  Jack Slater (@Jack_Slater) February 3, 2017.@realDonaldTrump This is the way the world ends Not with a bang but a tweeter  Oliver Duggan (@OliDuggan) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump It wasn t  kind.  It s called diplomacy. You don t understand because you re a narcissistic bully endangering us all.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump you don't use these words in a Tweet when you are seconds away from a suitcase which can end the world.  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump The Iraq war was a costly, destabilizing disaster. Not sure that a sequel is in our best interests.  Don Moynihan (@donmoyn) February 3, 2017.@realDonaldTrump it's called diplomacy, Donald. You know, things that leaders of nations do with one another to avoid war and death.  Nader (@BonsaiSky) February 3, 2017.@realDonaldTrumpTwo things I know:-I am infinitely more qualified than you to be president-I am wholly unqualified to be president  [email protected] (@ScratchPolitics) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Does Bannon whisper instructions at you like a shoulder devil or does he control you like a ventriloquist puppet?  TechnicallyRon (@TechnicallyRon) February 3, 2017.@realDonaldTrump you're going to get everyone killed. Just stop it.  Darren Bell (@darren_bell) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Oh my God you're going to bring about the end of the world. This is how it happens.  Jeremy Botter (@jeremybotter) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump your childish attitude to foreign affairs is likely to lead to a world war. You are unfit for office  Steve Clark (@steveclarkuk) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump ""Almost everything went wrong"" because our novice POTUS spends too much time on Twitter being a bully. pic.twitter.com/GTEzuRjpHw  John Harris (@YahyaJohn) February 3, 2017@realdonaldtrump The President of the United States is on Twitter trash talking Iran. Unbelievable!  Mary Wooten (@mfwooten1) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump stop threatening war on twitter you fucking moron  Jeff Lewis (@ChicagoPhotoSho) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Trump is playing with fire   he doesn't appreciate how many Americans see through his bullshit and want him impeached  Salandar #RESIST (@lizsalandar) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Yesterday Iran was ""Put on Notice"", and today they're ""Playing with Fire"" here comes 4 years of cheesy expressions.  Christopher Buck (@StopherBuck) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Sure, antagonise a country that is fighting ISIS.  Zak Pullen (@zak_pullen) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump What're you gonna do, champ, drop some more commandos into a mine field?   j/o power & assoc.  (@bizmarkiedesade) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump Is this guy really the President? Really? 62m thought THIS was a good idea. Really? Embarrassing.  kevinchesters (@hairychesters) February 3, 2017@realDonaldTrump FYI, Iran is 1300 miles North East Yemen. So, make sure that you have smart enough bombs to not hit the wrong country!  Mohamed Alabsi (@Mohamed_Alabsi) February 3, 2017Over this past week Trump has started numerous diplomatic fires, threatening to send troops to Mexico to deal with  bad hombres  and somehow managing to f*ck up relations with Australia, one of our closest allies. When you hear about the tough phone calls I m having, don t worry about it,  Trump recently told the crowd at the National Prayer Breakfast.  We have to be tough.   We re taken advantage of by every nation in the world, virtually. It s not going to happen anymore. Trump s horrible attitude has plunged the United States into an uncertain period of turmoil in which he is lashing out at everyone   including our allies   to satisfy his gigantic and undeserved ego. Think about it: the leader of the free world just openly threatened hostile action toward another nation via Twitter.This is bad. Really bad.Featured image via Getty Images(Win McNamee)/screengrab",0
2707," South Park Creators GIVE UP, Say Donald Trump Is Too Stupid For Their Show To Mock (VIDEO)","The 20th season of South Park was largely centered around Donald Trump s campaign, with the show heavily mocking him at every turn. But there was a problem, according to the show s creators   it just wasn t funny compared to the actual stupid things The Donald (and his administration) does. It s tricky now because satire has become reality,  Parker recently told Australian TV show 7.30, adding that Trump is always eight steps ahead of them in terms of wacky behavior: It s really hard to make fun of and in the last season of South Park, which just ended a month-and-a-half ago, we were really trying to make fun of what was going on but we couldn t keep up and what was actually happening was much funnier than anything we could come up with. Parker says that in future seasons, the intend to  back off and let them do their comedy  while the pair do theirs because Trump is just too hard to mock.In a world where the Trump administration has threatened to invade Mexico, started an international incident with Australia, and even invented a term intended to normalize lies    alternative facts    it s easy to see their point. No matter how hard anyone tries, the Trump team somehow manages to stay one step ahead of comedy.Watch Stone and Parker discuss the difficulty of mocking Trump below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2708, WATCH: Kellyanne Conway Blames Muslim Refugees For Massacre That LITERALLY Never Happened,"Is there some reason that the media feels the need to keep talking to Kellyanne Conway? One would think her time on the news shows was over when she called lies  alternative facts,  but no. It s not, so she s still out there making outrageous claims and talking about things she knows nothing about.Thursday night, she appeared on MSNBC s  Hardball With Chris Matthews,  and, in trying to demonize both the press and Muslim refugees as strongly as possible, she said that two Iraqi refugees were responsible for a massacre here in the U.S.Wait, which massacre did these two Iraqi refugees carry out?Why, the one at Bowling Green, of course.Are you still wondering what massacre she s talking about? You re not alone. The reason the press never covered the Bowling Green massacre is because it never happened. Ever. At the hands of Muslims or other terrorists or anyone.And yet, she said it on national television. While she was talking about President Obama s non-ban on Iraqi refugees coming to the U.S., she literally said: President Obama had a six-month ban on the Iraqi refugee program after two Iraqis came here to this country, were radicalized, and were the masterminds behind the Bowling Green massacre. Her assertion is that most people don t know about it because the press didn t cover it. Seriously. You can t make this up. Watch below:Kellyanne Conway lambastes the media for ignoring the  Bowling Green Massacre,  which doesn t exist (via @joesonka) pic.twitter.com/8AUxX5ZymO  Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) February 3, 2017Okay, so, that s a short clip, and it could easily have been taken out of context.So, for context, here s what happened: Matthews grilled her about executive orders in general, and whether or not it s kosher to be firing government employees who object. He also asked her about federal employees, who swore to uphold and defend the Constitution, and whether they signed a petition. Conway seems to believe that employees ought to put up and shut up, or walk.She said that everyone knew what they were getting with this new administration, but when Matthews brought up whether the president has a right to insist that his employees agree with him. She went into extreme vetting, countries that harbor, train and export terrorism.At that point, she brought up the non-existent Bowling Green massacre, and then spoke about the attacks in Brussels, Paris, and elsewhere in Europe. Then she talks about  looking the other way  with radical Islamic terrorism.In other words, the context doesn t change the fact that she completely fabricated a massacre to justify Trump s Muslim ban. You can watch the full video here.Did she flat-out lie about this, or is she really just that stupid? Vox might have an answer: In 2011, two Iraqi refugees, Waad Ramadan Alwan and Mohanad Shareef Hammadi, were arrested in Bowling Green, KY, on federal terrorism charges. Allegedly, they had been plotting to send money and weapons back home to Iraqi insurgents. Someone needs to publicly shame her on the air for bullshit like this: There was no massacre at Bowling Green; there were never any plans for a massacre at Bowling Green or anywhere else courtesy of these two, and there was never a ban on Iraqi refugees because of these two.Vox s Zach Beauchamp says it s possible she was referencing a haunted house called Bowling Green Massacre.Regardless, she made a massive fool of herself last night, along with the administration she works for. We always knew she was ridiculous, but this is just beyond the pale.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
2709, Department Store Chain Drops Ivanka Trump Like A Bad Habit As Daddy F*cks Over Our Country,"Donald Trump s presidency may be going great for him and his best friend Vladimir Putin, but his daughter s bottom line is really taking a pounding from his authoritarian policies. Yes, Daddy s little girl was likely hoping   like the rest of her family   that she would be able to use her father s position to make a lot of money, but things aren t working out quite that way.Nordstrom was recently targeted by the  Grab Your Wallet  campaign, which encourages people to avoid shopping at any stores that do business with the Trumps. Bloomberg reports that the department store chain has elected (like other businesses) to stop selling Ivanka Trump s brand this season based on abysmal sales. Whether this was because every single one of her products, like every member of the Trump family, save Barron, is terrible, or because of the boycotts cannot be said for sure, but in any case, her products have already disappeared from the retailer s online store. Some products will remain on the shelves for now, but they will be gone as well. In this case, based on the brand s performance, we ve decided not to buy it for this season,  the company said in a statement. Grab Your Wallet co-founder Shannon Coulter says she is  thrilled  with Nordstrom s decision to drop Ivanka Trump. Though some Trump supporters are threatening their own boycott if Nordstrom drops Ivanka s sh*tty merchandise, they can t expect much sympathy from the company. In an email to employees, co-president Pete Nordstrom said that the concept of  if people don t buy it, we won t sell it  applies in this situation.Though the company says the decision is sales-driven, it is entirely possible that they just want to distance themselves from Ivanka, who has already attempted to use her father s presidency to push her products. Her company sent a  style alert  to journalists Monday promoting a bracelet that Ivanka wore during an interview with  60 Minutes  about her father   a clear sign that the Trumps know nothing about avoiding conflicts of interest:As Donald Trump continues to threaten to send troops to Mexico, f*ck up diplomatic relationships with countries that have been our strongest allies since World War I, waste our tax dollars on his stupid wall, and attempt to discriminate against an entire religion solely based on his own bigotry, we can expect his daughter s brand to continue to suffer   as well it should.Featured image via Boston Globe",0
2710, Hawaii Republicans Punish Female Party Leader For Criticizing Trump At Women’s March,"Republicans in Hawaii punished the first female House Minority Leader for putting country before party.Prior to and after the election, state Rep. Beth Fukumoto took a stand against Donald Trump. She criticized him for his treatment of women and minorities and refused to blindly follow Trump.Criticism is a form of free speech, but Fukumoto is now being punished for exercising her constitutional rights by her own party.Fukumoto served as the House Minority Leader of the Republican Party in the state legislature, but no longer holds that position after her party punished her for criticizing Trump at the Women s March last month. They told me they would keep me in this position if I would commit to not disagreeing with our president for the remainder of his term,  Fukumoto explained during a speech on the House floor.  Mr. Speaker, I m being removed because I refused to make that commitment, because I believe it s our job as Americans and as leaders in this body to criticize power when power is wrong. Indeed, dissent is an American value, especially when the president is acting like petulant child tyrant.Fukumoto was told by a Republican colleague that as House Minority Leader, her first duty should be to the party. You are speaking not for yourself anymore,  Rep. Bob McDermott responded.  It is a high-level responsibility. And he is totally wrong.The first duty of any American in public office is to the country and the people, not the interests of the party. Putting party and power first is selfish and blinds lawmakers to seeing what is best for the nation.McDermott repeatedly argued with other Republican women in the state legislature and Fukumoto was replaced as House Minority Leader by a male lawmaker.Fukumoto told KHON that she expressed her concerns about Trump during the Women s March the day after the inauguration. The Republican Party is getting increasingly hostile to different opinions. If you followed what happened at the state convention, I got booed for about 10 minutes straight for raising concerns about President Trump, then nominee Trump, and the way he treated women and minorities in many of his remarks. I, at the time, had said this is not, this should not reflect our party I repeated those sentiments at the Women s March last week.And since then, there have been many calls for my resignation, and my caucus members have raised concerns about whether or not that means I m a Republican, whether or not that means I m fit for leadership, whether or not that means I should even be an elected official. My caucus has asked me to stop speaking out about Trump and to make a commitment. They ve said they ll keep me as minority leader if I make a commitment not to speak out against Trump for the remainder of his term. I don t think that s our job as elected officials, even more so, I don t think that s our job as citizens. So Fukumoto is now reaching out to her constituents asking them if they would be okay with her joining the Democratic Party.Here s the video via KHON.Fukumoto should not have been punished for criticizing Donald Trump. But Republicans increasingly believe that anyone who criticizes them and their policies should be punished, the Constitution be damned.The fact that Republicans replaced Fukumoto with a man speaks volumes about how much Republicans value women and it s an insult that should be answered with protests and a landslide victory for Democrats at the ballot box for generations until Republican learn to respect women, the country, and the Constitution that they claim to hold so dear.Featured Image: YouTube",0
2711, The Best Way To Get Rid Of ‘President Steve Bannon’ Is With Articles Like This,"Donald Trump was once a Democrat, but that s no more. Donald Trump was once pro-choice, but not now. Donald Trump didn t used to hate LGBT people but that was before he ran as a Republican. There is one enduring trait that has remained consistent for as long as America has known Donald Trump, though: he is a narcissist. When his ego and his vanity are threatened, he does something about it.Despite this, on Saturday, Trump promoted senior advisor, former Breitbart head and neo-nazi, Steve Bannan to head the National Security Council, making him arguably the most powerful man in Washington. Many are now calling Bannon the  de facto president  and the actual president:But a new executive order, politicizing the process for national security decisions, suggests Mr. Bannon is positioning himself not merely as a Svengali but as the de facto president.In that new order, issued on Saturday, Mr. Trump took the unprecedented step of naming Mr. Bannon to the National Security Council, along with the secretaries of state and defense and certain other top officials. President George W. Bush s last chief of staff, Joshua Bolten, was so concerned about separating politics from national security that he barred Mr. Rove, Mr. Bush s political adviser, from N.S.C. meetings. To the annoyance of experienced foreign policy aides, David Axelrod, President Barack Obama s political adviser, sat in on some N.S.C. meetings, but he was not a permanent member of the council.Source: New York TimesThe New York Times wasn t the only paper saying that Steve Bannon was now the most powerful man in the country:GQ magazine carried an article that states,  In Case It Wasn t Clear Yet, Steve Bannon Is Our President. Politico ran with  The man behind Trump? Still Steve Bannon.  And Foreign Policy writes about  President Bannon s Hugely Destructive First Week in Office. This is a good thing. Trump wears his Achilles heel on his poorly tailored sleeve. It s hard to imagine that he s the great deal maker he claims when it s so clear that he can be led by no more than his ego. You stroke Trump s ego, you re solid, you threaten it, you re the enemy. He s fired people who disagree with him. He hung up on the Prime Minister of Australia   Australia. Since the election, Trump has bragged about his electoral victory, calling it a landslide. It wasn t. He s battled back and forth over the obvious fact that his inauguration was an attendance disaster.If we want to get rid of the neo-nazi that s secretly running the White House, it s actually pretty easy. We need to keep writing and sharing articles like this. Our biggest weapon against Trump is to appeal to his ego. Trump can t even resist obsessing about an unflattering Saturday Night Live parody   something that every president since Gerald Ford has had to endure. There s no way in hell he will put up with being demoted to second in charge in Washington, so we need to keep telling him that that s exactly what he is. Bannon will be gone within a month.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2712, Republicans Are Frantically Trying To Fix Trump’s Foreign Relations Disaster With Australia,"Republicans are desperately trying to fix Donald Trump s latest foreign affairs trainwreck. On Saturday, Trump actually hung up on the prime minister of Australia after a heated phone call. Now, GOP senators are left to clean up the mess he has made with one of our oldest and closest allies.The call between Trump and Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull was scheduled to last an hour, but after about 25 minutes Trump declared that their conversation had been  the worst call by far  and hung up the phone. As details of the call began to make headlines, Trump threw another tantrum and sent out this tweet:Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2017Sen. John McCain released a statement on Thursday which said he had called Ambassador Joe Hockey and tried to smooth things over. I called Australia s Ambassador to the United States this morning to express my unwavering support for the U.S.-Australia alliance,  McCainsaid.McCain said that he asked Hockey to convey to the people of Australia  that Americans honor the sacrifice of the Australians who have served and are serving by our side, and remain committed to the safer, freer, and better world that Australia does far more than its fair share to protect and promote. In his statement, McCain noted that the U.S. and Australia have fought on the same side since World War I. He added that the countries  alliance is  more important than ever  right now. In short, Australia is one of America s oldest friends and staunchest allies. We are united by ties of family and friendship, mutual interests and common values, and shared sacrifice in wartime,  he said.Sen. Bob Corker said he has also contacted Australia s ambassador to echo McCains words. Corker, who is the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, spoke to Hockey on Thursday and stressed the importance of the alliance between the U.S. and Australia. Just got off the phone with Ambassador @JoeHockey. We discussed the important and long-lasting alliance between our two countries.  Senator Bob Corker (@SenBobCorker) February 2, 2017 Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2713, Radio Stations Around The Country Hacked To Play YG’s ‘F*** Donald Trump’ Song (VIDEO),"Radio stations in multiple states have been playing YG s  Fuck Donald Trump  song ever since the man-baby s inauguration because of a hacker. Trolling level: expert. A South Carolina radio station which typically plays oldies and beach music on Monday said it had been hacked to play the anti-Trump song, according to BuzzFeed.In a message to fans of Sunny 107.9, President Frank Patterson of the Lake Keowee Broadcasting Group wrote that the station had been hacked. This is NOT our broadcast!  Patterson wrote on Monday.  We at WFBS do not take political views! The FCC and WFBS are working to fix this situation ASAP. On the same day as Trump s inauguration, a radio station in San Angelo, Texas, which typically plays R&B oldies played the Anti-Trump song. The station couldn t figure out how to turn the song from repeatedly playing.Stations all over the country have reported the same thing, even a Spanish-language station in Tennessee. Another station in Evansville, Indiana and one in Louisville, Kentucky. OK, not funny. some one [sic] has hacked into out [sic] transmitter tower, and the FM was playing a mp3 clip repeatedly of %$^# Donald Trump,  Crescent Hill Radio wrote on Facebook on Jan. 20, the Courier-Journal reports. We disagree. It is funny. The song played on a loop for 15 glorious minutes until the station s manager figured out how to shut it down.A pirate radio station in Seattle has been intentionally looping the song for a week straight.Seattle radio station 101.9 is playing the song fuck Donald trump on loop #InaugurationDay2017  David Cleckley (@dclex_) January 21, 2017Watch:One station told Heat Street that they figured out finally how to cut the  NASTY  song off. You know what s really nasty, though? Disallowing kids, women and men who are trying to flee from terror into our country to gain safe harbor. What s really nasty is targeting minorities and the LGBTQ community. Taking away healthcare from millions of people is nasty.Fuck Donald Trump.Image via screen capture. ",0
2714, Poll: Majority Of Americans HATE Trump’s Unconstitutional Executive Orders,"While President Trump s approval rating continues to fall to embarrassing ans unprecedented levels, new polling has come out that shows dismal numbers of support towards his hateful, unconstitutional executive orders.According to Gallup Polling, the majority of the American public has an unfavorable view towards Trump s most controversial orders, including the ban on immigration refuge from seven majority-Muslim countries.Here s what the poll found:The poll also found that President Trump s approval rating 43% while his disapproval rating stands at 52 percent, a net negative 9 points. Only 41 percent of independent voters approve of Trump s performance as president, along with 83 percent of Republicans.Almost half of America believes Trump is acting  too fast  in his first days in office.Simply put: Trump is (still) hated by the American public and so are his most controversial executive actions. The only people that seem to like him are the Republicans that voted him in. Still, over one-sixth of the GOP doesn t seem to like him at this point.As Gallup s analysis concludes:Trump is not enjoying the type of honeymoon that the American public accorded his predecessors in their first weeks in office. Trump s initial job approval rating was the lowest in Gallup history, and a majority of Americans continue to disapprove of the job he is doing. No other president going back to Dwight Eisenhower had majority disapproval in his first several months in office. A majority of Americans, in similar fashion, disapprove of several of the high-visibility executive actions Trump has taken within his first 10 days in the White House.This polarization of opinion most likely reflects not only Trump himself   his style and the actions he has taken   but also the prevailing political environment today.The only thing Trump cares about is how people feel about him. His numbers aren t getting better, and they have   for the better part of two years   been embarrassingly low (in the mid forties).Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2715," Trump F**ks Up His First Raid, Gets Navy Seal KILLED For the DUMBEST Reason (DETAILS)","Donald Trump already has blood on his hands. Over the weekend, Trump ordered his first raid and somehow managed to completely f**k up what was supposed to be a very straightforward operation. Thanks to his carelessness and trigger-happy nature, Trump got a Navy SEAL killed.The raid was on al Qaeda in Yemen, and Trump decided to go through with the raid even though he did not have sufficient intelligence, ground support or adequate backup preparations.  Because of Trump s literal lack of intelligence, U.S. Navy SEAL William  Ryan  Owens was killed, as well as many other non-combatant civilian deaths. According to Reuters, about 30 people, including 10 women and children, were killed.  And of course, Trump managed to screw things up so badly that no militants or prisoners were taken in during this process.As more details came in about this mess of an operation, it was discovered that Trump decided to go ahead with the raid without even doing the most minimal preparations. It was reported: U.S. military officials told Reuters that Trump approved his first covert counterterrorism operation without sufficient intelligence, ground support or adequate backup preparations. As a result, three officials said, the attacking SEAL team found itself dropping onto a reinforced al Qaeda base defended by landmines, snipers, and a larger than expected contingent of heavily armed Islamist extremists. And as expected, guess who Trump and his team are blaming for this? Former President Barack Obama. According to a White House official, the Obama administration had signed off on the raid last month, but delayed it for  operational reasons.  An official said: The decision was made   to leave it to the incoming administration, partly in the hope that more and better intelligence could be collected. But of course, Trump and his team didn t bother to collect more information before proceeding, especially since Trump truly believes that he is  like, a smart person.  Unfortunately, he s not smart enough to know he should gather current information before pressing green on a raid.Trump now has the blood of a U.S. Navy SEAL on his hands, but don t expect him to take accountability for it. This could have been avoided and should have ever happened. Unfortunately, it will probably happen again because Trump and his team are too incompetent to learn from their mistakes.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2716, Trump’s Gonna HATE This New Poll: More Americans Want Obama Back Than Want Him Now (DETAILS),"In what will surely send Donald Trump into a new Twitter tirade, a new poll from Public Policy Polling (PPP) shows the majority Americans longing to have President Obama back, and overwhelmingly not liking Trump.According to the poll: Less than 2 weeks into Donald Trump s tenure as President, 40% of voters already want to impeach him. That s up from 35% of voters who wanted to impeach him a week ago. Only 48% of voters say that they would be opposed to Trump s impeachment.Beyond a significant percentage of voters already thinking that Trump should be removed from office, it hasn t taken long for voters to miss the good old days of Barack Obama 52% say they d rather Obama was President, to only 43% who are glad Trump is. President Obama was loved by the United States, and for as many haters as there were, there were far more that loved and appreciated his true leadership and love of country over himself. The same can t be said of Trump.Check out this tweet that garnered over 1.6 million likes:It's been the honor of my life to serve you. You made me a better leader and a better man.  President Obama (@POTUS44) January 20, 2017And then this one:I won't stop; I'll be right there with you as a citizen, inspired by your voices of truth and justice, good humor, and love.  President Obama (@POTUS44) January 20, 2017The man isn t only loved, he s beloved.Trump, on the other hand, throws out mean revenge tweets like their going out of style. And most of the responses to his tweets are condemning his actions. To be blunt   the man is not liked much at all. Sure, he has he band of merry minions who would likely drink paint if Trump told them to, but he lost the popular vote by 3 million vote to Hillary Clinton. And the only reason he is president is due to an archaic Electoral College that was devised to give power to slave owners who counted their slaves as 3/5 of a person, and help those in rural communities have a voice. It s no longer needed and the nation doesn t want Trump nor his backhanded style of egomaniacal leadership.It seems, if given the opportunity, the United States would have President Obama back in a heartbeat. If only that were possible.Featured Photo by Alex Wong, Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2717, WATCH: Congressman Invokes Impeachment Power On House Floor In Response To Trump’s Muslim Ban,"Donald Trump s executive order barring people from entering the United States from seven countries in the Middle East exposed his violation of the Emoluments Clause of the Constitution.And a House Democrat took him to task for it on Thursday during a speech on the House floor.When Trump signed the executive order last Friday, he targeted people traveling for nations that are not responsible for any deaths of American citizens on American soil, despite claiming that his order is meant to protect Americans from terrorists.Trump even invoked 9/11 to justify the order, but left countries off the list where many of the hijackers came from, such as Saudi Arabia, which also helped fund them and their operation.The nations Trump conveniently left off the list also have something else in common. They all have business ties with the Trump Organization.In other words, Trump is a complete hypocrite and is making foreign policy decisions based on whether they will hurt his family s business or not.And Wisconsin Rep. Mark Pocan absolutely hammered Trump for it on the House floor with a devastating speech. These countries were excluded from the executive order despite being home to many of the terrorists who carried out 9/11,  Pocan pointed out.  I m not saying we should ban people from these countries. I firmly oppose any ban based on nationality or religion. But it is unacceptable that business interests have played potentially a role in such a destructive policy, a policy that also makes our country less safe in the long run. Pocan explained that Trump s business interests in the countries left off the list influenced his decision to not include them even though Trump repeatedly declared that he would make America safe by blocking nations where terrorists come from to attack us. Trump clearly believes that maintaining his business interests are more important than banning travel from Saudi Arabia, the country where most of the 9/11 attackers were from and received their funding. It s time for the president to stop defending his divisive and unconstitutional executive order and start being transparent about his business interests,  Pocan said.  Every president in the modern era has released tax records to ensure the American people that their actions will not be impacted by financial holdings. Indeed, Richard Nixon was the first president to release his tax records to the public, and that set a precedent that all presidential candidates have followed over the decades. Trump broke that precedent and refused to release his taxes because he is hiding his numerous business connections with nations like Russia that would expose him and his treachery to the American people. Trump now says he won t release his taxes at all despite promising that he would do so after an audit is completed, even though an audit does not prevent someone from releasing their tax records.Pocan then demanded that Trump release his taxes, divest himself from his company, and repeal his executive order or else face legislative action, including the possibility of impeachment. Mr. President, it s time for you to fix this. One, divest your business holding immediately to remove any suggestion of conflicts in your decision making. Two, show us your tax returns so financial interests are transparent to the American people. And three, get rid of your unconstitutional executive order, which will make us less safe and only serve to embolden our enemies. Short of that, we ll have to take other actions, including legislative directives, resolutions of disapproval and even explore the power of impeachment. The Speaker then whined about Pocan threatening impeachment as if Republicans hadn t been calling for impeaching President Obama over the last eight years.Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump is a liar and a traitor who is putting his business interests ahead of the best interests of the American people. Not only should he be impeached, his entire administration should be removed. And Democrats could get the chance to do exactly that if Americans vote in 2018 to take the House away from the Republican majority.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2718, Canada’s Trudeau Throws MAJOR Shade At ‘Grizzly Bear’ Trump; It’s GLORIOUS,"Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is a diplomatic, nice guy   unlike his American counterpart, Donald Trump. While speaking on the issue of how to deal with Trump, Trudeau was able to show class and grace, while still throwing major shade at the bombastic, bumbling American president. Trudeau s low-key handling of Trump could cost him with his progressive base at home, but given Trump s penchant for retaliation, going after Trump explicitly could be harmful to Canada s economy, given the fact that they export so many products to our country.While speaking on Trump, Trudeau said: Why poke a grizzly bear while it s having lunch? Trump has just got into office and he is formulating his economic plans. This is clearly a departure from the closeness Trudeau had with President Obama. Their adorable bromance and open and affectionate friendship is surely something that will not be duplicated with Trump. Those familiar with the situation on how Trudeau may handle Trump acknowledge that no one quite knows what to do with him at this point. One source said: He is totally unpredictable. Of course, this isn t the first time Trudeau has thrown passive aggressive public punches at Trump. After Trump s Muslim ban threw the nation and world into chaos, Trudeau tweeted:To those fleeing persecution, terror & war, Canadians will welcome you, regardless of your faith. Diversity is our strength #WelcomeToCanada  Justin Trudeau (@JustinTrudeau) January 28, 2017Of course, Trudeau s reluctance to go after Trump may not last long. He is up for re-election in 2019, and will have to continue to tout his commitment to diversity and inclusion in the fact of Trump s crude nationalism and open bigotry. However, Canadian Pollster Nik Nanos says Trudeau is doing the right thing regarding Trump for now: He has to avoid making any kind of criticism. Trump has a very thin skin and he s quick to lash out. That may be, but given Trudeau s public statements regarding diversity and progressive values, he is not likely to hold off for long before he takes the gloves off regarding Trump. We ll be lucky if America has ANY friends left by the end of Trump s term.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2719, Newly Leaked Executive Order Will Turn A FRIGHTENING Number Of Christian ‘Morals’ Into Law,"It seems the Trump administration will stop at nothing to codify the religious-right s insanely narrow beliefs into law. After backing off an earlier executive order that would have legalized all manner of discrimination against LGBTQ individuals, it appears there s a draft of a new order out that s far broader, and far scarier.A copy of the draft order was obtained by The Nation and other outlets, and would do the following: The draft order seeks to create wholesale exemptions for people and organizations who claim religious or moral objections to same-sex marriage, premarital sex, abortion, and trans identity, and it seeks to curtail women s access to contraception and abortion through the Affordable Care Act. The order refrains from specifically mentioning Christianity, and the administration no doubt thinks that makes it Constitutional. Under this order,  religious exercise  applies to  any act or refusal to act that is motivated by a sincerely held religious belief, whether or not the act is required by, or central to, a system of religious belief. As such, it would prohibit the government from denying tax-exempt status, or financially punishing, religious organizations that are involved in politics.That, in turn, makes it clear that it would reward people who discriminate against LGBTQ individuals, oppress and control women, and even reward people who seek to stop things like comprehensive sex-ed because it supposedly encourages pre-marital sex, and more, just because of their religious beliefs.It could even open the floodgates for so-called  gay conversion therapy,  despite its dangers, and despite its being condemned by every medical and psychological organization out there.But wait! That s not all. This order requires the Secretary of Health and Human Services to exempt anyone who objects even to preventive medical care on religious grounds. It does not specify what types of preventive care, but it s not hard to see that they re targeting women s healthcare here, including hormonal birth control, as well as vaccines.The preventive care mandate within the ACA actually has a separate section for women s care, including screening for STDs, breast cancer, UTIs, HPV and cervical cancer, as well as well-woman visits (which covers pap smears and other routine exams).The mandate also requires health insurers to cover vaccines for children from birth to age 18, as well as cervical dysplasia screenings for sexually active adolescent girls, and HIV screenings for sexually active adolescents.Should the preventive care mandate go away, the ones who will be hurt the worst will be women and girls, and that s intentional since the religious right is all about controlling women and their behavior.According to The Nation s story, a professor at Georgetown University s Law Center, and expert on church-state separation and religious freedom, says: This executive order would appear to require agencies to provide extensive exemptions from a staggering number of federal laws without regard to whether such laws substantially burden religious exercise. Moreover, the exemptions would raise serious First Amendment questions, as well, because they would go far beyond what the Supreme Court has identified as the limits of permissive religious accommodations. He would be extremely surprised if the Office of Legal Counsel were to certify this order in part because it greatly expands the definition of  religious exercise  to mean anything for anyone, it seems.Perhaps worst of all is that it would cover federal employees, which could lead to discrimination including denying people care at the VA or denying them Social Security benefits, simply because they have a stated  sincerely held  belief against enabling whatever.If this order is signed, LGBTQ individuals will be subject to hideous discrimination, women will lose access to preventive care and birth control, and without court intervention, it will likely lead to making Christianity the law of the land. Trump and his administration are way out of control with unconstitutional executive orders.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
2720, Virginia Seeks To Hold Trump In Contempt For Ignoring Federal Court Order Against Muslim Ban,"Donald Trump could end up behind bars if the state of Virginia holds him in contempt of court for violating a federal court order that halted parts of his Muslim ban.Last Friday, Trump signed an unconstitutional executive order banning people from seven countries from entering the United States. Worldwide chaos and mass protests ensued throughout the weekend as Custom s officials and airport security detained and deported people traveling from those nations, even going so far as to detain American citizens who have green cards and separating children from their parents.Multiple states and the ACLU immediately filed lawsuits against the order and attorneys rushed to defend the rights of those being detained.And then New York federal Judge Ann M. Donnelly issued a stay that was supposed to immediately halt the actions of Custom s officials and airport security.Shortly after that, a federal court in Virginia issued a temporary restraining order to force Customs agents to let lawyers talk to legal United States residents who were being detained.But Customs officials ignored the order in directly defied the court ruling, and now the state of Virginia is pursuing charges against Trump for it.A motion has been filed requesting  the issuance of a rule to show cause why respondents should not be held in contempt of this Court s temporary restraining order (TRO) entered on the evening of January 28, 2017.  Donald Trump is specifically named in the motion along with the Department of Homeland Security and several Customs officials.United States Congressman Donald Beyer filed a declaration under penalty of perjury that he personally witnessed Customs agents ignore the federal court order and said that police at Dulles International Airport blocked him and two of his colleagues from speaking to the Customs official in charge because they were ordered to not let anyone have access to them. Senator Cory Booker also filed a declaration in support of the motion.Now a hearing will be held to determine if Trump ordered the Customs agents at Dulles to ignore the court order, and if he did, he will likely be charged with contempt of court, which carries a possible jail sentence.Homeland Security even admitted that it was ignoring the court order to continue enforcing Trump s executive order.The Department of Homeland Security will continue to enforce all of President Trump s Executive Orders in a manner that ensures the safety and security of the American people. President Trump s Executive Orders remain in place prohibited travel will remain prohibited, and the U.S. government retains its right to revoke visas at any time if required for national security or public safety. President Trump s Executive Order affects a minor portion of international travelers, and is a first step towards reestablishing control over America s borders and national security.The fact that Customs agents willfully ignored a federal court to continue carrying out Trump s tyrannical order is absolutely frightening. The question is, did Homeland Security willfully ignore the court order by itself, or did Trump order them to ignore it and his order was passed down the chain of command to the Customs officials? If the order can be traced to Trump, he is in violation of a court order and should be punished for it. And if that means prison time, then so be it. Because unlike the presidency, Trump is totally qualified to be a prison inmate.Featured image via Capitol Hill Blue",0
2721," Trump Just Loosened Sanctions Against Russian Spy Agencies, Americans Are F*cking FURIOUS (TWEETS)","You know how everyone suspected that there would be some quid pro quo for all the help Vladimir Putin gave Donald Trump during the election? Well, it s happening.On Thursday, Donald Trump lifted sanctions imposed by President Obama that prevented Putin from cyberspying. The sanctions were a response to Putin s team of hackers doing Trump a series of favors by hacking his political opponents and releasing any and all information they could that could assist him in becoming President. Reuters reports:The Treasury Department said in a statement it would allow U.S. companies to make limited transactions with the intelligence service that are needed to gain approval to import information technology products into Russia.The broader significance of the sanctions exemptions were not immediately clear. The Treasury Department often issues general licenses such as the one announced on Thursday to help U.S. companies overcome unintended business consequences of sanctions.U.S. intelligence agencies accused the FSB of involvement in hacking of Democratic organizations during the election, won by Republican Donald Trump.The agencies and private cyber security experts concluded the FSB first broke into the Democratic National Committee s computer system in the summer of 2015 and began monitoring email and chat conversations.They say FSB was one of two Russian spy agencies believed to have been involved in a wide-ranging operation by top-ranking individuals in Russia s government to discredit Democrat Hillary Clinton and help Trump win the election.When Obama imposed the sanctions, Vladimir Putin announced that he would wait to respond until after Trump became President because he expected a response that favors him. This move was just the first of many we can expect to benefit Vladimir Putin. This is the same group (FSB) that, just a month ago, our intelligence community determined was responsible for the attack on our democracy,  Rep. Eric Swalwell, D-Calif., ranking member of a House CIA subcommittee, said in response to Trump  rewarding  Putin for his help during the election.  We just made it easier for the same group to import into Russia the tools they could use to hack us or our allies again. Naturally, Americans are not happy with this new development:Riddle me this Batman, how is lifting sanctions against Russia not a change in policy?  Dragonrider (@StHsg) February 2, 2017Spicer just said Trump ""creating carve outs"" in Russia sanctions is not Trump ""rolling back sanctions.""Un. Real.  Corey Ciorciari (@CoreyCiorciari) February 2, 2017Treasury dept posted letter to ease sanctions on Russia. @seanspicer says it isn't! Dude, we can read! #alternativefacts  Pamela Baxter (@BaxterPamela) February 2, 2017.@PressSec Yes, Treasury eased sanctions on Russia, but that's not really easing sanctions on Russia. It's complicated,don't worry about it.  Spinoza (@azon1ps) February 2, 2017No, this is not normal for the Treasury department to ease sanctions with Russia. Jesus Spicer is such a tool.  Amy (@bunnyhugger75) February 2, 2017Spicer ""were not easing sanctions"" then goes on to say they are reviewing the sanctions on Russia to see what they will keep. LOL  Don The Con (@LyinDonTheCon) February 2, 2017@PeterAlexander I wish HRC would've warned us about Trump being a potential puppet regime.  vin (@vin_esposito) February 2, 2017@PeterAlexander @mattdpearce threaten our closest allies   ease Russian sanctions in the 1st month. Makes sense.  MW (@MDub79) February 2, 2017@PeterAlexander We piss off fucking australia and already begin spooning russia. What the fuck  Manny (@Manny__42) February 2, 2017Not just any sanctions: Trump appears to have lifted the very sanctions put in place to limit Russia's purchase of equipment to spy on U.S. https://t.co/ucHKivaoCR  Caroline O. (@RVAwonk) February 2, 2017Sean Spicer: ""We're not easing sanctions on Russia"" pic.twitter.com/Jtcb2yJ4CM  Hanna (@hannanekoranec) February 2, 2017@tedlieuImpeach him for fucks sake!!!  Cowboy from Hell (@pjbruno79) February 2, 2017when you scream at Australia and lift sanctions on Russia, you're making it clear you're on the side of authoritarian nationalist states.  Dante Atkins (@DanteAtkins) February 2, 2017#Trump s golden shower movies paying off for Putin als US treasury relaxes sanctions on Russia  ThaiMythbuster (@thaimythbuster) February 2, 2017Did anybody notice how fast @PressSec wanted to push past the easing of sanctions on Russia pic.twitter.com/ZqvbVrjS46  Roentgens (@roentgens9) February 2, 2017Even though Trump eased sanctions, White House Press Secretary says that we  are not easing sanctions  against Russia   screw reality! Spicer says that easing sanctions   which is totally not what just happened   is  a regular course of action  with regard to hostile dictatorships who commit cyberattacks against our country and interfere with our elections.In just two weeks, Donald Trump has diverted taxpayer funds to build his stupid wall, created an international incident with Australia (the cuddly teddy bear of diplomacy and our strongest ally), threatened to invade Mexico and Chicago, enacted his Muslim ban, stripped federal funding from international health organizations that so much as mention abortion, and rewarded a hostile nation for helping him  win  the presidency.We re completely f*cked if we don t do something to get this orange buffoon out of office.Watch Spicer dance around the huge favor Trump just did for Russia below:Featured image via Getty Images/Nicholas Kamm",0
2722, Foreign Policy Insider: Trump Turned Off Recording During His Phone Call With Vladimir Putin,"On Thursday, Donald Trump eased sanctions against Russia s spy agencies following a phone call last week with brutal Russian dictator and Trumpfriend Vladimir Putin. Details of the call have been scarce, limited to a vague, one-paragraph statement posted on the White House website:President Donald J. Trump received a congratulatory call today from Russian President Vladimir Putin. The call lasted approximately one hour and ranged in topics from mutual cooperation in defeating ISIS to efforts in working together to achieve more peace throughout the world including Syria. The positive call was a significant start to improving the relationship between the United States and Russia that is in need of repair. Both President Trump and President Putin are hopeful that after today s call the two sides can move quickly to tackle terrorism and other important issues of mutual concern.Many have been wondering why information about the specifics of the call has been so scarce. According to Ian Berman, vice president of the conservative-leaning American Foreign Policy Council, the reason is simple   Trump turned off the recording. On Wednesday, Bergman said at a forum on Russian-Turkish relations at the Bipartisan Policy Center that  there was no readout of the Trump-Putin call because [the] White House turned off recording. .@ilanberman: ""there was no readout of the Trump-Putin call bc WH turned off recording""   Kremlin readout is very positive @BPC_Bipartisan pic.twitter.com/oi4v1R5dN0  ilhan tanir (@WashingtonPoint) February 1, 2017The Kremlin s clearly sanitized readout sounds very nice, if one ignored the fact that multiple intelligence agencies have confirmed that Putin personally spearheaded a massive hacking and propaganda campaign on Trump s behalf or that he began receiving his quid pro quo when The Donald eased sanctions against his spy agencies. According to a statement on the Kremlin s website,  both sides expressed their readiness to make active joint efforts to stabilise and develop Russia-US cooperation on a constructive, equitable and mutually beneficial basis  and  The sides stressed the importance of rebuilding mutually beneficial trade and economic ties between the two counties  business communities, which could give an additional impetus to progressive and sustainable development of bilateral relations. In other words, Putin and Trump talked about how our own fascist dictator intends to repay Russia s leader for his help in securing the Oval Office.While it is yet unconfirmed that the recording does not exist, it seems this is the case given the vague readout and the clear attempt to keep information from Americans. If he did indeed shut off recording, why would he do that? There is only one answer   plenty was said that would be uncomfortable if the American people learned the details.We as Americans need to demand a full release of every call Trump has had with world leaders. We need to demand answers   because we will not get them otherwise.Featured image via Getty Images/Win McNamee",0
2723, Robert Reich Makes STUNNING Anti-Trump Statement In BRUTAL Apology To The World (DETAILS),"Donald Trump is successfully ruining all of our relationships with other countries, and cutting ties with some of our most valuable allies.Just yesterday, Trump put America in a terrible position with Australia after speaking with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Basically, he hung up on Turnbull after bragging about his election win and condemned the Prime Minister for a refugee acceptance deal Australia had made with the U.S. during former President Barack Obama s presidency. Trump had even told Turnbull that compared to the other calls he d had with world leaders,  this was the worst call by far.  To make matters worse, Trump tweeted this right after ending the call: Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal! Having sabotaged America s relations with Australia and many other countries, Trump is severely compromising the safety and future of America   and we should have seen this coming, considering his extremely disrespectful treatment of China during his transition phase. The only country Trump manages to get along with is of course Vladimir Putin s Russia.In response to Trump s reckless, clumsy handling of world relations, renowned political commentator Robert Reich released a statement on Facebook that truly reflects where America is at this moment in time. Americans are terrified and filled with despair over what Trump is doing, and other countries are being affected as well. In his post, Reich apologized profusely for the disastrous events that have happened under Trump. Reich wrote: A short note to our friends in Australia, Europe, Canada, South Korea, New Zealand, Japan, and elsewhere: We know we have a problem. He shouldn t be in the White House. He doesn t have a mandate for what he s doing. His views don t represent the views of most of us. He lost the popular vote by 3 million votes. Russian operatives may well have got him elected.Please know, we re doing everything we can. This post has gone viral and is being shared widely, as the majority of Americans are just as disappointed as Reich and would give anything to go back to better times. Hopefully, the rest of the world will ignore Trump and take pity on the innocent Americans who want nothing to do with his disgusting policies.Featured image via Scott Olson / Getty Images",0
2724, WATCH: Kellyanne Conway Throws Hissy Fit Over Democrats Blocking Trump’s Nominees,"Donald Trump s screaming banshee Kellyanne Conway went on Fox News to whine about Democrats on Thursday morning and failed to recognize the hypocrisy.Throughout 2016, Senate Republicans blocked President Obama s nomination of Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court despite the fact that Garland was a qualified judge who previously received praise and support from the GOP. Garland is considered a moderate jurist who would have sat at the ideological center of the high court.In a completely unprecedented move, Republicans refused to even give Garland a confirmation hearing and left the Supreme Court one member short on the bench out of petty hatred of President Obama.On Tuesday, Donald Trump chose conservative judge Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court. In response, Democrats have vowed to retaliate against Republicans by blocking Trump s nominee. Republicans, however, are now whining because Democrats are treating Trump s nominee the same way Republicans treated Obama s.Mitch McConnell has repeatedly complained about Democratic obstruction of Trump s nominees, conveniently ignoring his own party s obstruction of President Obama for eight years. Obstruction that he personally ordered.And now Kellyanne Conway is whining about Democratic obstruction as well.During an appearance on Fox & Friends, Conway called Democrats  a bunch of crybabies who say they are going to oppose Supreme Court nominees before they even know the person s name and his academic credentials and impeccable judicial record. That sounds a whole lot like what Republicans did last February while Justice Scalia s dead body wasn t even cold yet. Obama picked Garland a few months later and his academic credentials and judicial record were even more impressive than Gorsuch s. This obstinance and obstruction is the modern Democratic Party,  Conway cntinued, again failing to recognize the hypocrisy of her claims.  I think it s going to cost them because they re hysterical about everything now. There s no gradation of hysteria, everything makes them cry and scream. Here s the video via YouTube.Seriously, do Republicans really think the American people are stupid? For nearly an entire year, Republicans acted like petulant children by refusing to even grant Garland a hearing, yet they are bitching about Democrats for blocking Trump s nominee.Republicans are hypocrites and they only have themselves to blame for creating a new precedent when it comes to Supreme Court picks. They were the ones who blocked President Obama s rightful pick for a year. They literally stole a Supreme Court seat from President Obama, who was the legally elected sitting president at the time. And it should be pointed out that President Obama s election victories were bigger than Trump s by a wide margin. Until Republicans give Garland the fair hearing he deserves, Democrats should block Trump s nominees indefinitely. It s nothing less than what Republicans deserve. They started it. Now they get to reap what they sowed. Turnabout is fair play.Featured image via screenshot",0
2725," Trump Uses Prayer Breakfast To Mock Arnold Schwarzenegger, Gets HUMILIATED In 14 Priceless Seconds","Donald Trump literally used the National Prayer Breakfast to brag about the low ratings of the new  Celebrity Apprentice  hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger. They hired a big, big movie star, Arnold Schwarzenegger, to take my place, and we know how that turned out,  Trump said on Thursday morning in the middle of the event.  The ratings went right down the tubes, it s been a total disaster  and I want to just pray for Arnold, if we can, for those ratings. Seriously!? How can anybody who calls themselves a Christian support Trump after this? He actually used the prayer breakfast to attack a television show and bully the new host. And this is a television show that Trump is credited as an executive producer.Of all the things that he could have focused on at the breakfast, like homelessness, hunger, peace, or even the dead Navy Seal and eight-year-old girl who were killed during a military raid he ordered over the weekend, he chose to brag about the ratings of his former reality show and asked everyone to pray for it.But Arnold Schwarzenegger soon issued a response to Trump on Twitter in the form of a video message that is sure to have Trump fuming for the rest of the day. Hey, Donald, I have a great idea,  he said.  Why don t we switch jobs? You take over TV   because you re such an expert in ratings   and I take over your job so then people can finally sleep comfortably again? The National Prayer Breakfast? pic.twitter.com/KYUqEZbJIE  Arnold (@Schwarzenegger) February 2, 2017Indeed, if Trump is so concerned about the ratings of his former show, he should resign and go host it again while Schwarzenegger, who actually has governing experience, takes over the presidency.A representative for Schwarzenegger also delivered this burn. Arnold is praying that President Trump can improve his own approval ratings, which were the worst in history of any incoming president, by taking his job seriously and working inclusively. Donald Trump is an embarrassment and disgrace to this country. He is totally unqualified to be president and he should be tossed out on his ass in favor of someone like Schwarzenegger. Any so-called  Christian  who voted for Trump should be ashamed of themselves.Featured image via Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
2726, State Department Delivers Largest Dissent Document EVER In Protest Of Trump’s Muslim Ban,"The State Department has a special cable designed so that employees can formally protest a policy, and this one is the largest ever.Over the weekend, chaos swept the nation and the globe after Donald Trump signed an unconstitutional executive order banning travelers from seven countries from entering the United States, even if they have green cards. Leaders around the world condemned the action and massive protests occurred.After acting Attorney General Sally Yates was fired for refusing to defend the unconstitutional order, Trump and his team said that anyone who disagrees with Trump s policy should quit their jobs.That didn t sit very well with many State Department employees, who proceeded to use the special cable to voice their dissent against Trump s policy.According to the Wall Street Journal,People familiar with the  dissent cable  said the document had approximately 1,000 signatures. The State Department maintains a special dissent channel as a formal and confidential vehicle for officials to express alternative views.The cable is the largest such protest ever, said Hannah Gurman, a professor at New York University who wrote a book about dissent at the State Department. Ms. Gurman said the second largest, relating to Syria, was one signed by 51 State Department officials last June.That s right. The State Department protest of Trump s ban is the largest ever recorded and literally dwarfed the protest against one of President Obama s policies last year.This is a pretty big deal and shows just how unpopular Trump is at the State Department.Clearly, a large percentage of the 25,000 employees at the State Department do not like what Trump is doing.And they have every reason to be opposed to Trump.Trump has been making a mockery of diplomacy and our foreign policy long before the election in November. And ever since that day Trump has been making a mess by overturning decades of policy that created stability and security and built alliances.Trump is threatening our allies and moving our nation to the brink of World War III. He is abandoning American values in favor of fear and hate. And Russia s influence over the State Department makes things even more dangerous.Our country faces a threat unlike any we have ever faced before. This threat is from within and he is sitting in the White House. Every employee at the State Department and every citizen in this nation should be horrified by what Trump is doing. And we need to do something about it before he destroys everything we hold dear.Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2727, Trump Threatens Public University Because Protesters Didn’t Let A Racist Bully Deliver His Hate Speech,"Donald Trump is getting thrashed on the Internet right now for threatening a public university.Milo Yiannopoulos was going to speak at the University of California-Berkeley on Wednesday but the school chose to cancel the event after massive protests broke out on campus against the speech.Yiannopoulos is a racist right-wing bully who hates strong women. He is associated with the  Alt-Right  movement that includes white nationalists, Nazis, and white supremacists.As the Southern Poverty Law Center notes,The fact that Yiannopoulos has been photographed wearing a necklace with the German Iron Cross symbol, illustrates the diversity of opinion within the Alt-Right world. But, at the end of the day, neo-Nazis like Anglin, coat-and-tie racists like Richard Spencer and Jared Taylor, and oddball figures like Yiannopoulos have more in common, in terms of sharing a vision of society as fundamentally determined by race, than they disagree about.The protests against Yiannopoulos forced U.C. Berkeley to cancel the speech. And Donald Trump is furious about it.If U.C. Berkeley does not allow free speech and practices violence on innocent people with a different point of view   NO FEDERAL FUNDS?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2017That s right, Trump literally just threatened to punish a public university for not letting a racist deliver a speech due to mass protests by students.It s a pathetic and unprecedented attack that Twitter users did not appreciate.@realDonaldTrump U don t see the hypocrisy in ur statement? Free speech IS peaceful protesting. Stop trying to be a dictator.  Kyle McMahon (@KMacMusic) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Don t you try and ban free speech at WH press conferences? Or is that OK because dictators always have final say?  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump while violence is never the answer, supporting Nazis (who are violent) isn t either. We need more education. UCB is great!  Jose Andrade (@jandrade) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump here we go. First you call journalists fake news. Now you ll go after universities. This is how civilisation ends.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) February 2, 2017.@realDonaldTrump has no remorse for refugees from war-torn countries, but is a staunch advocate of a white foreigner who is as vile as him. pic.twitter.com/QGCClNR9N3  Al x Young  (@AlexYoung) February 2, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Vandalism was wrong but punishing the entire university for the actions of a few is so excessive, like banning a religion!  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 2, 2017This coming from a man who knows all about practicing violence on innocent people w different views, right @realDonaldTrump! pic.twitter.com/v5sj4jlvv6  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) February 2, 2017Donald Trump is a total hypocrite. He literally encouraged violence at his rallies but now he is all of a sudden angry about violence at a protest?1,500 people showed up to peacefully protest Yiannopoulos. It only got violent after  150 masked agitators  from an anarchist groups showed up and started attacking people and destroying property.One can hardly blame the university for something that was out of their control.Trump is also a hypocrite for whining in defense of free speech even though he has been attacking the free press and anyone who criticizes him. Also, hate speech is not free speech. And hate speech is what Yiannopoulos peddles.Once again, Donald Trump proves that he is out of his depth and is completely unqualified to be president.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2728, Democrats Launch Plan To Make Trump’s First Speech To Congress VERY Uncomfortable,"Alleged president Donald Trump has literally mocked every group of U.S. citizens during his godawful campaign and it s payback time. Karma is a thing and house Democrats are making sure that the fake president will have to face the very people he mocked in 2016. Trump s first speech to Congress will be very uncomfortable for him because Democrats have launched a plot to invite guests they say will suffer under new White House policies.Democrats are inviting a crowd which includes ethnic minorities, LGBT people, undocumented immigrants, the disabled and others when he addresses a joint session on Feb. 28th, according to The Hill.This time, Democrats are not going to boycott Trump s speech as they did his inauguration, but instead, they will force the man-baby POTUS to face off with the very people who feel alienated and targeted by his controversial executive orders.A letter which is circulating on Capitol Hill urges fellow Democrats to bring guests who have made  a positive impact  on the community  despite discrimination or marginalization. It is our hope that their presence in the House Gallery will remind President Trump that he is not the arbiter of patriotism,  the letter reads.  This country belongs to all of us, and his rhetoric of intolerance will not stand. The authors of the letter are as diverse as the crowd they re seeking to assemble.They include Reps. Jim Langevin (R.I.), who was shot accidentally as a teen and became the first quadriplegic to serve in Congress; Michelle Lujan Grisham (N.M.), head of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus; Cedric Richmond (La.), chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus; Judy Chu (Calif.), head of the Congressional Asian Pacific American Caucus; and David Cicilline (R.I.) and Jared Polis (Colo.), the co-chairman of the LGBT Equality Caucus. We want to send a strong message to the [president] that he cannot push these communities aside, and he cannot change the fabric of this country,  the authors wrote. Instead of celebrating the very diversity that makes our country a beacon of inclusion and equality, he has chosen to vilify, bully and alienate women, immigrants, people of color, people with disabilities, and people of differing faiths,  the Democrats stated in the letter. His rhetoric emboldens those who seek a scapegoat for the challenges this country faces,  the Democrats added.Resistance is not futile.Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
2729," Trump Doubles Down On Being An Ass To Australia, And Twitter BUTCHERS Him (TWEETS)","Trump isn t smart. He s a complete buffoon with a temper that s so short it s virtually nonexistent. But he likes to pretend he s the President of the United States, which means he thinks he s this country s sole leader. As such, he believes he can do and say as he wishes, even if it means alienating people, countries and groups that we need.During a phone call to Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, Trump threw a livid fit over an agreement we reached with them under Obama to accept 1,250 refugees. Trump accused Australia of planning to send us  the next Boston bomber,  and promptly hung up. Then, instead of staying quiet or actually (gasp) doing some basic homework and admitting he made a mistake with that, he took to Twitter to double down:Do you believe it? The Obama Administration agreed to take thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia. Why? I will study this dumb deal!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 2, 2017First of all, 1,250 is not  thousands.  Secondly, refugees are not illegal immigrants and Trump s calling them such is dangerous. Third, how can they be  illegal immigrants  if they aren t even here yet, and have permission, via a diplomatic pledge and paperwork, to come here? And fourth, he s not the deal-maker he thinks he is if he believes being a jackass to Turnbull is the way to handle this.Fortunately, here s Twitter, coming to the rescue and giving Trump a much-needed dressing down in front of the whole world:@realDonaldTrump Jesus. They re refugees. And Obama agreed to take them in, so they re not illegal.  Tom Coates (@tomcoates) February 2, 2017And there it is, confirmation that Trump really did insult Australia today. @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/nBbcR8AZx4  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump We have a deal to review 1,250 refugee applications. You re deliberately deceiving people and it s really worrying.  Hank Green (@hankgreen) February 2, 2017Who haven t I pissed off yet? Australia?! Oh I got this.  @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/OMX0rANHfe  Keegan Stephan (@KeeganNYC) February 2, 2017.@realDonaldTrump The Australian immigrants are Muslim refugees literally living in detention camps but nah it s not a Muslim ban.  Keegan Stephan (@KeeganNYC) February 2, 2017I wonder if this is related, @realDonaldTrump. pic.twitter.com/mCTGSibbCr  David G. McAfee (@DavidGMcAfee) February 2, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You should ve studied it before it was written in your immigration executive order. You re confessing to incompetence.  Lawrence O Donnell (@Lawrence) February 2, 2017.@realDonaldTrump I m sorry, hun. I m not mad. You just don t know better. But every time you learn new information, don t go nutso online.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) February 2, 2017@TVMaury @Tat2Metal @NastyWoman20 @wslayher @bessbell @realDonaldTrump Jesus Christ. I went out for ?.You guys couldn t keep him from a war?  Colleen H (@ColleenHolt20) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump You should build a wall on the border with Australia, that ll stop them coming over and taking our kangaroos.  Mark Pygas (@MarkPygas) February 2, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Good plan, but it s worth studying the facts *before* you tweet. https://t.co/QdijGh5Jz9 pic.twitter.com/fPtlTZ5GV1  Chris Choi (@thischoi) February 2, 2017By the way   these  illegal immigrants  Trump is ranting about? They re actually refugees. @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/nBbcR8AZx4  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump if we agreed to take them, then they ARE NOT ILLEGAL.  Brandon Keating (@BrandonTalks) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Please! You would only  study  if the book had pictures coloring sections.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump An honorable president would honor US commitments, regardless.  Mike Elgan (@MikeElgan) February 2, 2017@AmyOtto8 when Australia sends their kangaroos, they aren t sending their best kangaroos.  Comfortably Smug (@ComfortablySmug) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump The Prime Minister of Australia just said on national tv that you agreed to the deal he made with Obama. Are you lying?  Michael Skolnik (@MichaelSkolnik) February 2, 2017@doctorcherokee @iamkawsar @MichaelSkolnik @realDonaldTrump He called it dumb and said he didn t read it.  erin lynn o connor (@erinoface) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump why write this on twitter. I don t get it? Are you a 15 year old or are you having a meltdown?  Aron Price (@aronpricePGA) February 2, 2017@Tooda @realDonaldTrump HA! Donald? Briefings? Come on.  James Alexander (@Tasselguy) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump You pissed off Antarctica yet? Make sure you enrage the whole planet before the week is over.  Matt Besser (@MattBesser) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Do you really not know the difference between  illegal immigrants  and  refugees  Dave Levitan (@davelevitan) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump you. are. so. fucking. stupid.  Jen Statsky (@jenstatsky) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump they re refugees fleeing persecution, you know, like the first settlers in America. But don t let facts cloud ur ignorance  Craig Wilson (@mediahunter) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump Australia agreed to send thousands of troops to support US in overseas combat over many wars & years. Study THAT. #allies  Lisa Hurring (@Hypocaffeinic) February 2, 2017@realDonaldTrump you build your wall. We have our own barrier  reef. It s the best. Huge. Really huge. The finest barrier you ve ever seen.  Mike Cannon-Brookes (@mcannonbrookes) February 2, 2017Too bad the Great Barrier Reef is nearly dead thanks to asshats like Trump who keep saying climate change is a hoax. They re one of the reasons we weren t able to work to save the Reef.Maybe when he s done with Australia, he can go to work on Canada? Maybe the U.K., or any one of our other close allies. Perhaps he ll bomb Antarctica for being one of the worldwide sites for the Women s March on Jan. 21. This man-child needs his Twitter account canceled and his phone taken away. He s going to get us destroyed.Featured image by Michael Reynolds via Getty Images/screen capture ",0
2730, REPORT: Jared Kushner ‘F**king Furious’ Over Bannon Activity In White House (DETAILS),"Many people have looked to Donald Trump s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to be a moderating influence on the erratic behavior of his father-in-law. This is largely true, but there s just one problem: From sundown on Friday until sundown on Saturday, Kushner observes Shabat, as he and his wife and children are Orthodox Jews. That means that Trump is left unattended with people like Chief Strategist Stephen K. Bannon and political operative Stephen Miller influencing his every move and appealing to his worst instincts.This seems to be the reason that some of Trump s biggest, most controversial and bumbling moves have happened on weekends   because these are things far-right extremists like Bannon and Miller are all for, while Kushner never would have allowed them to happen if he could help it. According to a source close to the situation, the timing of these blunders is no coincidence. Here are just a few items that have occurred in Kushner s absence:And of course, we re less than two weeks into the Trump presidency, so who the hell knows what is coming next? Well, it seems that Kushner is not happy with any of these developments at all. He is reportedly increasingly uneasy at the influence of far-right extremists like Miller and Bannon on Trump in his absence. Further, it seems that there is an intense power struggle within the White House, and Kushner seems to be losing. He is incensed at that development as well. He spent copious amounts of time setting up a call between Trump and Mexico s president, only to have Trump blow the whole thing up by impulsively tweeting that he should not meet with President Enrique Pena Nieto if there would be no wall payment. According to Vanity Fair, Kushner was, quote,  fucking furious. In short, Trump is taking his marching orders from Bannon and Miller, and not Kushner, and that isn t good for anyone. Kushner might be a rich, slimy sell-out, but at least he seems to be able to control Trump s worst instincts. Now that said control seems to be badly slipping, we should all be very afraid.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2731, Trump Just Threw APPALLING Temper Tantrums At Some Of Our Closest Allies On The Phone,"Trump has wasted absolutely no time letting some of our allies know what he really thinks of them. On a phone call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, he went off about a pledge the U.S. made to accept 1,250 refugees from a detention center in Australia. There are also rumors floating around that he threatened to send troops to Mexico if they don t get a handle on the border situation.While speaking to Mexico s president, Enrique Pena Nieto, last Friday, he allegedly told Nieto to control Mexico s  bad hombres,  or else we would send troops in to do it for him. The Associated Press first reported on an excerpt someone in the White House gave them of the phone call s transcript: You have a bunch of bad hombres down there,  Trump told Pena Nieto, according to the excerpt given to AP.  You aren t doing enough to stop them. I think your military is scared. Our military isn t, so I just might send them down to take care of it. Both the White House and Pena Nieto are denying that the call went this way, but a Mexican news outlet published something similar to what the AP has, and even said Trump was humiliating Pena Nieto. If it is, indeed, true that Trump said these words, then he seriously just cut down and threatened one of our neighbors with military action, or worse, invasion. Which would be the next logical step seeing as how he s done everything else he can to piss Mexico off.With Australian Prime Minister Turnbull, who was trying to confirm that we d honor our pledge to accept refugees, Trump said,  This is the worst deal ever,  and accused Turnbull of trying to send the  next Boston bombers  to us. He also blasted Turnbull about how the deal was going to kill him politically, because that s really what matters to him. Actually doing his job? Meh.Australia is one of our closest allies and Trump not only tore into him, it sounds like he hung up on Turnbull, too, well before the call was scheduled to end.We ve fought alongside, and received support from, Australia in the Middle East. They are not an ally we want to alienate, and yet, here Trump is, working as hard as he possibly can to do just that until they fall in line with what he wants.He also spent part of the call bragging about his inauguration numbers   really? He s still not over that?Anybody who thought Trump would calm the hell down after winning the election, and actually treat foreign leaders with the dignity and respect of everyone else, was sorely mistaken. He uses Twitter to berate anyone with whom he has a disagreement   why would he treat foreign leaders any differently?When he s finished bullying the entire world, we won t have any allies left (except maybe Russia).Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
2732, Trump’s Muslim Ban Protects America By Separating A Badly Burned Baby From His Family (VIDEO),"To protect America from terrorist threats that don t even exist, Donald Trump signed an executive order banning citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States. Since the order was signed, on Holocaust Memorial Day no less, families have been ripped apart and children have been traumatized. One of the saddest of these stories is that of a badly burned baby who is being kept from his family   to protect America. Dilbreen, at the age of about a year and a half, was severely burned,  explained Carrie Schuchardt from House of Peace in Ipswich.CBS reports:After a heater exploded in the Iraqi refugee camp where he was sleeping, an aid group got two travel visas and rushed the boy to Shriner s Hospital in Boston along with his father.After preliminary surgery, his dad returned to their war-ravaged country to be with his wife as she gave birth to Dilbreen s little brother. It was November 8, an hour before Donald Trump won the election. They named the baby  Trump. It s ironic, possibly humorous, but it s also in a way very meaningful because perhaps that child can redeem that name Trump,  Schuchardt said.Dilbreen was scheduled to have a second surgery this month and his family had made arrangements to stay at the Peace House in Ipswich, but Trump s Muslim Ban has brought those plans to a screeching halt. Thanks to the bigoted executive order, their visas have been revoked. So they are stranded in Iraq,  Schuchardt said.  The child is here. The need for surgery is pressing. On Tuesday, Massachusetts joined the ACLU lawsuit which challenges the legality of Trump s order. Attorney General Maura Healey called the Muslim Ban  harmful, discriminatory and unconstitutional. It threatens the vitality, the livelihood, the lifeblood that drives so much of Massachusetts,  Healey said.The lawsuit would help protect immigrants and visa holders already in the United States, but this doesn t mean it would do anything to help this baby waiting for surgery and his family.According to CBS, Dilbreen is currently staying with family members in Michigan and his surgery is still scheduled for Feb 5. Attorneys are still fighting for special waivers to allow his family to be with him.Can somebody please explain to me how separating a burned baby from his parents keeps America safe? How in the hell does this make America great again? This is heartless, cruel and downright shameful.Watch more on this heartbreaking story here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2733, Steve Bannon Promised That There Is ‘No Doubt’ We Will Be At War With China Soon (AUDIO),"According to white supremacist dirtbag, former head honcho of far-Right propaganda factory Breitbart, and Donald Trump s chief strategist Steve Bannon, the administration expects to throw us into a war with China within the next few years if their plans work out.Speaking on his radio show in March, Bannon said that relations with China would deteriorate and we will be at  war in the South China Sea in five to 10 years. There s no doubt about that. They re taking their sandbars and making basically stationary aircraft carriers and putting missiles on those. They come here to the United States in front of our face   and you understand how important face is   and say it s an ancient territorial sea,  Bannon said.He s likely right that the United States will be involved in some conflict, but it will be because of the Trump administration that this happens. Throughout his campaign and even after he was elected President-With-An-Asterisk, the Donald has been poking China repeatedly. We can t continue to allow China to rape our country, and that s what they re doing,  Trump said while campaigning in May. We re going to turn it around. And we have the cards, don t forget it. We re like the piggy bank that s being robbed. We have the cards. We have a lot of power with China. Just before he was sworn in, Trump needled china on Twitter and caused an international incident by bragging that the President of Taiwan  CALLED  (caps are all him) to congratulate him on his victory. The President of Taiwan CALLED ME today to wish me congratulations on winning the Presidency. Thank you!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 3, 2016China has been taking out massive amounts of money & wealth from the U.S. in totally one-sided trade, but won't help with North Korea. Nice!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 2, 2017In the past, Bannon has compared himself to Lenin. According to the white nationalist misinformation pimp, Lenin wanted to destroy the state, and that s my goal too. I want to bring everything crashing down, and destroy all of today s establishment    a great goal for someone Trump just installed on the National Security Council.If Trump and Bannon have their way (and so far, Republicans have allowed them to get away with a lot), they will be able to act on all their twisted fantasies of bombing every nation that they don t like. Instead of the  tweet  button, a thin-skinned bully and his white supremacist sidekick now have  the big red button  and they are itching to use it.Listen to Bannon s  prediction  below:Featured image via Getty Images/Paul Marotta",0
2734, Staffers INSIDE The White House Are Showing Us Just How MASSIVE An A** Trump Really Is (TWEETS),"Last week, a ton of U.S. government employees took to Twitter to tell Donald Trump to go fuck himself in their own ways. There are now well over a hundred of these  rogue  accounts, and one of them comes from inside the White House itself. Rogue POTUS Staff, under the handle @RoguePOTUSStaff, has been tweeting out things about Trump that give us an inside look at Trump and his administration.Their account has over half a million followers already, showing the popularity of what they have to say. Many of their tweets are news stories and support for other rogue accounts, because all these rogue employees need to support each other. But Rogue POTUS Staff also puts forth things that will probably never make it into mainstream media reports, such as what Trump said just five days after he was inaugurated:Pres. Trump is already making waves at the office. Wants to be  the President who will be remembered as a King.  His words, not ours.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 26, 2017POTUS loved Kellyanne s alternative facts line. Said she was dumb for it, but loved the idea anyway because people would talk about it.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 26, 2017And they have no problem telling all of Twitter that the Liar-in-Chief is, in fact, a liar that s intimidating everyone:Everyone in the room knew POTUS was lying about 5 million illegals voting, but nobody dared to point it out. What have we done?  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 26, 2017Rogue POTUS Staff keeps careful tabs on the growing discord Trump is creating at the White House, but also keeps careful tabs on what Trump does  behind the scenes.  It s both entertaining and frightening   they ve proven to be better than the press just how much of a child Trump really is.POTUS asking around about people s Photoshop skills. Says inauguration photos need to be  touched up.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 27, 2017POTUS not pleased with Priebus using @MeetThePress appearance to promise green card change that POTUS rejected. Feels his hand was pushed.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 30, 2017Under early morning advice from Bannon POTUS to push Spicer to accuse #MuslimBan protests of compromising national security.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 30, 2017Suspicion that Bannon urging POTUS to egg on protests, then call in National Guard to disperse, as demonstration of power. #resistpeacefully  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 29, 2017Priebus calling @MeetThePress interview  disaster.  POTUS appears uncooperative on fixing EO problems, more worried about press coverage.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 29, 2017POTUS fuming after judge order last night. Suggested having agents to  do it anyway  & ignore order. Preibus said to be at wits end.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 29, 2017POTUS sowing real discord by being more interested in NYT than the work of being POTUS. Bannon encouraging him to irritate #UnholyTrinity .  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 29, 2017Bannon jokes that he has mixed feelings about SCOTUS pick. Says that a white man shouldn t have to serve coffee to a Hispanic woman.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 31, 2017Priebus worried about public anger if they learn POTUS wasted tax $$ to bring in SCOTUS loser for Apprentice style nom. announcement. #oops  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 31, 2017They re making Trump look like the huge, egotistical buffoon he is:Overheard through locked door:  Don t they know I m the f  President!?  POTUS displeased at resistance. #resist  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 27, 2017POTUS will NOT shut up about how he s going to overshadow Pelosi s town hall. Wants press conference to run long to obscure coverage. #petty  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) February 1, 2017POTUS asks why he should  give a damn about muzzie Canucks?  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 30, 2017They also point out how Trump patted himself on the back for his SCOTUS nomination:POTUS appearing very proud of himself today. Says country should be thanking him for the best SCOTUS nomination in history.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) February 1, 2017Best SCOTUS pick in history using the most transparent appointment process in history by way of the man with the biggest inaugural audience in history. Right.Trump apparently wasn t too totally keen on Gorsuch, though:#UnholyTrinity back Gorsuch for SCOTUS. Had POTUS convinced. But POTUS swaying back to Hardiman for spite, despite look of more nepotism.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 30, 2017Bannon suggested reaching out to Gorsuch and Hardiman to gauge willingness to back #MuslimBan EO in court. Pence dissuades, but barely.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 30, 2017POTUS getting eye rolls at flip-floppity attitude toward SCOTUS pick. After settling from crazy weekend, seems back on the Gorsuch train.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 31, 2017These people will never reveal who they are, though, and for good reason. They re putting their jobs and possibly their freedom on the line to keep the world informed of goings-on inside the White House. It s the same with all the rogue and alt government accounts   it s even highly unlikely that each person or group behind each account knows who s behind any of the other accounts.Feel free to unfollow. We have families. This acct could be violation of Hatch Act. What you act could be prosecuted as espionage. #inhiding https://t.co/XGKiFR9Gr1  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 27, 2017This starting to get scary. Four of these messages in the inbox today. Not indications yet that POTUS is aware of this acct, but someone is. pic.twitter.com/mfihbghTVr  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 27, 2017Bannon apparently hunting for heretics. Confirmed, is aware of this acct. Actively trying to identify us. #UnholyTrinity may be losing grip.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 28, 2017Because of this, it s impossible to know what s real and what s not. Some suspect this is a fake account, others suspect that the suspicious ones are the fake accounts. Rogue POTUS Staff has been around since Jan. 25, though, which is on the early side of when this whole movement got started. Their pinned tweet says everything:When well intended patriots disagree, that s democracy. When POTUS says it s not fact until he approves it, that s tyranny.  Rogue POTUS Staff (@RoguePOTUSStaff) January 26, 2017Featured image by Pete Marovich via Getty Images/screen captures",0
2735, WATCH: Senator Al Franken Just Ripped Ted Cruz A New One For Insulting Him During Senate Hearing,"Ted Cruz accused Senator Al Franken of lying about Jeff Sessions  record on civil rights. On Wednesday, Franken fired back.Just before the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to confirm Sessions as Donald Trump s Attorney General, Franken took the Texas senator to the woodshed for disparaging his character and integrity. Cruz claimed that 1986 testimony about Sessions making racist remarks was  recanted,  which is a complete lie. Let s talk about who is trying to impugn the record of another senator,  Franken said.  I think Senator Cruz is trying to impugn mine. Republican Senator John Cornyn, of course, objected to Franken s remarks, complaining that Cruz was not in the room to respond in his own defense. You know, any excuse to try and shut down a Democrat telling the truth about a Republican snake.But Franken was ready for such whining and reminded Cornyn that he did not object when Cruz did the exact same thing to him. Senator Cruz did the very thing Senator Cornyn is accusing me of doing. In my absence  he personally went after me, he personally impugned my integrity. You didn t object then, did you? Chuck Grassley let Franken continue but warned him to  leave personalities out of it  because apparently only Republicans are allowed to personally attack the opposition during hearings.Franken was then interrupted again by a still complaining Cornyn, who insisted that Franken wait for Cruz to be in the room. Well get him here, but he ll have a tape of it,  Franken shot back.Here s the video via YouTube.If Ted Cruz did not want Franken to lambaste him during a Senate hearing he shouldn t have lied about the facts and insulted Franken in the first place.Jeff Sessions has a record of racism going back decades and his nomination to head the Justice Department is an insult to every person who fought hard for civil rights and voting rights in this country. Republicans should be ashamed of themselves for confirming him.Featured image via Nation of Change",0
2736, Study Shows Democrats Are Better Drivers For This SHOCKING Reason (DETAILS),"You don t have to look beyond Washington to prove what we ve known for decades, Democrats are simply better people. Democratic policies actually help people while Republican policies help themselves and corporations.Beyond Washington, though, it s been proven that Democrats make better neighbors:Democrats are more likely to offer assistance to other members of their community: over the course of a year, they are more likely than Republicans to talk with someone who is severely depressed; help a friend or neighbor find a job; or help friends, neighbors, or family members with homework. I also noted a series of differences albeit not statistically significant ones showing that Democrats more frequently loan dishes or tools to their neighbors, help strangers carry their belongings, offer up their seat on a train or bus, allow strangers to cut ahead of them in line, and give food or money directly to someone in need.Democrats are also smarter and more rational:So for liberals to make a case for an idea or cause, they come armed with data, research studies, and experts. They are convinced of an idea if all the data checks out basically they assign meaning and value to ideas that fit within the scientific method, because that s their primary thinking style. Emotion doesn t play as big of a role in validation. Not to say that liberals are unfeeling, but just more likely to set emotion aside when judging an idea initially, and factor it in later. Checks out scientifically = valuable. Liberals can get just as emotionally attached to an idea, but it s usually not the primary trigger for acceptance of an idea.Conservatives would be less likely to assign value primarily using the scientific method. Remember, their thinking style leads primarily with emotion. In order for them to find an idea valuable, it has to be meaningful for them personally. It needs to trigger empathy. Meaning, they need some kind of emotional attachment to it, such as family, or a group of individuals they are close to in some way.None of that should be terribly surprising, especially if you ve ever encountered conservatives on Facebook, and we ve all encountered conservatives on Facebook. What is surprising, though, is this study, which says we re better drivers, or at least in blue states, there are a lot fewer traffic fatalities.In all, the 14 states with the highest fatality rates went into the red column, supporting Trump. In contrast, the 12 states with the lowest fatality rates were blues that favored Clinton. In these calculations, fatality rates were determined by counting the number of road deaths in 2015 per every 100,000 people.This isn t as weird as you might think. Republicans tend to thumb their noses at constraints to their freedoms. They can t drive 55. They also tend to live in less populated areas, whereas Democrats live in areas that have a lot of traffic. Nothing slows people down faster than 1000s of brake lights ahead of them. There s more though:Another likely factor behind high fatality rates in red rural states is that their residents tend to be poorer. As a result,  Their cars are probably in worse repair. There can be a missing light in the back, or the clutch goes out,  said sociologist Arlie Russell Hochschild, author of the 2016 book  Strangers In Their Own Land,  which explored views of conservatives in red state Louisiana.Hochschild also said  a kind of cowboy mentality, a kind of deregulatory, anything goes culture  exists in red states might lead to more reckless driving.They are also less likely to wear seat belts (that damn gubmint, telling people what to do).Really, though, this is just a metaphor Republicans in general. Republicans are reckless and don t give a crap about the safety of anyone who might get in their way. It s how the Republican Congress is run and it s how the roads in red states are run.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
2737, BREAKING: Republicans Susan Collins And Lisa Murkowski Will Vote No On Betsy DeVos,"Susan Collins, Republican Senator from Maine, has once again broke with her party after announcing she will vote  no  on Donald Trump s education secretary nominee Betsy DeVos.Lisa Murkowski, Senator from Alaska, will also vote  no  on DeVos.On the Senate floor, Collins made a passionate speech about her reservations (which are shared by fellow Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski of Maine), saying:I come to the floor to announce a very difficult decision that I have made, and that is to vote against the confirmation of Betsy DeVos to be our nation s next Secretary of Education.The move comes unexpectedly, as Collins voted in favor of DeVos in committee, which passed on a party line and sent her nomination to the floor for an up-or-down vote. But at that time, Collins made clear she was still considering her support. Murkowski had also voted to send DeVos  consideration to the floor.Collins had told the Bangor Daily News that she was  surprised and concerned  about her  apparent lack of familiarity  on a wide range of education issues. One issue that particularly struck Collins was the fact DeVos seemed clueless to the fact the United States has protections for students with disabilities.Susan Collins has so far been a thorn in the side of Donald Trump and his administration, recently referring to his immigration executive action as  likely unconstitutional,  and blasting Steve Bannon s appointment to the National Security Council as  entirely inappropriate. As of now, 50 senators have come out against DeVos, including Collins, Murkowski and every member of the Democratic caucus (which includes independents Bernie Sanders and Angus King). DeVos needs a simple majority to pass, and with 52 members in the GOP caucus, DeVos has a slim chance of being confirmed. If one more Republican defects, the 50-50 tie that would be broken by Vice President Mike Pence will be blockedOnce again, Susan Collins has put the country before her party, and has showed the GOP what it means to have a spine, as has Murkowski.Here s to hoping more Republicans follow their lead.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2738, Congresswoman BLASTS GOP For Confirming Lifelong Racist Jeff Sessions On First Day Of Black History Month (TWEETS),"Many people observe Black History Month by learning about important African-American figures in our nation s history or otherwise doing something that isn t horrible   then there are Republicans, who have their own ways to celebrate.Donald Trump spent Wednesday hanging out with all the black people he has paid and bribed to like him and having them shower him with compliments. While treating African-Americans as nothing more than subservient praise machines is, oh, let s just say  bad,  The Donald s friends on the Senate Judiciary Committee spent the early part of theirconfirming lifelong opponent of civil rights Jeff Sessions day as Attorney General (every Democrat voted against him).Sessions  confirmation   especially on Wednesday or any day during Black History Month   was a slap in the face to African-Americans and all who care about equal rights in this country. Many have criticized Republicans for their decision to consider Sessions   who was once deemed too racist to be a federal judge because he threw the n-word around and liked calling African-Americans  boy    at all, but the GOP was perfectly happy to push his nomination through.Following Sessions  ascension to a post that, to use terms familiar to him, is just below  Grand Wizard,  Rep. Barbara Lee took to Twitter to put Trump and his GOP Klavern on blast. Trump says he s  honoring  #BlackHistoryMonth How? By nominating Jeff Sessions as AG? Or by promoting alt-right leader Steve Bannon?  she wrote in one tweet, adding that The Donald is  paying lip service  to Black History Month while propping up racist Sessions and longtime white supremacist Steve Bannon and their ideas.Trump says he s  honoring  #BlackHistoryMonth. How? By nominating Jeff Sessions as AG? Or by promoting alt-right leader Steve Bannon?  Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) February 1, 2017Here s an idea @POTUS : Instead of offering lip service this #BlackHistoryMonth, why not work with @OfficialCBC to end systematic racism?  Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) February 1, 2017 If you truly want to honor Black History Month,  she tells Trump,  you should start by apologizing to civil rights hero Rep. John Lewis,  whom Trump attacked repeatedly for the entire weekend preceding Martin Luther King Day.President Trump: if you truly want to honor #BlackHistoryMonth, you should start by apologizing to civil rights hero @repjohnlewis.  Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) February 1, 2017 On 1st day of #BlackHistoryMonth, GOP Senators on Judiciary voted unanimously for Jeff Sessions  AG nomination. This is a slap in the face,  she added.On 1st day of #BlackHistoryMonth, GOP Senators on Judiciary voted unanimously for Jeff Sessions  AG nomination. This is a slap in the face.  Rep. Barbara Lee (@RepBarbaraLee) February 1, 2017This is a slap in the face to African-Americans, but we can not expect Trump or his GOP cronies to do anything for African-Americans at all, let alone apologize for the attacks on Lewis or fight any kind of racism. In fact, the man they just confirmed as AG is more likely to continue the GOP s mission of eroding African-Americans  civil rights while promoting his and Donald Trump s white supremacist agenda.Featured image via screengrab",0
2739, WATCH: Trump ‘Honors’ Black History Month By Praising Himself And Attacking The Media,"It s the first day of Black History Month and Donald Trump was quick to celebrate it inappropriately.February is the month when our country recognizes the long history of African-Americans. Their achievements and struggles are America s achievements and struggles and we must recognize both to move forward and create a better future.But rather than honor Black History Month with the dignity it deserves, Donald Trump made it all about him instead.During a breakfast in the White House Cabinet Room, Trump said a few words about Black History Month.During this month we honor the tremendous history of the African-Americans throughout our country, throughout the world if you think about it, right? And this story is one of unimaginable sacrifice, hard work, and faith in America. And then after giving a shout out to his token black cabinet member Ben Carson, who heads Housing and Urban Development despite having zero experience, he started bitching about and attacking the media over a report on Trump s first day that the Martin Luther King bust had been removed from the Oval Office, a mistake that was quickly corrected the same day but Trump still whines about. The statue is cherished, it s one of the favorite things, and we have some good ones, we have Lincoln and we have Jefferson, we have Dr. Martin Luther King,  he said.Trump then praised Fox News for kissing his ass and once again talked about inner cities as if they are crime-ridden war zones. I don t like watching fake news. Fox has treated me very nice, I don t know where Fox is, thank you. We need more jobs, better wages. We re going to work very hard in the inner city. Ben will be doing that, one of his big things. We need safer communities. We re going to do that with law enforcement. We re going to make it safe. We re going to make it much better than it is right now. Right now it s terrible. Not content to just use Black History Month as an excuse to air his petty grievances, Trump chose to pat himself on the back as well. If you remember, I wasn t going to do well with the African-American community. And after they heard me speaking and talking about the inner city and lots of other things. We ended up getting   I won t go into details but we ended up getting substantially more than other candidates who had run in the past years. Hillary Clinton received 88 percent of the black vote on Election Day while Trump only received 8 percent, hardly something to brag about.Trump then gave permission to his black supporters to lavish him with praise.An Ohio pastor told Trump that  we love you  and actually dared to mention Trump and God in the same breath. He also somehow kept a straight face while claiming that Trump is a good listener.Trump then returned to bashing the media and whining. So much of the media is opposition party. Knowingly saying incorrect things. It s a very sad situation. But we seem to be doing well. You know, it s almost like, in the meantime we won. So maybe they don t have the influence they think. They really have to straighten out their act. They re very dishonest people. Here s the unbelievable video via YouTube.Basically, Trump said more about Omarosa and his black media surrogates than he did about black history, reducing the names of King, Rosa Parks, and Frederick Douglass to mere footnotes in his remarks and once again demonstrating that he is a disgrace.Featured image via screenshot",0
2740, Republicans Just Changed The Rules To Force Through Trump’s Controversial Nominees,"Senate Republicans on Wednesday took an extraordinary step to force through two of alleged president Donald Trump s top Cabinet nominees after a boycott from Democrats. Republican lawmakers on the Senate Finance Committee changed the rules so there will no longer be a requirement for Democrats to be present to achieve quorum.Republicans then forced through the controversial picks of Rep. Tom Price for Secretary of Health and Human Services and Steve Mnuchin for Secretary of Treasury.Democrats boycotted for very good reasons:Democrats launched their boycott Tuesday because they felt there were too many unanswered questions about the two nominees  possible ethics violations. They refused to participate in the process if there wouldn t be more time for vetting. When not a single Democrat showed up on Tuesday, the vote could not proceed, because of a rule requiring at least one member from the minority party be present.Every single seat on the Democrats  side of the dais was empty.Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-UT) called the boycott  extraordinary circumstances  and allowed the Republicans in the room vote to suspend the rules of the committee.  They, on their own accord, refused to participate in the exercise,  he said.  They have nobody to blame but themselves. The day before, Hatch said the Democrats were  acting like idiots  for their boycott. He said that as if he has no memory of the obstruction Republicans openly launched against President Obama for 8 years.And Democrats have ample reasons to scrutinize the nominees. There is evidence that both Price and Mnuchin lied to the committee.That swamp is being filled with terrifying creatures:For example, Mnuchin has even acknowledged that his answers were not  true, accurate, and complete,  as was apparent from his need to revise his initial disclosure questionnaire twice because of entities he  inadvertently missed.  He also testified that OneWest Bank never used  robo-signers,  even though it frequently did.And there were already questions about whether he was qualified to serve in the position in the first place. Mnuchin s bank foreclosed on tens of thousands of people while accepting $1 billion in loan forgiveness from the FDIC, and may have even broken the law by backdating documents to rush foreclosures.Price, too, has issues. He was involved in legislation that could have benefited his stock holdings. His tax returns and financial disclosure statements were brought into question ahead of the hearing.In the end, both of Trump s nominees were approved 14 0.Hatch was confronted by reporters who rushed over to the building because of the little notice given to the public about the meeting to suspend the rules. He reportedly chuckled and said,  You were scrambling? Well, you know, that s neither here nor there. Hatch admitted that he has not yet spoken with the committee s top Democrat, Sen. Ron Wyden.  I don t feel a bit sorry for them,  he said.Questions will be left unanswered:Democrats asked that Price offer clarify on  inaccurate and misleading answer to questions about privileged and discounted access to stocks,  and wanted Mnuchin to address  inaccurate and misleading answer to questions about the potentially illegal process known as robo-signing,  among other things. I don t care what they want at this point,  Hatch said.One thing we could agree with Trump on is that the swamp needs to be drained. Of course, we knew he wouldn t keep that promise. Republicans have launched an attack on democracy.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
2741," Reuters News Agency Declares War On Trump In The Most PERFECT Way, Trump HUMILIATED","Donald Trump s treatment of journalists is so bad that the Reuters news agency is now advising reporters to treat Trump like they would treat a foreign dictator.On Tuesday, Trump and his team announced that they will no longer send surrogates to appear on CNN, an escalation of the war Trump has been waging against the news network, which he calls  fake news  because they won t promote his agenda.Trump has even praised Fox New s biased reporting as something CNN should copy.Furthermore, Trump and his team have repeatedly threatened and tried to intimidate journalists for doing their jobs just because they aren t writing puff pieces that kiss Trump s ass.Well, Reuters is doing something about it.For 165 years, Reuters has been bringing us news from around the world. They ve been in the most peaceful and democratic places, but they ve also been in war zones and reported on the most dangerous and tyrannical regimes in world history.In a message to staff on Tuesday, Reuters Editor-in-Chief Steve Adler advised his reporters to start dealing with Trump the way they have dealt with brutal dictators in the past. It s not every day that a U.S. president calls journalists  among the most dishonest human beings on earth  or that his chief strategist dubs the media  the opposition party,  Adler wrote.  It s hardly surprising that the air is thick with questions and theories about how to cover the new Administration. Adler then revealed his solution for how reporters should handle Trump.So what is the Reuters answer? To oppose the administration? To appease it? To boycott its briefings? To use our platform to rally support for the media? All these ideas are out there, and they may be right for some news operations, but they don t make sense for Reuters. We already know what to do because we do it every day, and we do it all over the world.To state the obvious, Reuters is a global news organization that reports independently and fairly in more than 100 countries, including many in which the media is unwelcome and frequently under attack. I am perpetually proud of our work in places such as Turkey, the Philippines, Egypt, Iraq, Yemen, Thailand, China, Zimbabwe, and Russia, nations in which we sometimes encounter some combination of censorship, legal prosecution, visa denials, and even physical threats to our journalists. We respond to all of these by doing our best to protect our journalists, by recommitting ourselves to reporting fairly and honestly, by doggedly gathering hard-to-get information   and by remaining impartial. We write very rarely about ourselves and our troubles and very often about the issues that will make a difference in the businesses and lives of our readers and viewers.We don t know yet how sharp the Trump administration s attacks will be over time or to what extent those attacks will be accompanied by legal restrictions on our news-gathering. But we do know that we must follow the same rules that govern our work anywhere.If Donald Trump thinks his relationship with the media is going to get better because he attacks them, he should think again. Reuters is coming for him and he should be scared, especially if other news organizations follow their example.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2742," Trump Says His Ban Isn’t A Ban And Only Keeps ‘Bad’ People Out, Gets His A** Handed To Him","Donald Trump just got caught lying on Twitter again and got totally humiliated with his own tweets.The world is still reeling after Trump signed an executive order banning travelers from entering the United States from seven different countries that he considers a  threat  to American safety.Trump has been touting his Muslim ban as one of his greatest achievements even though it is totally unconstitutional.Pretty much everyone understands that his order is a ban.But on Wednesday morning, Trump actually tried to claim that his order may not be a ban at all by claiming that everyone is arguing about whether or not it s a ban. He also claimed that the purpose of the ban is to keep  bad  people out of the country as if  bad  people only come from those nations.Everybody is arguing whether or not it is a BAN. Call it what you want, it is about keeping bad people (with bad intentions) out of country!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 1, 2017Twitter users were not amused, and they ripped Trump tweet to shreds.@realDonaldTrump makes sense you d kick off Black History Month with a lie, since racist lies is how you started your Presidential campaign.  Alex Zalben (@azalben) February 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump hey, remember this  bad  five year old? What bad intentions! https://t.co/fLrIr6mc44  Alex Zalben (@azalben) February 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump oh man, look at these bad, wheelchair bound ladies: https://t.co/NrG1DSRdWr  Alex Zalben (@azalben) February 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump here s a clearly bad person with bad intentions, who you actually killed https://t.co/5fjaFKcaVM  Alex Zalben (@azalben) February 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump you re lying. You ve always been lying. You ve lied so much, you don t know what the truth is. And now it s costing lives.  Alex Zalben (@azalben) February 1, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Women and children who are seeking safety have  bad intentions ?  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 1, 2017.@realDonaldTrump & you called it a  ban,  so maybe that set a precedent: pic.twitter.com/lRYDFTCl3Q  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) February 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump an entire nation isn t  Bad  let alone 7 of them. pic.twitter.com/5hJBTcIyTt  AJ Joshi (@AJ) February 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump Nobody is arguing you called it a ban yourself.https://t.co/bFEtgpDtE2  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) February 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump once again here https://t.co/PzyacqxVkC  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) February 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump also here  https://t.co/hOykNiMgMy  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) February 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump Hang on, you said it was a ban, then Spicer said several times it wasn t, and now you re admitting it can be. Embarrassing.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) February 1, 2017@realDonaldTrump Like families, Olympic athletes and Oscar nominees? Blanket generalizations like this are ridiculous and discriminatory.  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) February 1, 2017Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2743, Trump Announces That Surrogates Won’t Appear On Networks That Don’t ‘Promote’ His Agenda,"CNN viewers will no longer be entertained by the car crash-caliber antics of Trump s trailer park propaganda minister Kellyanne Conway. Politico reports that the Trump White House will be freezing out news organizations that do not  promote  his hateful agenda   and The Donald s favorite  fake news  outlet is the first victim of this extremely questionable policy. We re sending surrogates to places where we think it makes sense to promote our agenda,  a White House official explained. A CNN reporter had a more honest explanation of what is going on: They re trying to cull CNN from the herd. White House Press Secretary, notorious liar and legendary moron Sean Spicer, claims that the network is not being frozen out because he sometimes answers the network s questions but he does not deny that administration officials are not appearing on CNN. I m not going to sit around and engage with people who have no desire to actually get something right,  he said ironically, apparently forgetting that he famously falsely claimed that Trump had the biggest inaugural crowd  ever. Just last month, Trump refused to take a question from CNN because he says they are  fake news. This move is unprecedented. While Presidents have feuded with news networks in the past   President Obama and Fox News, for instance   they did not intentionally freeze out the networks. Obama officials, for example, appeared on Fox regularly.This is a clear attempt to damage CNN s ratings by denying them access to the Trump White House   an immature and unpresidential move by a thin-skinned bully, and it is entirely unacceptable to only send representatives to networks that are willing to lie for him.If the standard for the Trump White House sending representatives to a network is their willingness to  promote  his agenda, everyone should aspire to be exactly like CNN. No news network should ever promote any President s agenda when it conflicts with the facts.Featured image via screengrab/Getty Images (Drew Angerer)",0
2744, WATCH: Jon Stewart Joins Colbert To HUMILIATE Trump For Issuing Tyrannical Executive Orders,"As Donald Trump continues to issue executive orders as if he is a king, Jon Stewart showed up on The Late Show with Stephen Colbert to mock him.Stewart has been humiliating Trump for years so this was just like riding a bike. Once you do it, you never forget how to do it. And Stewart absolutely nailed Trump on Tuesday night.As Colbert spoke about Trump s unconstitutional executive orders, Stewart interrupted and surprised a gleeful crowd in the process.Stewart sat down and told Colbert that he knows what Trump s next executive orders will be and proceeded to act like Trump while reading them off. I hereby direct that to secure our border, China shall immediately and without hesitation send us their wall. Done. Boom!  Stewart began.It makes sense, too, since Trump has repeatedly antagonized China over the last few months to the point where a confrontation could occur between China and the United States in the near future if Trump continues to to try to bully them.Stewart then declared that America has a new national language. The new official language of the United States is bullshit,  he said.  I, Donald J. Trump, have instructed my staff to speak only in bullshit. Stewart went on to declare that the staff must only speak bullshit at work and at home. None of those pesky facts are acceptable at any time.Then Stewart revealed the third executive order Trump will sign. I Donald J. Trump am exhausting. It has been eleven days, Stephen. Eleven f*cking days. Eleven! The presidency is supposed to age the president, not the public. The reason that I, Donald J. Trump, am exhausting is that every instinct and fiber of my pathological self regard calls me to abuse of power.Stewart then mocked Trump s request to have tanks at his parade and his whining because he isn t adored by the whole nation.Stewart compared Trump to Emperor Palpatine from Star Wars and said that the American people are going to have a hell of a fight trying to prevent him from destroying democracy. We have never faced this before,  Stewart concluded.  Purposeful, vindictive chaos. But Stewart urged Americans to keep fighting because if America can somehow survive through the next four years and defeat Trump in 2020, we can truly make America great again.Here s the video via VidMe.It sure would be nice to have Jon Stewart on our televisions every day to bring laughter to our lives as Trump continues to cause national and worldwide chaos.Featured image via screenshot",0
2745, Sean Spicer Refused To Define ‘Betrayal’ So The Merriam-Webster Dictionary Did It For Him (TWEETS),"On Tuesday, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer refused to define the word  betrayal  after President Asterisk accused former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates of  betraying  the Justice Department by refusing to enforce his unconstitutional Muslim ban. Is it a betrayal? That s a very odd word,  one reporter asked Spicer. Another asked why the word was used. One, probably correctly assuming that Spicer just didn t know the definition, asked him to provide one. I m not going to define the word,  Spicer replied defiantly. But not to worry, the Merriam-Webster dictionary came to the rescue, throwing some serious shade Spicer s way in the process:?Lookups for 'betrayal' spiked after Sean Spicer said ""I'm not going to define the word.""We defined the word. https://t.co/alq6KqMgnF  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) January 31, 2017To help Spicer out, Merriam-Webster went into quite a bit of detail in their explanation:Betrayal is the noun that came from the verb betray, which has several meanings, including  to deliver to an enemy by treachery,   to fail or desert especially in time of need,   to reveal unintentionally,  and  to disclose in violation of confidence.  Betrayal means  the act of betraying or fact of being betrayed. Betray was used in President Trump s memo dismissing Yates:The acting Attorney, General Sally Yates, has betrayed the Department of Justice by refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States.Although the verb betray has been in use for a considerable length of time dating back to the 13th century, the noun betrayal is much more recent. Our records indicate that the word began to enter general use around the turn of the 17th and 18th centuries.I am to let my Moderation be known unto all Men: How? Not in a sinful Compliance with unwarrantable Practices, or a Tracherous betrayal of our Constitution either in Church or State, any more then Prosecuting the Interests of either with a bitter and unbecoming Zeal.In Monday s announcement, Yates wrote:My responsibility is to ensure that the position of the Department of Justice is not only legally defensible, but is informed by our best view of what the law is after consideration of all the facts. In addition, I am responsible for ensuring that the positions we take in court remain consistent with this institution s solemn obligation to always seek justice and stand for what is right. At present, I am not convinced that the defense of the Executive Order is consistent with these responsibilities nor am I convinced that the Executive Order is lawful.They also recently helped out with  refugee. 'Refugee' came directly from the French word 'r fugi '. The word originally referred to the Huguenots. https://t.co/CcQX1HG1r4  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) January 28, 2017 And  Calamity,  a word many are using to describe Trump s presidency.? @JohnWDean bears witness: Says Trump 'calamity' is almost a certainty. #NowTrending https://t.co/IV963Qt5zC  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) January 31, 2017 And made the Right feel stupid for calling people  snowflakes  when the term should be turned inward:In Missouri in the early 1860s, a 'snowflake' was a person who was opposed to the abolition of slavery. https://t.co/XtIlA4ARV5  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) January 30, 2017Merriam-Webster also made headlines when Trump called something an  unpresidented  act:Good morning! The #WordOfTheDay is not 'unpresidented'. We don't enter that word. That's a new one. https://t.co/BJ45AtMNu4  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) December 17, 2016When liberals joke that Trump supporters  greatest enemy is the dictionary, we often have no idea how right we are.Featured image via Getty Images (Alex Wong)/screengrab",0
2746, FIRST LOOK: Obamas Spotted In British Virgin Islands On Well-Deserved Vacation (VIDEO),"With everything being so utterly chaotic under the new seeming dictatorship of Donald Trump, it s left many longing for the days of former President Barack Obama.In only a little over a week, Trump has signed nearly two dozen Executive Orders, causing chaos at home and abroad.However, for all those desperately seeking a break from the new fascist regime of the Trump administration, the Obama family was spotted in the British Virgin Islands.According to TMZ: Barack and Michelle were spotted Tuesday on one of the British Virgin Islands with their pal, Sir Richard Branson. The former First Couple touched down on Branson s nearby Necker Island just over a week ago. The Obamas look happy and healthy and, best of all, relaxed. They definitely seem to be taking in the sun and sand of a very deserved vacation after being First Family of the nation for eight years. Goodness knows they need it.The last thing the Obamas likely want is to be brought into the turmoil of the Trump administration. However, knowing Barack Obama, and the fact the fact that he loves the nation more than himself, he ll undoubtedly do whatever he can to prevent Trump from unraveling his eight years of progress.In the mean time, enjoy the Obamas are enjoying their time off.Watch here:Barack Obama & Michelle Obama spotted out in the British Virgin Islands pic.twitter.com/IhWsoRXbxu  MEFeater Magazine (@mefeater) February 1, 2017Featured image via video screen capture",0
2747, Sean Spicer Just Said The DUMBEST Thing About Obama’s ‘Fourth Term’ In Office (VIDEO),"According to White House Propaganda Minister Sean Spicer, it was completely fine that conservatives endlessly delayed President Obama s Supreme Court pick because it was his  fourth term. I know what you re thinking   The White House press secretary couldn t possibly be so stupid that he would not know how many terms a President can legally serve (two)   but it s true. Spicer explained that the Democrats had a responsibility to confirm any  qualified  Supreme Court nominee of Trump s despite the campaign last year to deprive President Obama of the same courtesy. According to Spicer, this is completely different because: There s never been a situation in which you had a fourth term, someone that late in an election cycle. That had never occurred before. And I think the Senate Republicans were very clear that we should wait and let the voters have a choice. And that s exactly what happened. Yes, fourth term. We didn t even get the third term conservatives were sure Obama would have and the rest of us desperately wish he could have had and Spicer thinks he served for 16 years. but he is right that the obstruction on the part of the GOP was unprecedented. There really is something unique about the position Republican senators are taking with respect to the Scalia vacancy,  law professor Jason Mazzone told The New York Times last year.  We really did not find any precedent for the idea, notwithstanding the Senate s very broad powers in this area, that a sitting president could be denied outright the authority to offer up a nominee who would receive evaluation through normal Senate processes. There is a difference between the Senate rejecting, as it s quite entitled to do, a particular nominee on the merits, and the Senate taking the position that a president cannot exercise a constitutionally delegated power,  he added.Trump s nominee isn t exactly qualified, as he has sided against the right of women to have available to them a full array of healthcare options, including a decision related to Hobby Lobby. He has also stated that  secular courts  do not have the right to interfere with [the Christian] religion, even when businesses are practicing discrimination against women.Watch Spicer s latest f*ckup below:Featured image via screenshots",0
2748, Democratic Senator Joins #THERESISTANCE: Says Trump Stole Obama’s SCOTUS Seat (DETAILS),"We all remember when Justice Antonin Scalia died last year, leaving a vacancy on the United States Supreme Court. As a result of his death, President Barack Obama did his job and nominated a qualified federal judge to replace Scalia on the Supreme Court, Merrick Garland.Garland was a centrist, and a completely uncontroversial nominee for the land s highest court. However, Mitch McConnell decided that his goal was to obstruct President Obama, and he and the rest of the Republicans in the Senate decided not to meet with Judge Garland, and to give him no hearing and no vote. Now that we have a new president in Donald Trump, a right-wing extremist approved by far-right activist groups like the Heritage Foundation has been nominated in one Neil Gorsuch. To that end, Democrats are taking to the streets as they have been doing since Trump s election to pressure their elected Senators to oppose Trump s pick.One Democratic Senator, Jeff Merkley (D-Oregon) has said that he will defend and keep open the Supreme Court seat that was effectively stolen from President Obama. Merkley says via Twitter:Not only is this a stolen seat, but @realDonaldTrump has nominated a far right extremist. Unacceptable. https://t.co/9bkw4QODXD pic.twitter.com/iVHDdb2Pn9  Senator Jeff Merkley (@SenJeffMerkley) February 1, 2017Part of the statement reads: This strategy of packing the court, if successful, could threaten fundamental rights in America, including workers  right to organize, women s reproductive rights, and the rights of ordinary citizens to have their voices heard in elections rather than being drowned out by the corrupting influenceof dark money from the richest Americans. If President Trump were serious about healing the divisions in America and undoing the damage wrought by Senate Republicans last year, he could have named Merrick Garland to fill this seat. Garland is a centrist jurist who is respected on both sides of the aisle. Instead, he doubled down on division by picking an ideological and extreme nominee to satisfy the far right. Senator Merkley is right. The Court should not be packed with far-right   or, for that matter, far-left- ideologues. It should be filled with thoughtful, intellectual jurists who will not let personal opinions supercede the rule of law. That means nothing to the GOP, though; they just want their anti-worker, anti-poor, anti-gay, anti-immigrant, anti-woman agenda pushed through   damage to the nation s highest court be damned.In short, Merkley is urging his Democratic colleagues in the United States Senate to stand up to Republican obstruction, to make them look as bad as possible, and to save the Court from far-right ideologues who would destroy and roll back rights for all Americans except the rich, straight, white, and male a century.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2749," Trump’s SCOTUS Pick Sided With Hobby Lobby Against Women, Thinks Christianity Trumps ‘Secular Courts’","On Tuesday, Donald Trump announced the identity of his Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch. At first glance, Trump s pick appears to be a typical, hardworking Aryan man who pledges to uphold the Constitution. Unfortunately, he is not the man he pretends to be.The Denver Post notes that Gorsuch is best known for siding against reason and sanity in Burwell v. Hobby Lobby Stores. On top of that, he feels that anything related to Christianity   including attempts to use the religion as a shield while a bigoted corporation denies women full access to their healthcare options   is above  secular courts. It is not for secular courts to rewrite the religious complaint of a faithful adherent, or to decide whether a religious teaching about complicity imposes  too much  moral disapproval on those only  indirectly  assisting wrongful conduct,  Gorsuch wrote in his opinion. Ultimately, the then conservative-heavy Supreme Court ruled in favor of corporations  right to deprive people to healthcare options if they slap a Bible verse next to their explanation of their decision. Gorsuch also sided with a Catholic organization in another anti-Obamacare case. Judge Gorsuch has a record of ruling in a way that does not reflect Colorado values on reproductive rights. This is a pro-choice state that supports the constitutional right to abortion enshrined in Roe v. Wade and the right to privacy enshrined in Griswold v. Connecticut   beliefs that are contradicted in Judge Gorsuch s ruling in Hobby Lobby and Little Sisters,  Karen Middleton, executive director of NARAL Pro-Choice Colorado, said following Trump s announcement. Colorado has a long, bipartisan history of supporting reproductive rights. Judge Gorsuch does not reflect the will of our state or the constitutional rights of American women and we would oppose his nomination. It s not just Colorado whose values Gorsuch doesn t reflect. A full 89 percent of Americans say that birth control is morally acceptable, compared to 72 percent who say the same about divorce and 13 percent who are in favor of cloning human. He and Trump may be in the minority, but nevertheless Gorsuch has taken his first step toward a lifetime position where he can continue to push his poisonous views and agenda.It might seem like an attractive idea to hope that Gorsuch will do his job well, but we cannot gamble with a lifetime position. It is up to us as Americans to demand that our elected officials say  no  to this man, who clearly is unable to think rationally wherever  moral  issues are concerned.Featured Image via Getty Images/Alex wong",0
2750, It Took A Scathing Letter From Canada’s Prime Minister To Make Fox News FINALLY Correct Fake Story,"Fox News couldn t wait to try to spin the Quebec mosque attack. Jumping on early reports, Fox tweeted yesterday,  Suspect in Quebec mosque terror attack was of Moroccan origin, reports show.  Well, this turned out not to be the case at all. In fact, the shooter was actually a white man who had quietly become a Trump-loving right-wing extremist.However, Fox never bothered to take down the post once the truth became clear. I mean, a right-wing nutjob shooting up a mosque hardly helps convince their  poorly educated  viewers that every Muslim is a terrorist, now does it? The Moroccan guy ended up just having been a witness to the deadly attack. So, the  news  channel (and I use that word very loosely), tweeted this follow-up statement but failed to delete the original post.@FoxNews Mosque attack suspect formally charged w/ six counts of murder; Second man cleared, identified as a witness https://t.co/oRzxGHEXDm  Fox News (@FoxNews) January 30, 2017Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau was not about to let Fox get away with using his nation s tragedy to advance their bigoted agenda. Trudeau s director of communications, Kate Purchase, tweeted out an entire letter to Fox on Tuesday afternoon demanding that Fox  either retract or update the tweet to reflect the suspect s actual identity. Earlier today I sent an email to @FoxNews about their misleading tweet yesterday. We will continue to stand up for our citizens (1/3) pic.twitter.com/sGz47PxMcb  Kate Purchase (@katepurchase) January 31, 2017(2/3) pic.twitter.com/QLABzidxa4  Kate Purchase (@katepurchase) January 31, 2017(3/3) pic.twitter.com/PosgwkBJqR  Kate Purchase (@katepurchase) January 31, 2017Following the scathing letter, Fox finally deleted the tweet which claimed that the shooter had been Moroccan rather than a Trump-loving white guy. After the tweet was deleted, Trudeau s director of communications thanked them for finally removing the misleading information.Thank you @FoxNews for deleting the tweet. We appreciate it.  Kate Purchase (@katepurchase) February 1, 2017Mediaite reports that Fox gave them this statement:  FoxNews.com initially corrected the misreported information with a tweet and an update to the story on Monday. The earlier tweets have now been deleted. We regret the error. Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2751, WATCH: Jake Tapper STUNNED Into Disbelief Listening To Sean Spicer Whine That Press Says ‘Ban’,"Sean Spicer is doing his level best to make enemies out of the press and paint Trump as a victim of the media s alarmist lies. Or something. Today it was about Trump s Muslim ban   Spicer seems to be irritated that the media keeps saying  ban.  Apparently, Spicer thinks that everyone needs to stop using that word because Trump s Muslim ban is not a ban of any sort. Trump said so.CNN s Jake Tapper couldn t seem to keep his jaw off the floor while covering Spicer s comments. Trump said  ban  on Twitter, and Sean Spicer has said  ban  multiple times himself. Tapper starts off with Spicer s comments, and then launches into a fact-check: Not a ban, okay. But I could ve sworn I heard somebody in the Trump administration using the term  ban  before. Was it possibly President Trump, on Twitter? Oh well gee, with it up in print, one would think Spicer would be a little smarter. Not only is he not, though, he seems to have forgotten that he himself used the word  ban  to describe the Muslim ban multiple times himself.Tapper wonders aloud why, if Spicer objects to a term, he keeps using it. The way he ends it is so spot-on that it s almost side-splitting.Watch below:.@jaketapper with a remarkable 2-minute fact-check on @PressSec pic.twitter.com/GGjQ21GMUb  Nolan D. McCaskill (@NolanDMcCaskill) January 31, 2017Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
2752, An Anonymous Group Just Revealed The Direct Phone Numbers For White House Staffers,"Just after Donald Trump was sworn in, his administration dismantled the White House switchboard comment operating system. But now, there s a way to circumvent the alleged president s attempt to stifle dissention, thanks to an anonymous group. There was a time when this wasn t necessary. The public could call to express concerns during the Obama administration, but that was then and this is now. The public comments line was shut down and people who want to call in to complain are prompted to send messages through Facebook Messenger or other forms of social media. The  for all Americans  fake president doesn t want to hear your complaints. He is in power to receive adulation and nothing less.Then  White House Comment Line,  created by an anonymous group, came to the rescue. Open communication is the foundation of a good, functioning democracy,  a spokesperson for the group explained to the Gothamist in a statement.  But it s a two-way street. Right now there s  information  coming out of the White House to the people, but not much the other way around. They may have shut down the comment line, but we the people still have comments. In light of that, we wanted to create one way for the people to be heard. The group released phone numbers of White House staffers but intentionally did not include any they believed had a role in national security.The Gothamist reports:A solid chunk of the numbers were disconnected, probably during the Obama-to-Trump transition, but it s possible they ll be put back in use if Trump ever gets around to hiring White House staffers. We ve been calling the numbers on the list and have found a few fun ones somewhere in there you ll get a voice mailbox belonging to one  Conway, Kellyanne.  See if you can leave her a message before it s disconnected.Here are the phone numbers in the list that work: +1 (202) 456-1259 +1 (202) 456-1260 +1 (202) 456-3323 +1 (202) 456-3376 +1 (202) 395-1194 +1 (202) 456-1565 +1 (202) 395-1608 +1 (202) 456-2046 +1 (202) 456-2500 +1 (202) 456-4640 +1 (202) 456-3256 +1 (202) 456-3878 +1 (202) 395-1480 +1 (202) 456-3450 +1 (202) 456-4655 +1 (202) 456-4770 +1 (202) 456-1781 +1 (202) 456-2395 +1 (202) 395-4840 +1 (202) 456-3248 +1 (202) 456-4391 +1 (202) 456-7560 +1 (202) 456-4348 +1 (202) 456-3443 +1 (202) 456-2975 +1 (202) 456-3255 +1 (202) 456-4708 +1 (202) 456-3873 +1 (202) 456-6758 +1 (202) 456-5979 +1 (202) 456-4257 +1 (202) 456-4384 +1 (202) 456-5849 +1 (202) 456-4319 +1 (202) 456-4759 +1 (202) 456-5677 +1 (202) 456-1125 +1 (202) 456-4761 +1 (202) 456-4687 +1 (202) 456-4747 +1 (202) 456-2357 +1 (202) 456-4265The group hopes told the Gothamist that they hope people will let staffers know how they feel about certain policies to  demand fairness and transparency in the policy making process. Please call them and be sure to say  Heeyyyyy!  from AddictingInfo.Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images.",0
2753, Trump Jr. Just ‘Liked’ Tweet Praising Mosque Shooting In Quebec; The Reason Why Is Even Worse (IMAGE),"When it comes to how shameless the Trump family seems to be, it seems to be limitless. They seem to only care about what effects them personally, and how powerful they can become at whatever cost comes to others along the way.What Donald Trump Jr. just  Liked  on Twitter is just more proof of this.As several Muslims in Quebec, Canada, perished in a Mosque shooting, many mourned this loss. It was a horrific act of violence, and no one should ever have to be a part of such a thing.However, having no heart and clearly no grasp of the details of the situation, Trump Jr. decided he would appreciate how much political capital could come out of this if the shooter was Muslim.The tweet Trump Jr.  Liked  reads as such: When it s revealed that the #QuebecShooting terrorists are Muslims, #Trump will have a tremendous spike in political capital. #MuslimBan via TwitterTrump Jr. seems to not so much care about the loss of life, but rather about the fact that his dad could score some political points.This is what a sociopath looks like.As it turns out, the shooter wasn t Muslim, and was, in fact, an extremist white guy who is a fan of Donald Trump. This isn t to say that Trump s anti-Muslim rhetoric here in the United States is what led to the shooting, but it certainly is an interesting, and very concerning, coincidence.It s disgusting that one of the first thoughts out of Donald Trump Jr. s brain was how he could use people dying to his dad s advantage. He should be ashamed of himself.Featured Photo by David Becker/Getty Images",0
2754, WATCH: Ellen DeGeneres Cleverly Uses ‘Finding Dory’ To Teach Trump That Walls Don’t Work,"When Ellen DeGeneres found out that Donald Trump watched Finding Dory as his immigration ban was causing worldwide chaos, she used it as a teaching moment.On Friday, Trump signed an unconstitutional executive order banning people traveling from seven countries from entering the United States. International outrage ensued as people and governments around the globs condemned the ban and protests raged across the country.On Sunday, Trump watched the Disney/Pixar film in the White House as the protests continued and apparently learned nothing from watching it.So on Tuesday, DeGeneres told Trump what he should have learned. I don t get political, so I m not gonna talk about the travel ban,  DeGeneres began.  I m just gonna talk about the very nonpolitical, family-friendly, People s Choice Award-winning Finding Dory. DeGeneres explained that the character of Dory lives in the ocean near Australia, but she decides to travel to America to find her parents, whom she remembers after getting her memory jogged. Dory and her friends reach California, only to find a wall standing in their way and they proceed to do what is necessary to get around the obstacle.Finding Dory is about a fish named Dory and Dory lives in Australia. These are here parents. They live in America. I don t know what religion they are but her dad sounds a little Jewish. Doesn t matter! Dory arrives in America with her friends Marlin and Nemo and she ends up at the Marine Life Institute behind a large wall. They all have to get over the wall and you won t believe it but that wall has almost no effect in keeping them out.   Even though Dory gets into America, she gets separated from her family. Other animals help Dory   animals that don t even need her, animals that don t have anything in common with her. They help her even though they re completely different colors because that s what you do when you see someone in need. You help them.Here s the video via YouTube.Indeed, walls are a main obstacle throughout the movie, but the characters find a way to circumvent them every time, just as immigrants are going to circumvent Trump s massive and expensive wall along the southern border.As the Berlin Wall teaches us, people will find a way no matter how deadly the risks are.At least 5,000 people entered West Germany across the heavily guarded wall to escape the tyranny of the Soviet Union. 138 people died trying.If people are desperate enough, they will find a way to live in America. Travel bans and walls will not stop immigrants and refugees from seeking a better life for themselves and their families.Featured image via screenshot",0
2755, Hot Mic Catches Someone Saying What We All Were Thinking During This GOP Presser (VIDEO),"On Tuesday, a hot mic at a House Republican presser caught someone saying exactly what we were all thinking.After House Speaker Paul Ryan told press that he was kept in the dark about Donald Trump s Muslim ban, someone was heard complaining that the press conference was a  waste of my f*cking time. Initially, it was rumored that Ryan   who had just told press that he and other Republicans were kept in the dark about Trump s Muslim ban until it was being implemented   had uttered the words. While he would have had every reason, Mediaite quickly quelled the rumor before it spread (a nice contrast to what we see happen in conservative media):Watching the video, Ryan was well away from the microphones when the comment was tossed out. In all likelihood, this was either a reporter or a tech who was a little too close (and loud) to the network s mic.The accusation was initially made by House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi s Deputy Chief of Staff Drew Hammill. Because he is adult, he apologized for the error and everyone went on with their day..@BrendanBuck tells me that was not his boss. Will take his word for it and I apologized.  Drew Hammill (@Drew_Hammill) January 31, 2017@Drew_Hammill thank you. appreciate it. he s not really an f-bomb guy.  Brendan Buck (@BrendanBuck) January 31, 2017But Ryan might as well have said it was a waste of his time, because it was. Today, we received confirmation that Donald Trump is completely shutting even his political allies out of the decision-making process. We were briefed on the contents of it as it was being rolled out,  Ryan said.  Clearly, none of us want to see people with green cards get implicated in this. And that s not the goal here. What the president has asked us to focus on, something that we ve ran on, is we ve got to secure our border,  he continued.  We have a border security problem, that s what the physical barrier on the border is all about and we have security concerns given this age of terrorism, given the fact that we have drugs coming across our border, we have an opioid problem. There are lots of reasons why our focus is first and foremost is on border security,  Ryan said.In other words, they ve been told to sit in the corner while daddy does the important stuff.This press conference was a waste of time. The Republican Party (and Congress as a whole) has been largely shut out of any major decisions in this country if Trump even remotely has the power to just do it himself   and unfortunately, he intends to use the full power of the presidency to do the same thing to America that he does to his businesses.Whomever was caught complaining was 100 percent right. There was no need for anyone to be there or for Republicans to pretend that they are even remotely important anymore in Trump s America. Thank you, anonymous hero, for pointing out exactly what is wrong with our country at the moment.Featured image via screengrab",0
2756," Trump Got An Eight-Year-Old American Girl Killed, Along With Other Children And Women","Donald Trump is an incompetent commander-in-chief and he just proved it with the first military raid he ordered.Since December 2014, the United States had refrained from putting boots on the ground in Yemen to fight terrorists because the region has become so dangerous and unstable.President Obama effectively used drone strikes to take down terrorist leaders instead.But in an apparent move to somehow prove that he s a tough guy, Trump ordered a military raid in Yemen that should get him arrested for murder.That s because an eight-year-old American girl was killed after being shot through the neck by American troops during the raid, which Trump and his team bragged about because 14 Al Qaeda militants were also killed.Nawar al-Awlaki surely was not expecting to die at the age of eight. But after two hours of suffering on Sunday, she passed away, thus being denied the chance to grow up by a tyrant thousands of miles away in the White House.Nawar was the daughter of Anwar al-Awlaki, a United States citizen who joined the terrorist organization and was subsequently killed by a drone strike in 2011. Her 16-year-old brother was killed by a drone strike two weeks later.But we re talking about an eight-year-old girl here. Not a terrorist. And she was an American citizen. She was hit with a bullet in her neck and suffered for two hours,  Nawar s grandfather Nasser al-Awlaki told the press.  Why kill children? This is the new (U.S.) administration   it s very sad, a big crime. Indeed, it is a crime and one that Trump and his entire administration should have to answer for.Nawar wasn t the only child to be murdered, however. Other children were killed in the raid and so were women. Medics on the scene said there were at least nine dead women and children because American military forces obeyed an order from a madman.And what s truly scary is that Trump is so willing to kill American citizens and call it  collateral damage. No one can say that this girl was a terrorist, yet she was killed anyway as if she were.One wonders whether Trump will start targeting Americans he considers his  enemies  now that white supremacist Steve Bannon sits on the National Security Council, the same council that makes the decisions about whether an American should be targeted for assassination. After all, Trump has no qualms about killing innocent children so clearly Trump would do anything and say it s all in the name of national security.White House mouthpiece Sean Spicer made that clear on Monday when he said that it would be  misguided and wrong  to NOT handcuff a five-year-old child who was being detained and separated from his mother by airport security because he was traveling from Iran, on of the seven nations including in Trump s Muslim ban.So not only is Trump killing children, he s having them arrested, too, just because they happen to have brown skin and have connections to nations in the Middle East. Seriously.This is the kind of bullshit that terrorists will use to recruit more people to their cause, which will make our country less safe down the road as terrorists make plans to get revenge.By killing this little girl along with other children and women, Trump is no better than the terrorists who indiscriminately kill Americans on our own soil. And he s going to continue displaying his incompetence when it comes to military matters for the next four years if nothing is done to remove him from power to show the world that we do not in any way condone what he is doing. That being said, it s time for the military to stand up to Trump and be as brave as acting Attorney General Sally Yates was before Trump fired her.The United States military should not be ordered to conduct a raid if it means innocent women and children will be killed. The price is just way too high.Featured image via Twitter",0
2757, WATCH: Trump Gets SKEWERED By Morning Joe For Firing Acting Attorney General Like A True Tyrant,"Joe Scarborough says Donald Trump is acting like a dictator because of the way he fired acting Attorney General Sally Yates.Yates stood up to Trump and refused to defend his unconstitutional executive order banning people from entering the United States if they are traveling from seven specific countries in the Middle East and Africa.The order violates constitutional rights and caused worldwide chaos over the weekend while sparking protests and condemnation around the globe. The acting Attorney General, Sally Yates, has betrayed the Department of Justice by refusing to enforce a legal order designed to protect the citizens of the United States,  Trump said in a statement from the White House.  Ms. Yates is an Obama Administration appointee who is weak on borders and very weak on illegal immigration. Trump s words shocked the Morning Joe host, who compared the way Trump fired Yates to how a tyrant would do it. The word  betrayed,  using the word betrayed for somebody, that s frightening,  Scarborough said on Tuesday morning.  That s what an autocrat would use, whoever put that word in there. An autocrat is just another term for  dictator  or  tyrant. Scarborough went on to slam Trump for acting like a petulant child. There are people that can have reasonable differences without saying that, if they don t agree with you, they ve betrayed you. That is frightening, chilling language, whether they had a right to do this or not  But saying somebody  betrayed  the Justice Department because they don t agree with you? Take that to Venezuela, OK? We don t really want to use that sort of language here. It s time for you guys to grow up. Here s the video via YouTube.Apparently, Donald Trump intends to fire anyone in our government who disagrees with him, and that s dangerous.Yates, as acting Attorney General, explained her responsibilities in a letter that makes it clear that she was trying to protect the integrity of the Justice Department by not jumping to defend an order without all the facts. My responsibility is to ensure that the position of the Department of Justice is not only legally defensible, but is informed by our best view of what the law is after consideration of all the facts. In addition, I am responsible for ensuring that the positions we take in court remain consistent with this institution s solemn obligation to always seek justice and stand for what is right. At present, I am not convinced that the defense of the executive order is consistent with these responsibilities nor am I convinced that the executive order is lawful. This is particularly scary because once Trump has full control of the Justice Department he will cripple it and no amount of protests or lawsuits will prevent him from doing so. We may even lose the power to oust Trump via elections. As long as Trump is allowed to solidify his power, no election will ever be fair and free again. And he will use the Justice Department to make sure of it, which means we will have no legal means to save democracy.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2758," Madeleine Albright SLAMS Trump For Muslim Ban, Makes STUNNING Suggestion That Could Save Us All (VIDEO)","Donald Trump s executive order to ban travelers from Muslim-majority countries has been met with an onslaught of criticism.One of the people continuing to speak out against Trump is former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright, who slammed Trump in an interview with Chris Cuomo earlier today. Criticizing Trump s ban and the team that helped move it forward, Albright made a suggestion that could save America from this doomed, terrifying presidency: It would be helpful if the people at the top of our government actually read the Constitution. Because clearly, Trump knows nothing about it. Albright smacked down Trump s  unprepared plan , stating that what he was doing was actually putting America in danger instead of making  America Safe Again.  She said: It has actually created more danger. Because there are countries that are now, in fact, not able to cooperate with us in terms of intelligence sharing or generally mistrust, and there s going to be tit for tat, where we have troops in Iraq and we have to worry how they are going to be treated. Albright also stated that Trump created chaos and turmoil not only within the U.S., but on an international level as well. I think it s one of the worst decisions. And then blaming a whole religion for this is truly outrageous and un-American. I think the question is, there s danger in the world, no question about it, but all the facts that you have been presenting in terms of who are the ones that commit terrorist attacks, it s not people that come from those seven countries. Albright posed the critical question: why weren t the countries that are actually a danger on the banned list? She stated that Trump s ban was  not based on facts    because no refugee has actually attacked the U.S. in over 40 years. Trump didn t even put the countries that the 9/11 hijackers came from on the list. Albright said: There are lots of questions that have not been answered. Part of what really bothers me is that this country is based on diversity and respecting diverse opinions. What is happening is that this administration is making decisions based on the decisions of people that are uninformed about what is going on in the world. Albright herself was a refugee, having escaped then-Czechoslovakia shortly after Nazi occupation started. Her parents were Jewish and she lost many family members due to the Holocaust. Albright condemned Trump for leaving Jews out of his Holocaust Remembrance Day proclamation. She said: I think that it was really unbelievable, in terms of what day it was issued, on Holocaust Memorial Day, and not to understand the suffering. By the way, that one of the things people remember about the United States is that during the 1930s a ship of Jews was turned away from America. Is that the things we want to remember is how we turn people away from this country when they need help? You can watch Albright crush Trump below:Just a few days ago, Albright stood in solidarity with Muslims and said she was  ready to register as Muslim. We need more voices like Albright s to fight the tyranny that America has just come under.Featured image via Jessica Kourkounis / Getty Images",0
2759," BREAKING: Trump DEVASTATED, Drops Anti-LGBT Executive Order After Facing Public Outrage (DETAILS)","If the halting of Donald Trump s disgusting Muslim ban was any indication, Trump is quickly learning that the American people will do whatever it takes to stop his tyranny from infringing upon the true values of America and the constitutional rights of every citizen.Recently, the Trump administration tried to move forward with an executive order attacking LGBTQ rights, and was forced to drop it after America responded with an onslaught of backlash and criticism. Facing immediate public outcry, the White House released a statement: President Donald J. Trump is determined to protect the rights of all Americans, including the LGBTQ community. President Trump continues to be respectful and supportive of LGBTQ rights, just as he was throughout the election. The President is proud to have been the first ever GOP nominee to mention the LGBTQ community in his nomination acceptance speech, pledging then to protect the community from violence and oppression. The executive order signed in 2014, which protects employees from anti-LGBTQ workplace discrimination while working for federal contractors, will remain intact at the direction of President Donald J. Trump. Of course, the statement makes zero mention of the fact that Trump might create another executive order that would allow for workplace discrimination. However, Trump s draft of his halted executive order would have allowed employers to fire workers based on their sexual orientation, and would have allowed federally funded adoption and social service agencies to discriminate against the LGBT community. Federal employees would have also been able to refuse service to LGBT individuals. With that being said, it s hilarious that the White House s statement talks about how  respectful  and  supportive  Trump is when it comes to LGBT rights. But regardless, we re just fortunate that he s been stopped in his tracks.Trump s tyranny is terrifying, but one small silver lining that shouldn t be forgotten is the fact that he is so thin-skinned and sensitive. His narcissism and desperate need for approval make him more easily swayed to public pressure, and public protests bother him more than anything else. The media was swift in reporting Trump s executive order draft before he could sign it, and the public worked just as fast to express outrage. This takes away significant power from Trump, as it is truly humiliating for him to receive so much backlash on the world stage. We need to keep this momentum going, and build upon the resistance we ve already seen   because it is working.Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
2760," BUSTED: Trump’s Education Nominee Plagiarized, Which Students Are Taught Not To Do","How can we expect our kids to do their homework when the nominee for the top education post in the nation won t even bother doing her own homework?A Senate questionnaire is not exactly difficult to fill out. You provide your own answers to the questions asked and then your answers are evaluated by the committee tasked with considering your nomination.It s easy for anyone who is intelligent and hard-working.But rather than present her own work, Secretary of Education nominee Betsy DeVos chose to just copy and paste her answers verbatim from other sources without citations.According to the Washington Post,In answering a set of questions from Sen. Patty Murray (D-Wash.) on how she would address bullying of LGBT students, DeVos wrote:  Every child deserves to attend school in a safe, supportive environment where they can learn, thrive, and grow. That sentence is almost identical to language used by Vanita Gupta, head of the Justice Department s civil rights division under President Barack Obama, in a news release announcing the administration s controversial guidance to schools on how to accommodate transgender students. Every child deserves to attend school in a safe, supportive environment that allows them to thrive and grow,  Gupta said in the May 2016 release.Oh, and that s not all. DeVos also copied directly from the the department she wants to destroy.In one response, to a question about whether she would continue the practice of publishing a list of schools under Title IX civil rights investigations, DeVos said,  Opening a complaint for investigation in no way implies that the Office for Civil Rights (OCR) has made a determination about the merits of the complaint. That language mirrors an Education Department website:  Opening a complaint for investigation in no way implies that OCR has made a determination with regard to the merits of the complaint. DeVos committed plagiarism throughout the 62-page questionnaire. Apparently, she was too lazy to make a real effort. It s either that or she s just not smart enough to answer easy questions. Either way, plagiarism is something students are taught not to do in school and when they get caught they get punished for it by getting a failing grade on the assignment or even expulsion.But DeVos is not a student in school. She s an adult who is up for the top education post in the country. And frankly, that makes her plagiarism much worse and more embarrassing.She should immediately withdraw her name from the nomination or the Senate should reject her. It would be entirely inappropriate for the Secretary of Education to be someone who refuses to do their own homework in their own words. Surely, we want our Secretary of Education to be someone with integrity and real intelligence. Betsy DeVos has neither.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images ",0
2761, ‘We’re Getting Hammered’: GOP Lawmaker Feeling Pressure Over Obamacare Repeal (VIDEO),"Virginia Congressman Dave Brat is feeling the heat from his constituents, especially women. Republicans are moving to repeal Obamacare and his constituents are putting the pressure on him. Since Obamacare and these issues have come up, the women are in my grill no matter where I go,  he told a conservative audience at an event on Saturday.  They come up    When is your next town hall?  And believe me, it s not to give positive input. I had one woman on my Facebook say she was going to get up in my grill,  he said.  There s paid protesters   paid activists on the far left, not my Democratic friends I go to church with. They re being paid to go around and raise havoc. We re getting hammered,  Brat added.There is a Facebook page dedicated to the Virginia Republican which uses the hashtag #AskBrat so it doesn t appear that they re  paid. Karen Conley of Henrico County said she called Brat s office recently to express support for the Affordable Care Act, which keeps her family insured. Nobody is being paid or put up to this by an outside organization,  Conley said.  Everybody is putting in their time and effort because they re dissatisfied with the representation. They feel dismissed, and that their concerns aren t valid because they re not being responded to. It s not just a partisan issue anymore. Alsuin Preis, another of Brat s constituents, said many of the people who are trying to meet with the congressman had supported him during his campaign. This is not about going to a town hall about haranguing Dave Brat or just throwing out jabs,  Preis told WTVR-TV.  We want to discuss our concerns. Brat plans to hold town hall meetings after the first 100 days of the Donald Trump administration. Over the past couple of weeks my office has been inundated with phone calls, and emails and comments on social media requesting a town hall meeting, and believe me, I fully intend to have plenty of town halls that are open and transparent as soon as our first 100 days agenda is implemented and we come up for a breath of air,  Brat wrote on Facebook.Some of Brat s constituents are requesting a town hall meeting before the first 100 days of Trump s alleged presidency.Watch:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = ""//connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.3"";  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));Dave Brat meets with District 1 at Hanover Tavern 1/28/17Thoughts?""When is the next Town Hall meeting?"" is not an accusation, it's a question. Congressman Dave Brat, your constituents would like to hear from you. You ran on a platform that you would be more accessible and we could hold you accountable, right? We would love to hear more about things you talked about in this video. #AskBratPosted by 7th District Town Hall Meeting on Saturday, January 28, 2017The conservative audience laughed as Brat explained that women are concerned that their health care will be taken away. Because it s really funny to take away our health care without a viable replacement.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
2762," Trump Whines Because Democrats Are Blocking His Cabinet Nominees, Gets Informed That Karma Is A B*tch","Donald Trump fired acting Attorney General Sally Yates on Monday and proceeded to whine about how Democrats are blocking his nominees. Twitter responded by teaching him about karma.For eight years, Republicans blocked many of President Obama s nominees, including one nominee who died waiting to be confirmed as the Ambassador to the Bahamas. Cassandra Butts waited for two long years and died without getting the opportunity to serve her country. And Republicans blocked President Obama s nomination of Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court for almost a year before it expired due to the end of Obama s second term in office.This unprecedented obstruction has rallied Democrats to do the exact same thing to Trump, but Democrats have far better reasons to block Trump s nominees since they intend to help him destroy this country.One particular nominee Democrats are blocking is Jeff Sessions, whom Trump nominated as Attorney General. The problem is that Sessions is a racist who wants to cripple civil rights and voting rights and that will be easy to do if he is allowed to control the Justice Department.So Trump complained about the obstruction on Monday night and again on Tuesday morning.The Democrats are delaying my cabinet picks for purely political reasons. They have nothing going but to obstruct. Now have an Obama A.G.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 31, 2017Nancy Pelosi and Fake Tears Chuck Schumer held a rally at the steps of The Supreme Court and mic did not work (a mess)-just like Dem party!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 31, 2017When will the Democrats give us our Attorney General and rest of Cabinet! They should be ashamed of themselves! No wonder D.C. doesn t work!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 31, 2017Trump is a hypocrite. Again, Republicans did the same thing to President Obama for eight years, and his nominees were at least qualified for the jobs. Trump s nominees are not. And I don t recall Trump ever telling Republicans that they ought to be ashamed of themselves.The Internet, of course, ripped Trump a new one.@realDonaldTrump None of your cabinet picks are qualified. I would vote NO on all of them. Betsy Devos has no experience.  Matthew Schueller (@booshoe37) January 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump You are putting our entire country in danger. Step down NOW.  Jen Vargas (@jenvargas) January 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump As the Republicans reminded us in 2016 with Merrick Garland, the Senate has to advise *and* consent. Try to be patient.  Dave Hogg ? (@Stareagle) January 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump dude your party literally stole Obama s rightful SCOTUS pick after obstructing it for nearly an entire year  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) January 31, 2017.@realDonaldTrump  Betrayal ?! #SallyYates swore an oath of loyalty to the CONSTITUTION, not a bullying, narcissistic fascist. WE #RESIST  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) January 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump That s because you couldn t be trusted to pick out a cabinet from Ikea  Declan Cashin (@Tweet_Dec) January 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump or maybe your cabinet picks are garbage humans. Their moral compasses smaller than your tiny, pathetic hands.  Neil Miller (@rejects) January 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump if by  political reasons  you mean  objecting to appt of unqualified folks w/huge conflicts of interest  then, well, yeah.  rebeccaloebe (@rebeccaloebe) January 31, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Maybe if you didn t pick a guy who in 1986 was deemed too racist to be a judge  \_( )_/  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump you re running America like a reality TV show. You can t just say  you re fired  to everyone you don t like, Mr Trump.  Ben Rachinger (@BenSRachinger) January 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump This is how it s supposed to work: no one gets all the power. While you re waiting, maybe read up on checks and balances?  rebeccaloebe (@rebeccaloebe) January 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump You re surprised they re making it difficult for you to ruin the US ?  Henry Hall (@hj_hall) January 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump Merrick Garland, 321 days ago. Obstruction is the  O  in GOP.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) January 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump Your party explicitly stated that their job was to stop Obama at every turn through obstructionism. Damn hypocrite.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) January 31, 2017@realDonaldTrump Right? It s almost like refusing to move forward with a Supreme Court nomination for a president with 11 months left.  Aaron Gouveia (@DaddyFiles) January 31, 2017Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2763, The Internet Just Ripped Trump APART For Firing ‘God Damned American Hero’ Sally Yates,"Acting Attorney General Sally Yates refused to back Donald Trump and his bigoted Muslim Ban. In a move that will surprise no one ever, Trump flew into a rage and fired her. Now, the internet is ripping him apart.In a brave act of defiance, Yates announced on Monday that The Department of Justice would not enforce his executive order as long as she was attorney general.Read the message Sally Yates left for Justice Department lawyers before she was fired: https://t.co/c8IE9NfUQX pic.twitter.com/NhECBjKJkp  Los Angeles Times (@latimes) January 31, 2017Trump went full on fascist and fired Yates for her insubordination, sending a clear message to all federal employees: obey me, or else. In a scathing statement issued by White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, Yates was basically branded a traitor. The statement accused her of having  betrayed  the DOJ and described her as an  Obama Administration appointee who is weak on borders and very weak on immigration. Tonight,  the statement read,  President Trump has relieved Ms. Yates of her duties. Instantly, people began referring to Yates  firing as the  Monday Night Massacre.  This is a reference to when Richard Nixon ordered a special prosecutor be fired for refusing to stop looking into the Watergate scandal. As a result, two of the DOJ s top leaders resigned rather obey the shameful order. That night in 1973 became known as the  Saturday Night Massacre. #MondayNIghtMassacre #TrumpFiresYates #FiredForSupportingTheConstitution Thank you @SallyQYates for your bravery. pic.twitter.com/wmFiEDFOE4  Warren Leight (@warrenleightTV) January 31, 2017#mondaynightmassacre: took Nixon 5 years, Trump- 8 days  Janet Reitman (@janetreitman) January 31, 2017Trump now finds himself being absolutely shredded in the court of public opinion yet again while Yates is being hailed a hero for standing strong against his bully tactics.Someone updated Sally Yates  Wikipedia page pic.twitter.com/BkPynP3h3w  Tim Perone (@timperone) January 31, 2017Sally Yates lived her oath like MLK. Trump treats his oath as multiple choice. pic.twitter.com/vWT8MH85JT  D Wasserman Schultz (@DWStweets) January 31, 2017Sally Yates pic.twitter.com/mVKVAEh2H6  Akilah Hughes (@AkilahObviously) January 31, 2017Footage of Sally Yates leaving her office. #ThankYouSally pic.twitter.com/oZL57jeD1j  Amarnath Amarasingam (@AmarAmarasingam) January 31, 2017Featured image via Pete Marovich/Getty Images",0
2764, Trump’s Voter Fraud ‘Expert’ Just DISPROVED His Own Voter Fraud Argument In The Most Ironic Way Possible,"Ah, Trump and voter fraud. The subject that he can t let go because, on his warped planet, he s so beloved by everyone that there s no way he lost the popular vote. Donald Trump is just not a loser in any way, shape or form. So why is it that so many people around him are guilty or caught up in one of the things he himself decries: Being registered to vote in more than one state? His chief strategist, Steve Bannon, is guilty of that, which is bad enough.What s worse is that the person Trump is getting his  3 million people voted illegally and if it weren t for them I d have won everything  information from is likewise registered to vote in multiple states.The Associated Press has learned that Gregg Phillips, who praised True the Vote for allegedly uncovering  thousands of duplicate records and registrations of dead people,  is registered to vote in Alabama, Texas, and Mississippi. Three states.This is proof that voter fraud is rampant? Har de har har don t make us laugh too hard. It hurts.Now,  Gregg Phillips  isn t exactly a unique name. What the AP found, though, was that all three of these registrations had identical Social Security numbers. That makes it a little harder to claim that these registrations are to three different people who all happen to have the same name.This is the guy who tweeted, back in November, that he had evidence of three million people voting illegally and then never provided or published said evidence, but Trump jumped on it anyway, which is dangerous as hell.Phillips is on Twitter now, pretending that it s voter fraud in every case except for his:AP just wrote and said I am still registered to vote in MS, a place I haven t lived for 20 years. Makes my point, elections are broken.  Gregg Phillips (@JumpVote) January 30, 2017While that s a fair point, what Phillips totally fails to mention (because of course he does) is that it also illustrates the fact that being registered to vote in multiple states isn t indicative of voter fraud at all. Instead, it shows that the states aren t psychic. Most people registered to vote in multiple states didn t do that intentionally   they moved away (or died) and the states didn t realize that.All these people vote multiple times except for the two anal pustules known as Trump and Phillips.Sure. Right. There is no proof there, and if Trump wants to pretend there is, then he s got to find better evidence than one man who s registered to vote in three states.Trump and his little bestie here (at least, insofar as voter fraud is concerned) need to shut their goddamn mouths on this once and for all.Featured image by Andrew Harrer via Getty Images",0
2765," Fox News Rushes To ID Mosque Attacker As Moroccan Muslim — He’s A White, Christian, Nazi Trump Fan (TWEETS)","Want evidence that Fox News is a functional mouthpiece for the Trump administration? On Monday, the most watched news network in America lied to you. While it may see shocking that an American news agency would push blatant lies, they seem to have had a direct source  the Trump White House.White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer kicked off his press conference by claiming (falsely) that the attacker was both a Muslim and from Morocco.  It s a terrible reminder of why we must remain vigilant and why the President is taking steps to be proactive rather than reactive when it comes to our nation s safety and security, Spicer said at this afternoon s briefing when speaking of the Quebec City attack.Fox News reported the same information despite that it was never confirmed, tweeting it out in an almost celebratory fashion:Naturally, things got a bit embarrassing for the network   and Spicer, who is already dealing with the aftermath of saying that it s not only right but necessary to handcuff 5-year-old Muslim children and treat them like terrorists   when information surfaced that he wasn t from Morocco or a Muslim. In fact, he s a huge fan of Donald J. Trump:The actual shooting suspect is 27-year-old Alexandre Bissonnette, a white French Canadian who is, by all appearances, a rabid anti-immigrant nationalist. A leader of a local immigration rights groups, Fran ois Deschamps, told a local paper he recognized his photo as an anti-immigrant far-right  troll  who has been hostile to the group online. And Bisonnette s Facebook page   now taken down but still archived  lists among its  likes  the far right French nationalist Marine Le Pen, Islam critics Richard Dawkins and Christopher Hitchens, the Israeli Defense Forces, and Donald J. Trump (he also  likes  the liberal Canadian Party NDP along with more neutral  likes  such as Tom Hanks, the Sopranos and Katy Perry).Fox News responded by changing a few lines in their original report and never actually issuing a retraction or apology. In fact, as of 7:06 P.M. EST, the tweet is still live:Suspect in Quebec mosque terror attack was of Moroccan origin, reports show https://t.co/oRzxGHEXDm pic.twitter.com/aEsEtccMvi  Fox News (@FoxNews) January 30, 2017While it is true that police did question a Moroccan man, the guy was a worshiper and a witness to the attack   not a suspect as conservatives have been saying. In fact, as the person who called the cops in the first place, he was never treated by police as anything other than a witness. Conservative media, on the other hand, just went with it.Naturally, Fox News, Spicer, and all who believed their wacky story found themselves facing, well, quite a bit of mockery for this desperate attempt to blame the deadly attack on Muslims:Fox News was only tryin' to be polite givin' the Moroccan suspect top billin'. Bissonnette liked Trump and Le Pen on Facebook. pic.twitter.com/S1a3tuQhwK  Tea Pain (@TeaPainUSA) January 30, 2017The Moroccan man who people ran with as the suspect was actually a worshipper and witness. I can't imagine what things are like for him.  Vann R. Newkirk II (@fivefifths) January 31, 2017@FoxNews You forgot the part about the suspect NOT being Moroccan but that's probably not fitting your narrative anyway. Carry on, Faux.  Untamable Shrew (@bluesunshine43) January 31, 2017@FoxNews it is irresponsible and libelous to leave this tweet up. The shooter was NOT Moroccan. Read your own article!  Michelle (@mbrittmehlisch) January 31, 2017The actual shooter in Quebec is a white French Canadian who appears to be rabidly anti-immigrant nationalist.https://t.co/1thlfCohbo #altfax  Hannah Lantos (@LantosH14) January 31, 2017In case u were misinformed by literally lying mainstream media saying the mosque shooter was Muslim Moroccan   He's a white Trump supporter.  Mikhael (@mitchualdevice) January 30, 2017Alt-Right trolls & websites deleting those ""Moroccan Muslim"" hot takes: #QuebecShooting pic.twitter.com/LgGwrUzsGk  #J20 (@Delo_Taylor) January 30, 2017This is the sort of honesty we can expect from the Trump White House and their propaganda outlets. They took an innocent man who called the police during a terrifying attack that left six people dead, smeared him as the attacker, then did all they could to distract from the true perpetrator of the crime: someone just like them who genuinely believes in Donald Trump and his terrifying mission.Featured image via screengrab",0
2766, Trump Just Told Prince Charles To Eat Sh*t For An Absolutely RIDICULOUS Reason,"Donald Trump is slated to visit Great Britain this summer, and meet with Prince Charles while he s there. And the White House warned Prince Charles to avoid  lecturing  Trump on issues like climate change:Members of Trump s inner circle have warned British officials that it would be counterproductive for Charles to  lecture  Trump on green issues during the president s June visit to Britain, and that the president will  erupt  if pushed, the Sunday Times of London reported.Well, isn t that a nice way of telling Prince Charles to fuck off if he brings up climate change. One could even take that to be some kind of veiled threat, but it s more likely that came from Trump needing to feel like he knows everything about everything and doesn t need to be educated on anything.Trump is a known climate-denier and also has, ahem, a tendency to fly off the handle when anyone tries to tell him he s wrong, he screwed up, or basically doesn t kiss his boots and his ass. He still hasn t grasped the fact that he s the least popular person to assume the highest office in our nation, let alone that people won t immediately acknowledge his amazing intelligence and understanding of the world.He s been looking to pull the U.S. out of the big Paris climate accord as quickly as possible, even looking for ways to circumvent the four-year process for withdrawing. He believes that environmental regulations are harmful to business and that we must do away with them. He wants to do away with them so badly he scrubbed all mention of climate change from the White House s website the instant he was sworn in, and started gagging federal agencies directly involved with environmental issues to boot.Prince Charles, however, has not ruled out bringing the subject up, even though he ll probably try and work to avoid the appearance of  lecturing.  Sadly, though, Trump will probably see any talk that doesn t fit his views to a tee as  lecturing. The White House is treating Prince Charles like he s the egotistical know-it-all who should shut up and listen. But what can we expect from an administration that openly and loudly calls for members of the press to be fired for reporting facts they don t like?Photo of Prince Charles by Arthur Edwards -WPA Pool/Getty Images. Photo of Donald Trump by Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
2767, MAJOR Republican Celebrity Turns On Trump; Fans SHOCKED (TWEETS),"It s not tough to imagine that NASCAR races have their share of Donald Trump s  Make America Great Again  caps. Your stereotypical NASCAR is a, as we re told by Fox News and those on the right, real American with real American values, which means no tolerance for those people from other places. A funny thing happens, though, even in NASCAR circles, nearly every American is a product of immigration so some surprising people are taking Trump s Muslim ban very seriously. NASCAR star Dale Earnhardt Jr. is one of them.Earnhardt has been at the top of his sport for years when it comes to fans. For the last 14 years, he has won most popular driver, every single year. Donald Trump is also a big favorite with the NASCAR crowd and the drivers were mostly happy with Trump s electoral victory. Still, while Earnhardt is hardly a Democratic Socialist (he is a Republican), his politics do skew a little to the left of Trump (of course, these days, Mussolini s politics skew a little to the left of Trump).In 2006, Earnhardt was the only NASCAR driver to answer a question about his support of the Confederate flag. He didn t support it. He called it racist. I guess with popularity comes the courage to drive a different direction and over the weekend, he criticized the Trump administration s Muslim ban on Twitter.Unlike Trump, Earnhardt seems to have a grasp on how our country was built   on the backs of immigrants:@GelarBudidarma my fam immigrated from Germany in 1700s escaping religious persecution. America is created by immigrants.  Dale Earnhardt Jr. (@DaleJr) January 29, 2017Reactions were mixed, but a lot more nuanced than if the message had come from someone who s considered a  libtard. Some are turning their backs on Earnhardt:@DaleJr @GelarBudidarma Immigration is not what the focus is here Dale. You and I know this, this is about unvetted illegals. RIP Sr  2ndrun.tv (@2ndruntv) January 29, 2017@DaleJr @GelarBudidarma that is the stupidest thing I ve ever heard. Lol. Did they crash planes into buildings in the 1700s. Dummy.  scottbu70 (@scottbu70) January 30, 2017Even more are thankful:@DaleJr Thank you Mr. Earnhardt. We need more prominent Southern voices to speak out.  David V. Iannelli (@DVIannelli) January 29, 2017@DaleJr @GelarBudidarma Thank you, sir. You re a model for those who worry taking a stand might cost them something.  Spencer Critchley (@scritchley) January 29, 2017@DaleJr Good on you for standing on the right side of history ?  C.Mon (@ClaireeMonroe) January 29, 2017@DaleJr Thank you Mr. Earnhardt. We need more prominent Southern voices to speak out.  David V. Iannelli (@DVIannelli) January 29, 2017But not without backlash:@DVIannelli @DaleJr Yeah David more people like YOU need to leave our country to make room for the jihadis. Or are U a hypocrite?  Norman South (@NotesfromNorm) January 30, 2017Perhaps people like Earnhardt are the people we need to help get our country back from the fascist dictator that s currently occupying the White House. Conservatives aren t going to listen to anyone from Hollywood, but they clearly do listen to heroes in their own world. Let s hope others will join Earnhardt soon.Featured image via Jason Hanna/Getty Images.",0
2768, Stephen King’s New Metaphor For Trump Is Going VIRAL; Trump Will Be FURIOUS (TWEET),"If there s one thing Donald Trump hates, it s being criticized and told he s not good at his job. He has a very fragile ego which, in turn, prevents him from leading properly, because if you re not able to accept criticism or advice and grow from it, you re never going to be able to efficiently lead. Being president needs to be about what s best for the people, not what s best for the current mood of the man in charge.Pointing out how damaging Trump is already being to the United States is none other than the legendary author Stephen King. In a viral tweet, he describes Trump with a perfect metaphor.King tweeted out: Imagine a hooligan pouring sugar into the gas tank of an expensive and well-maintained car. Trump is that hooligan. America is that car. Imagine a hooligan pouring sugar into the gas tank of an expensive and well-maintained car. Trump is that hooligan. America is that car.  Stephen King (@StephenKing) January 29, 2017And he s exactly right. In fact, describing Trump as merely a hooligan may be far too kind. Trump s destructive and bigoted behavior is going to lead the United States down a very dark path. Just like pouring sugar in a gas tank will destroy a car, Trump s plans for the nation will subsequently destroy everything that has made America great.Undoubtedly, Trump will be furious that King made such a criticism of his behavior. Who knows, maybe King will even get an infantile tweet storm thrown directly at him.Hopefully, Congress, SCOTUS, the ACLU, the media, etc. will hold Trump accountable for all the horrendous things he has already done and plans to do.Featured Photo by This Robinson, Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2769," Arnold Schwarzenegger DESTROYS Trump For Muslim Ban, Making America ‘Look Stupid’ (VIDEO)","Donald Trump s disgusting Muslim ban is being criticized far and wide, as protests and petitions against it have sprung up not only all over the country, but all over the world.One of Trump s own peers, Celebrity Apprentice host Arnold Schwarzenegger, has just weighed in on Trump s ban, and it s particularly brutal. Schwarzenegger himself was once in immigrant   as many of us were   and he added his thoughts about what is truly an unjust, vile way to express hatred and xenophobia.In an interview with Mario Lopez, Schwarzenegger bashed Trump and his administration s incompetent and humiliating rollout of his executive order on immigration, which only led to chaos and public outcry. Schwarzenegger, the former governor of California, stated that Trump s ban was  vetted badly  and that  there is another way to going about it to do it the right way and accomplish all of the goals. I think they were hasty with it. Schwarzenegger then gave his own personal experience of immigrating to the United States in 1968 and shamed Trump for his clumsy delivery. He said: To go and to ban people that have a green card that means that the United States of America has given you permission to work here permanently in this country and you are on the way to permanent citizenship I was in that position  It s crazy, it s crazy and makes us look stupid when the White House is ill-prepared to put these kind of executive orders out there. Schwarzenegger said he hoped Trump and his moronic helpers would learn from this incident and use it as a  wake-up call . Judging from the amount of protests and outcry that was generated from Trump s Muslim ban, America will only stand for more inclusive policies. You can watch Trump get blasted below:Featured image via Pool and Ty Wright / Getty Images",0
2770," Trump’s Muslim Ban Has One MAJOR Cheerleader That Is Very, Very Dangerous (DETAILS)","While most of the free world, including the majority of Americans, are horrified by Donald Trump s order banning Muslims, there is one group of individuals very excited for it   Islamic Jihad.Trump s order only proves to cement their theory to those they are trying to recruit that the United States hates Islam. It is a theory that holds no basis in reality, but Trump is playing right into their hands.According to The Washington Post: Comments posted to pro-Islamic State social media accounts predicted that President Trump s executive order would persuade American Muslims to side with the extremists. One posting hailed the U.S. president as  the best caller to Islam,  while others predicted that Trump would soon launch a new war in the Middle East.Further: [Islamic State leader Abu Bakr] al-Baghdadi has the right to come out and inform Trump that banning Muslims from entering America is a  blessed ban,  said one posting to a pro-Islamic State channel on Telegram, a social-media platform. The writer compared the executive order to the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003, which Islamic militant leaders at the time hailed as a  blessed invasion  that ignited anti-Western fervor across the Islamic world. With former CIA official Robert Richer, who served as  deputy chief of the agency s Operations Directorate during the George W. Bush administration,  saying: This was a win for jihadists and other anti-U.S. forces. It fuels the belief out there that Americans are anti-Islam. Otherwise, it accomplishes nothing, because the ones we are most concerned about can still get to the United States. Trump s order is purely dangerous political posturing to not only the United States but the world. It does nothing to combat the threat of Islamic extremism and only serves to help ISIS and other extremist jihad groups to recruit. Trump made the order without going through the proper channels of advice, and apparently it wasn t even discussed with his Secretary of Homeland Security.Trump is proving to be the danger we all knew he would be before getting elected (by Electoral College only) and hopefully, Congress will take the proper actions to stop him at every turn.Featured Photo by Andrew Harrer   Pool/Getty Images",0
2771, Darrell Issa: Trump’s Muslim Ban Is OK Because ‘This Happens’ To ‘People Of This Color’ Daily (VIDEO),"GOP Congressman Darrell Issa offered the most disgusting defense of Trump s Muslim ban one could imagine. During an appearance on  FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS  CNN Monday, Issa was asked if white supremacist piece of shit Steve Bannon wrote the executive order that caused thousands and thousands of people to rise up in opposition to Trump.Issa explained that he isn t sure Bannon wrote the order (it has since been blamed on a close friend of influential Nazi Richard Spencer, who recently got punched in the face in a video that went viral), but explained that The president is trying to react to a crisis that has been ongoing for a period of time.  According to Issa, Democrats are to blame for not confirming Trump s pro-Putin, Muslim ban-supporting Secretary of State pick Rex Tillerson quickly enough. That s deflection,  CNN s Carol Costello replied.  Should he have waited, then, for the secretary of state to be confirmed (so) he could have consulted with Rex Tillerson?  Issa pointed out that Barack Obama took a parting shot at ISIS< bombing militants as he exited the White House because that is totally the same as banning people because they come from a country that Trump thinks has too many Muslims. Your are the president every day you re the president,  Issa says. According to the Hillary Clinton witch hunter, the Muslim ban is fine because this sort of bigoted discrimination  happens every day with to people of this color.  Issa pointed to his own face in an effort to make the point that white people sometimes are asked to step aside for additional screening (something that is normal for Muslims with darker complexions).There you have it, folks. White people sometimes have to deal with a small amount of additional bother at airports, so it s perfectly fine to detain people because of their religion. Nothing to see here, move along.Watch the interview below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2772, Spicer: It Would Be ‘Misguided And Wrong’ To NOT Handcuff 5-Year-Old Muslim Children (VIDEO),"There was a time when a brutal dictator would strip children from their parents, handcuffing and detaining them simply because of their religion. It was a shameful time in our world s history that we must be careful not to repea oh, this happened over the f*cking weekend?If you haven t seen it yet, one incident stemming from the chaos caused by Trump s Muslim ban perfectly demonstrates how far we have fallen. On Saturday, a 5-year-old U.S. citizen was stripped from his family thanks to President Asterisk s Muslim ban. The Maryland boy was traveling to Washington Dulles airport with another family member to meet his mother, who is from Iran, when they were stopped and the child was handcuffed and detained for hours. The Huffington Post reports:A 5-year-old boy who was swept up in President Donald Trump s executive order was reunited with his mother Saturday after enduring a several-hour detention, emotional video shows.The little boy, who U.S. Senator Chris Van Hollen (D-Md.) identified as a U.S. citizen and Maryland resident, was seen being showered with kisses as his mother embraced him at Washington D.C. s Dulles International Airport, WJZ-TV reported.The child s mother, who is reportedly from Iran, declined an interview as she rushed out of the airport. Family surrounding the mother and son meanwhile clutched balloons and sang  Happy Birthday  to the boy, who had been flying with another family member.But not to worry. On Monday, White House press secretary assured us that this would never happen again   just kidding, he doubled down on the decision to treat a 5-year-old U.S. citizen like a terrorist. To assume someone because of their age or gender, that they don t pose a threat, would be misguided and wrong,  Spicer said during a press conference when asked about the situation.If you thought there would be any repentance over the disaster that was this past weekend, you were also  misguided and wrong.  The United States has entered a terrifying time in its history, one we can only survive if we stick together and continue to stand up for the oppressed   including those who are too small to be heard on their own.Fuck you, Spicer. Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2773, Trump Executive Order Mandates Two Regulation Cuts For Every New One Created,"Donald Trump is literally ordering the government to take two steps back for every step forward.Regulations protect the American people. There are regulations that give us clean water and clean air, regulations that keep workers safe at work with fair wages, regulations that prevent dangerous or poisonous products from being sold to consumers, regulations that keep our food safe, regulations that protect us from predatory banking, and regulations that protect endangered species. And those are just the tip of the iceberg. Without regulations, companies could pollute whenever and wherever they want. Our country would be a disaster. There s a reason why we have regulations.But Donald Trump promised during his first week to kill 75 percent of regulations.  The regulations are going to be cut massively,  he said during a meeting with corporate CEOs on his third full day in office last week.And now he is following through by signing an executive order that requires federal agencies to kill two existing regulations for every new one created and guts funding for new regulations for the entire year.According to Reuters,Trump plans to sign an executive order on Monday that will require that for every new federal regulation proposed, two must be revoked, an administration official said.The order says federal agencies will propose rules they want to eliminate and the White House will review those decisions. The order sets a budget of $0 for new regulations in 2017 and the administration will set a regulation budget each year.Basically, Trump s cabinet could propose a useless regulation and then use it as an excuse to cut two crucial regulations like a food safety rule or rules that regulate pollution.While there surely are regulations that could be loosened to help small business owners, waging total war against regulations and mandating that two be repealed for every new one created is completely asinine and does nothing but hurt the American people and take the country backwards.Again, most regulations on the books were created for a reason and need to remain to protect the environment, our health, and our lives.This is not a game, but Donald Trump sure seems to think it is.Featured image via Shawn Thew-Pool/Getty Images",0
2774," WATCH: Kellyanne Conway Loses Her Sh*t On Fox News, Demands Media Fire All Trump Critics","This is what it looks like when the Wicked Witch throws a temper tantrum.In addition to calling the worldwide chaos a  small price to pay  to keep America safe, Conway went on a long rant against the media on Sunday during an interview with Fox News host Chris Wallace, who let Trump s adviser hang herself rather than save her from humiliating herself.Conway whined about media criticism of Trump and demanded that people who criticize Trump be fired. Who is cleaning house? Which one is going to be the first network to get rid of these people, the people who think things were just not true, it happened last week. Talk about  alternative facts. I went on three network shows and spoke for 35 minutes on three network Sunday shows. You know what got picked? The fact that I said  alternative facts,  not the fact that I ripped a new one to some of those hosts that they never cover the facts that matter. The 16.1 million women in poverty, the 12.4 million who have no health insurance. Everyone should be outraged Of course, Conway conveniently ignored that by repealing the Affordable Care Act her boss is stripping healthcare away from 30 million Americans and will cause millions of Americans to fall into poverty. But she doesn t seem to have a problem with that at all.Oh, but that wasn t the end of her rant. Conway continued to bitch about headlines and demanded that people be fired.We have all the headlines   someone should be embarrassed.Not one network person has been let go. Not one silly political analyst and pundit who talked smack all day long about Donald Trump has been let go. They are panels every Sunday, they are on cable news every day.Who is the first editorial writer? Who is the first blogger that will be left out, that embarrassed him at outlets. We know their names. I m too polite to mention their names, but they know who they are, and they are all wondering who will be the first to go. The election was three months ago. None of them have been let go.If the mainstream media were a thriving private sector business that actually turned a profit, which is not true of many newspapers, 20% of the people would be gone. They embarrassed, they failed to protect their shareholders and the board members and their colleagues.And yet we deal with him every single day. We turn the other cheek. If you are part of team Trump, you walk around with these gaping, seeping wounds every day, that s fine. I m here every Sunday morning. I haven t slept in in a month.Conway literally attacked the free press for reporting accurately on Trump and the things he has been doing since taking office. And considering all those horrible things it s a wonder that Conway is able to actually sleep at night at all.Here s the video via Real Clear Politics.Reporters should not be fired for doing their jobs. Conway and Trump want to force the press to say nothing but good things about them. The problem is that Trump has done nothing but destroy America and ignore American values. Demanding that the media fire Trump critics is the same as demanding censorship and demanding that the media lie for you. That should not happen in a nation where the free press is guaranteed by the Constitution.Featured image via screenshot",0
2775, WATCH: George Stephanopoulos SHREDS Kellyanne Conway With Facts About Trump’s Muslim Ban,"Kellyanne Conway tried to baffle George Stephanopoulos with bullshit on Monday morning and got her ass handed to her with facts.Donald Trump s Muslim ban has caused worldwide chaos as airports across the country are detaining and blocking people traveling from seven countries, including green card holders who are permanent American citizens, children, and the elderly. For some reason, Trump and his team think these people are terrorism threats.But the ban not only violates constitutional rights, it is absolutely wrong about the seven countries listed because none of them are responsible for any deaths on American soil.And during an interview with George Stephanopoulos, Conway took a beating after she claimed that protesters against Trump s ban don t know the facts. I see all these protesters,  Conway whined.  I think if you actually surveyed them, they would probably get the facts wrong. They re being misinformed. Stephanopoulos then unleashed devastating facts, pointing out that Saudia Arabia, Egypt, and the United Arab Emirates were left off the list even though those countries were home to the 9/11 hijackers. Trump mentioned 9/11 as a reason for the executive order. None of the deadly terror attacks in this country since 9/11 have been carried out by anyone from those seven countries. Eighteen of the 19 9/11 attackers came from Egypt, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates   there is no ban from that country. Those countries also happen to be countries where President Trump has significant business interests. So why weren t those countries included? Conway responded by blaming President Obama, claiming that Obama banned Iraqi refugees for six months.But that s a lie because it appears there was only a delay in processing visa applications of Iraqi refugees in response to an actual threat. But there was no ban like Conway claims. Stephanopoulos even pointed out the inaccurate claim and informed Conway that there was a lot of media coverage at the time.Conway then whined about not getting bipartisan cooperation, which is quite hypocritical to expect since Republicans refused to work with President Obama for eight years. She also demanded that Democrats and Republicans collaborate with Trump on his tyrannical agenda, which she called an  extraordinary accomplishment. I mean, Donald Trump has been on the job for, what, eight, nine, ten days. Barack Obama was here for eight years. The extraordinary accomplishments in just the first week truly are breathtaking. No reductive curating reporting, in my view, is helpful to the American public to understand. We re being very collaborative and very open. We would just like the same in return. Here s the video via Twitter.WATCH: @GStephanopoulos interviews @KellyannePolls about Pres. Trump s immigration ban, countries not included and comments from Republicans pic.twitter.com/uzCFvtUNEV  Good Morning America (@GMA) January 30, 2017Is it wrong to wonder when a house is going to fall on this witch?Featured image via screenshot",0
2776, Trump Blames Computer Failure For Worldwide Chaos He Caused With Muslim Ban,"In yet another morning rant, Donald Trump blamed anyone and anything but himself for the constitutional crisis and global chaos caused by his Muslim ban.On Friday, Trump signed an executive order banning travelers from seven countries where Trump thinks terrorists come from. However, the countries listed are not responsible for any deaths on American soil, unlike Saudi Arabia, where the 9/11 attackers were from and received their funding.Trump s ban has caused chaos at airports around the world as thousands of people have been detained, even children, the elderly, and permanent American citizens who hold green cards.It s a nightmare that could have been avoided simply by not being racist dick.But Trump took to Twitter on Sunday to defend his ban.Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world   a horrible mess!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 29, 2017And on Monday, he decided to blame a computer system, protesters, and Senator Chuck Schumer for the chaos and claimed that  bad dudes  would have rushed into the country had he given the world time to prepare for the order.Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage, ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 30, 2017protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 30, 2017There is nothing nice about searching for terrorists before they can enter our country. This was a big part of my campaign. Study the world!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 30, 2017If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the  bad  would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad  dudes  out there!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 30, 2017Except that  bad dudes  would not have been able to  rush  into our country because our system of vetting is already the best in the world, which is why it can take up to two years for someone to immigrate here. Also, the  bad dudes  who committed the mass shootings in Orlando, Ft. Hood, and San Bernardino that Trump points to in order to justify his ban were all born in America. So unless Trump is capable of finding out whether babies are bad or good, he has no justification for the ban.Also, blaming machines and other people for the chaos your executive order is causing is very weak. The Delta computer outage occurred late Sunday, nearly two full days after the executive order was signed. Protesters and Senator Schumer were not responsible for the many people who were detained or blocked from entering this country to reunite with family. That included two Christian families from Syria who were sent back to the war-torn country where they face persecution and possible death despite Trump promising that Christian refugees would not be impacted by the ban.Twitter users were quick to pound Trump into oblivion..@realDonaldTrump You re the President, not a Ninja Turtle.  James Martin (@Pundamentalism) January 30, 2017@realDonaldTrump You separates mothers and fathers from their children. Grandparents from grandchildren. For hours. Without representation.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) January 30, 2017@realDonaldTrump Some who d moved   100% legally, might I add   were turned away from entering the US and sent back. You ve ruined lives.  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) January 30, 2017@realDonaldTrumpYou need to start asking more questions like this one you did back in 2014  we re here to help u figure it out! pic.twitter.com/40HhjFaW9h  William LeGate (@williamlegate) January 30, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Good lord, Donald! Bad dudes? Honey you do not sound like a statesman who knows what he s talking about.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 30, 2017@realDonaldTrump I think more problems were caused by your racist Muslim ban. Just a hunch.   kind of a symb-? (@JustinCaffier) January 30, 2017@realDonaldTrump when all else fails, blame the computers? You have no idea what you re doing  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) January 30, 2017@realDonaldTrump The big problem was the ban of people from 7 countries primarily Muslim. Even with Green Cards. And one man helped the US Government.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) January 30, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/K4LMg8yWvO  yosub kim (@yosub) January 30, 2017It s time for Donald Trump to be impeached along with every member of his team. The future of our country depends on it.Featured image via Olivier Douliery-Pool/Getty Images",0
2777, WATCH: Actors At SAG Awards BLAST Trump’s Muslim Ban; Show What REAL American Patriotism Is,"Everyone is rightfully outraged at the Executive Order signed by Donald Trump that has left refugees and other immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries in limbo   and even in dangers. It has ripped families apart and sent a signal around the world that America is hostile to Muslims. Trump s ban is unconstitutional, and, more importantly, un-American. It goes against everything this nation stands for.Well, aside from the massive protests at airports around the world resisting Trump s fascist and bigoted ban, he has a new set of opponents   the actors at the Screen Actors Guild (SAG) Awards. At Sunday night s ceremony, actor after actor used their stage time to tell immigrants and refugees that they are welcome in our America. It started with Ashton Kutcher, who welcomed everyone viewing the show, and then extended that welcome to include everyone at airports that belong in my America.  Kutcher then continued: You are apart of the fabric of who we are and we love you and we welcome you. Lily Tomlin reminded everyone that the Doomsday Clock is now closer than ever to midnight thanks to Trump, and said: The Doomsday Clock has been moved to two and a half minutes before midnight. And this award came just in the nick of time. Mahershala Ali of Moonlight fame told a moving tale of how his mother resisted his conversion to Islam, but how it has now deepened and strengthened their loving bond: But I tell you now, we put things to the side and I m able to see her. She s able to see me. We love each other. The love has grown. Julia Louis-Dreyfus s story was the most chilling of all, considering where we are, as her father came to America to escape certain death at the hands of the Nazis when they took over France. She says of her American experience: I m an American patriot, and I love this country. Because I love this country, I am horrified by its blemishes, and this immigrant ban is a blemish and it s un-American. This is just the beginning, to be sure. Everyone knows that this Muslim ban is just like what happened during Hitler s reign and so many other horrors in our world s history. History is repeating itself. If the United States had not sent Ann Frank back, she d be 77 years old today, and would be a proud American. What Trump is doing is exactly what happened during World War II. America surely has blood on its hands as a result of Trump s bigotry.These actors are doing the right thing and standing up for what is right, for what upholds our beautiful American values. Donald Trump will never destroy that, no matter how many of these people become the subject of his Twitter ire.#RESIST.Watch Ashton Kutcher s opening remarks below:[ad3media campaign= 1429 ]Featured image via Kevork Djansezian/WireImage",0
2778," Trump Hotels Asked For People’s Favorite Travel Memories, And Twitter LIT THEM UP (TWEETS)","It s always interesting when people decide to use social media to point out how ridiculous someone or something is. Such was the case with Trump Hotels, where someone dredged up an old tweet asking people for their favorite travel memories. People angry about Trump s Muslim ban and other executive orders decided to use that tweet to, ahem, vent, and it s pretty epic.People tweeted that their favorite travel memory was staying with a competing hotel chain, others talked about President Obama, and still others tweeted about visiting family and friends who are immigrants. Still others pointed out hospitality in other countries, or with what overseas AirBNBs are doing.If Trump saw this, he d be pacing back and forth in the White House, grousing about how people need to be reminded of how beloved he is.In short, it didn t go very well for Trump Hotels. But it went amazingly good for anyone who stands against Trump and his dangerous, white supremacist agenda. Here s the original tweet:Tell us your favorite travel memory   was it a picture, a souvenir, a sunset? We d love to hear it!  Trump Hotels (@TrumpHotels) October 11, 2011And below is a smattering of responses:@TrumpHotels pic.twitter.com/QHvoc9TqJD  Julie Restle (@j_restle) January 28, 2017@TrumpHotels when I stopped by the Trump Hotel in D.C. last year. pic.twitter.com/CwkKZe2k73  Kilgore Trout (@CohibaSmkr) January 29, 2017@j_restle @maggiepriceless @TrumpHotels same thing I did in Vegas in October. Ah, October   those halcyon days when the US was less insane pic.twitter.com/aAu2iuDwYj  Christopher Arnold (@dreamitnowdoit) January 29, 2017.@TrumpHotels My asylum grant. Thanks for asking pic.twitter.com/yRftCMNsah  Aminatou Sow (@aminatou) January 28, 2017I was walking my dog past @TrumpHotels & he took a big stinky Trump right on the hotel logo & the stain s still there.#TrumpHotelsSuck  (((STOP))) Trumpnado (@Trumpnado2016) January 30, 2017.@TrumpHotels Being abroad when Obama was elected and seeing how happy everybody was for both America and the world.  jdh (@502eire) January 28, 2017I loved seeing the spirit of America alive and well in NYC @TrumpHotels pic.twitter.com/UxMy52mfE6  Russell Elliott (@RussellRElliott) January 29, 2017@TrumpHotels Visiting San Francisco   the American city my grandparents settled in after leaving the Philippines after WWII.  Cate Sevilla (@CateSevilla) January 29, 2017@TrumpHotels I remember the old days, when you could travel abroad without feeling ashamed of being an American in the Trump era.  David Walker (@DavidWalk3) January 28, 2017@TrumpHotels Mine is staying at the Four Seasons when I travel! impeccable service. Trump hotels are the Motel 6 s of fancy hotels. Sad!  Kaj-Erik Eriksen (@KajEriksen) January 28, 2017.@TrumpHotels Hell, I m at the Four Seasons Beverly Hills having a Manhattan right now! pic.twitter.com/wWWffyBceA  Kaj-Erik Eriksen (@KajEriksen) January 29, 2017@KajEriksen @Lindsay05946319 @TrumpHotels I wouldn t stay at a trump hotel if it was free!  Lisa (@Lisa45129881) January 29, 2017@TrumpHotels They escaped concentration camps and a country devastated by war. They weren t turned away and I m here today because of it.  Cate Sevilla (@CateSevilla) January 29, 2017@TrumpHotels I enjoyed the hospitality of @Airbnb; an experience made even more memorable in comparison with Trump s hideous #MuslimBan. pic.twitter.com/webVkEpbJp  kim (@kim) January 29, 2017@TrumpHotels Visiting a point on the Iron Curtain, which is now an open border   you don t get shot for trying to cross any more. pic.twitter.com/2mgUCdSdUi  Tim Ward (@TimWardCam) January 28, 2017@TrumpHotels @nybooks I enjoyed traveling abroad at a time when I wasn t despised because of my evil president.  the moses of pudding (@allsystemsslow) January 28, 2017@TrumpHotels @nybooks When @realDonaldTrump kicks the bucket, my favorite trip will be visiting his cemetery to literally shit on his grave.  Steven Hugh Nelson (@SteveHughNelson) January 28, 2017@TrumpHotels watching my husband take a selfie giving your D.C. hotel the finger. New family tradition!  Chelsea Cain (@ChelseaCain) January 29, 2017@TrumpHotels That time my parents fled apartheid South Africa and immigrated to America where my father became an advocate for abused children.  Joshua Hale Fialkov (@JoshFialkov) January 29, 2017@TrumpHotels My grandmother s travel to England, after being freed from Auschwitz.  John Epler (@eplerjc) January 28, 2017@eplerjc @TrumpHotels Thank God Trump wasn t president then.  Nobody (@JoeNanney) January 29, 2017@TrumpHotels Traveling here with my family to start a life in a country that actually respected the Constitution and American dream.  Josh S nchez (@jnsanchez) January 29, 2017Chanting  Shame  outside your Washington D.C. hotel with a million people last weekend! @TrumpHotels  Joan Walsh (@joanwalsh) January 29, 2017@TrumpHotels It was that time this happened. pic.twitter.com/icc7BWDC1V  Dan Fagin (@danfagin) January 29, 2017@TrumpHotels Fave memories: emigrating to the UK, then Canada, not being barred by religious/other discrimination either time #NoWallNoBan  Emma Donoghue (@EDonoghueWriter) January 29, 2017@TrumpHotels traveling to the middle east to meet people that your boss says are terriorists. Some of the nicest kindest people ever.  mrdenny (@mrdenny) January 29, 2017.@TrumpHotels It was probably this moment yesterday at SFO when Niloufar revealed her father was just released from illegal detention. pic.twitter.com/E3CHp3lGwb  Peter Corless (@PeterCorless) January 29, 2017@TrumpHotels That one time when I couldn t get a cab from JFK because the taxi drivers were protesting your owner s fascism.  Rick Wright (@birdernewjersey) January 29, 2017It seems clear that Trump s brand is going to take a major beating. We d say  until he becomes sane  but we all know that s never going to happen. He s too hung up on the minutiae associated with his personal image, and he s letting Steve Bannon run the show.Featured image by Spencer Platt via Getty Images",0
2779, BREAKING: House Dems Demand ‘Emergency’ Meeting With DHS Over Trump’s Bigoted Muslim Ban,"Donald Trump should be coming to the realization that his Muslim ban may have been just a step too far. But in case he needs help figuring it out, Democrats are ready to help teach him a lesson.According to Politico, high-ranking lawmakers on numerous committees sent a letter to DHS Secretary John Kelly on Sunday night. They demanded that he hold an  emergency  meeting to discuss Trump s unlawful executive order banning Muslims from entering the United States. As ranking members of the committees of jurisdiction for matters of immigration, border security, and admission of refugees, we write to you on an emergency basis to request a meeting to discuss the implementation and guidance concerning the Executive Order,  the congressmen wrote.The letter was reportedly signed by  House Judiciary Committee ranking member John Conyers (D-Mich.), Homeland Security ranking member Bennie Thompson (D-Miss.), Foreign Affairs Committee ranking member Eliot Engel (D-N.Y.) and Zoe Lofgren (D-Calif.), top Democrat on Judiciary s immigration panel. In their letter, the lawmakers pointed out that  only two days after the Order was signed, it is clear that it has already led to panic and disorder, not to mention protests. Lofgren intends to introduce legislation this week in an effort to fight Trump s bigoted ban. Unfortunately, Paul Ryan being the fickle fellow that he is, is now supporting Trump s order even though he denounced the idea of  religious tests  just six months ago. This means Logren s move will probably end up dead in the water.Democrats are asking Kelly to sit down with them no later than Wednesday. In addition, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi have both reached out to Kelly on their own.In the letter, the lawmakers also blasted DHS for accusations that customs officials have been denying legal counsel to detainees. Given the widespread chaos and confusion caused by the order   and the issuance of stays last evening concerning the Order by federal courts in New York, Virginia, and Massachusetts,  they wrote,  it is vital that we meet as soon as possible so that we may provide needed guidance and information to our committees and our constituents. House and Senate Democrats also intend to stage a protest in front of the Supreme Court at 6 p.m. on Monday night. The fight is only just beginning but Democrats intend to battle Trump s bigotry every step of the way. Some Dems have even said that they are  exploring all legal options, including an Amicus Brief in support of the ACLU. The letter concluded with the lawmakers telling Kelly that they  look forward to meeting with you in short order so that we can have an open and candid discussion about how the Trump administration arrived at this chaotic place, what you understand the meaning of the Executive Order to be, and what guidance you have offered to your employees and other stakeholders. Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2780, CEO Of Starbucks Sends Giant F**K YOU To Trump In Groundbreaking Open Letter,"In what can only be seen as a groundbreaking and unprecedented move, Starbucks chairman and CEO Howard Schultz delivered an open letter to all their partners (employees) regarding Donald Trump s Muslim ban.He titled the letter,  Living Our Values In Uncertain Times  and here it is: Dear partners,I write to you today with deep concern, a heavy heart and a resolute promise. Let me begin with the news that is immediately in front of us: we have all been witness to the confusion, surprise and opposition to the Executive Order that President Trump issued on Friday, effectively banning people from several predominantly Muslim countries from entering the United States, including refugees fleeing wars. I can assure you that our Partner Resources team has been in direct contact with the partners who are impacted by this immigration ban, and we are doing everything possible to support and help them to navigate through this confusing period.We are living in an unprecedented time, one in which we are witness to the conscience of our country, and the promise of the American Dream, being called into question. These uncertain times call for different measures and communication tools than we have used in the past. Kevin and I are going to accelerate our commitment to communicating with you more frequently, including leveraging new technology platforms moving forward. I am hearing the alarm you all are sounding that the civility and human rights we have all taken for granted for so long are under attack, and want to use a faster, more immediate form of communication to engage with you on matters that concern us all as partners.I also want to take this opportunity to announce specific actions we are taking to reinforce our belief in our partners around the world and to ensure you are clear that we will neither stand by, nor stand silent, as the uncertainty around the new Administration s actions grows with each passing day:Support for DACA: As I wrote to Senators Graham and Durbin this week, we are enthusiastically behind their work to support  Dreamers  across our country   including those young men and women who are part of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program. There are nearly three quarters of a million hardworking people contributing to our communities and our economy because of this program. At Starbucks, we are proud to call them partners and to help them realize their own American Dream. We want them to feel welcome and included in our success, which is why we reimburse them for the biennial fee they must pay to stay in the program and why we have offered DACA-related services at our Opportunity Youth hiring fairs.Hiring Refugees: We have a long history of hiring young people looking for opportunities and a pathway to a new life around the world. This is why we are doubling down on this commitment by working with our equity market employees as well as joint venture and licensed market partners in a concerted effort to welcome and seek opportunities for those fleeing war, violence, persecution and discrimination. There are more than 65 million citizens of the world recognized as refugees by the United Nations, and we are developing plans to hire 10,000 of them over five years in the 75 countries around the world where Starbucks does business. And we will start this effort here in the U.S. by making the initial focus of our hiring efforts on those individuals who have served with U.S. troops as interpreters and support personnel in the various countries where our military has asked for such support.Building Bridges, Not Walls, With Mexico: We have been open for business in Mexico since 2002, and have since opened almost 600 stores in 60 cities across the country, which together employ over 7,000 Mexican partners who proudly wear the green apron. We have sourced coffee from Mexico s producers and their families for three decades and last fall, we also announced the creation of a farmer support center in Chiapas to help accelerate our collective ability to grow and export some of the world s finest coffees from this important growing region, while donating more than $2 million to support the livelihood, food security and water quality of coffee producing communities in Oaxaca. With the support of thousands of Starbucks partners and millions of customers, we have also donated over a million coffee trees to support 70,000 families, and we will be expanding the initiative this year to generate another 4 million tree donations. Coffee is what unites our common heritage, and as I told Alberto Torrado, the leader of our partnership with Alsea in Mexico, we stand ready to help and support our Mexican customers, partners and their families as they navigate what impact proposed trade sanctions, immigration restrictions and taxes might have on their business and their trust of Americans. But we will continue to invest in this critically important market all the same.Our Healthcare Commitment to You: Finally, let me restate what we have recently communicated with you about the Affordable Care Act   our commitment remains that if you are benefits eligible, you will always have access to health insurance through Starbucks. Many of you have expressed concerns that recent government actions may jeopardize your ability to participate in the Affordable Care Act. If the recent Executive Order related to health care remains in place and the Affordable Care Act is repealed causing you to lose your healthcare coverage, you will always have the ability to return and can do so within 30 days of losing that coverage rather than having to wait for an open enrollment period. If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the Benefits Center at 877-728-9236.In the face of recent events around the world, let me assure you that we will stay true to our values and do everything we can possibly do to support and invest in every partner s well-being while taking the actions that are squarely within our ability to control. This is our focus: providing a Third Place of respite for those around the world who seek it, daily.Starbucks has and will always stand for opportunity   opportunity for our young people who are working to land their first job in the 75 countries where we do business, opportunity for our farmers who care so deeply for the highest of quality coffee we offer to customers all around the globe, and yes, opportunity for those who come to America in search of their own fresh start   whether that is with Starbucks directly, or through our suppliers or our partner companies.If there is any lesson to be learned over the last year, it s that your voice and your vote matter more than ever. We are all obligated to ensure our elected officials hear from us individually and collectively. Starbucks is doing its part; we need you to use the collective power of your voices to do the same while respecting the diverse viewpoints of the 90 million customers who visit our stores in more than 25,000 locations around the world.So, while we seek to understand what the new Administration s policies mean for us and our business both domestically and around the world, I can assure you that we will do whatever it takes to support you, our partners, to realize your own dreams and achieve your own opportunities. We are in business to inspire and nurture the human spirit, one person, one cup and one neighborhood at a time   whether that neighborhood is in a Red State or a Blue State; a Christian country or a Muslim country; a divided nation or a united nation. That will not change. You have my word on that.Onward,Howard Well said, Mr. Schultz, and you are a better American for all that was said. Your dedication to what truly makes America the land of the free and the home of the brave will forever be noticed.Featured Photo by Christopher Furlong/Getty Images",0
2781," #THERESISTANCE Is Working: Homeland Security Spits In Trump’s Face, Won’t Exclude Lawful Residents (DETAILS)","Over the weekend, the Trump Administration implemented one of their most terrifying campaign promises, the Muslim ban. He did it via Executive Order, and framed it as a  travel ban  from seven supposedly  dangerous  Muslim-majority countries. When Trump s hammer dropped, scores of people were detained and questioned for no good reason in airports and other ports of entry around the nation. Many were legal residents, green card holders, those with legal visas and refugee status, and other people who had been thoroughly vetted and had every right to enter this country without incident.The backlash was swift, as protests erupted organically and in massive numbers at major airports everywhere. The ACLU asked for lawyers to volunteer to help these people, and they did. Finally, U.S. District Court Judge Ann Donelly issued an emergency stay on Trump s racist travel ban, but it still took hours to get customs officers and border patrol agents to comply. Well, now Trump has been hit with another blow to his bigoted order, as Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly has issued a statement saying that those with legal residency will not be kept from entering this nation. The statement reads:WASHINGTON   In applying the provisions of the president s executive order, I hereby deem the entry of lawful permanent residents to be in the national interest.Accordingly, absent the receipt of significant derogatory information indicating a serious threat to public safety and welfare, lawful permanent resident status will be a dispositive factor in our case-by-case determinations.So there, Trump. I dare you to try to go around Homeland Security and reverse this provision. What you and your administration are doing is unconstitutional, and, more importantly, it is un-American. Now, listen to the Homeland Security Secretary, and to everyone else who is telling you that this is unlawful and wrong, and stop this bullshit.Hopefully, if the sycophants around Trump won t pull the trigger and stop this madness, the Constitution will hold, and we can somehow stop this crazy agenda via the law. In the meantime, #RESIST.Featured image via Amanda Edwards/Getty Images",0
2782, Denver Police Officer Literally Tells Protesters To Stop Doing Anything That’s Free Speech,"Amidst protests all around the country against Trump s Muslim ban are local police departments ensuring that the protests don t get out of hand. One might think one has the right to protest anywhere as per the First Amendment, but apparently, not all police officers agree. In Denver, Police Commander Tony Lopez says that people can t protest at the airport without a permit.So, okay, a lot of places do that in order to maintain peace and public safety. Requiring a permit for gatherings over a certain size makes some sense. But the way he phrased it is shall we say a little strange: Stop doing anything that could be construed as free speech without a permit. There s no context in the video so it s hard to know what the situation was. However, even without the context, that s a strange and frankly alarming way to say that the roughly 120 or so protesters at Denver International Airport need a permit for their gathering.Lopez is also seen telling someone that he can t carry the Constitution around without a permit. Aren t there other ways to tell groups of people that they need a permit? Why phrase it that way? Even if the question he was asked was along the lines of,  We can t exercise our right to freedom of speech here?  there are other ways to explain than  stop doing anything that could be construed as free speech. Watch below:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
2783," Trump Press Secretary F*cks Up, Idiotically Retweets Satire Video Making Fun Of Him","The Trump administration has a Twitter problem. Donald Trump can t seem to control his narcissistic Twitter rants, but even his Press Secretary, Sean Spicer, is far too impulsive. He retweeted a video that he thought was a flattering portrayal, but the truth is, it was a satirical Onion video, and if he had watched till the end, he would realize it wasn t flattering at all.A good part of Spicer s job is to monitor the media. You would think he would read all the way through, or at least who the source was, but instead, Spicer tweeted,  You nailed it. Period!  to the Onion.The video, entitled  5 Things To Know About Sean Spicer,  should have let Spicer in on the joke in the very first item. It said his role in the Trump administration is  to provide the American public with robust and clearly articulated misinformation. Okay, perhaps he missed the  mis  in  misinformation.  Next?The second one was innocuous enough. It said he was formerly Senior Correspondent on NPR s national desk. Fair enough. Next?Clearly, Spicer didn t get to the third one because in that, the Onion called his speaking style  defensive. As for whether Spicer has lied to the press, the answer to #4 is possibly above most Trumpian s heads: One s own mental activity is the only unquestionable fact of one s experience. The last one could be what Spicer was referring to when he said  nailed it!  The question was,  does he nail the pocket square or does he nail the pocket square. Spicer is almost as good at the pocket square as he is at  alternative facts,  so the Onion s answer was:Snowy white, quarter inch of clearance   you better believe he does.Oddly, that tweet is still up, but people aren t letting him forget it. Of course, as one Twitter user reminded us, Spicer also tweeted two passwords last week. In other words, he s clearly not too bright.You nailed it. Period! https://t.co/AUmS1C222b  Sean Spicer (@seanspicer) January 29, 2017",0
2784, Trump Voter Whines That Her Husband Can’t Get Back Into The Country (TWEETS),"When it comes to how horrible Donald Trump has been behaving with his actions, words, tweets and executive orders, we really can t be all that surprised. Trump was horrible throughout his entire campaign, and the majority of Americans picked up on that, which is why he lost the popular vote by close to three million votes.However, there were still some folks who had high hopes for Trump, despite the fact that he is behaving like the bigot and despot we already knew he would be.It would seem, though, that some of those people are finally starting to wake up   a little too late, mind you.One example of some of this regret was pointed out by a Twitter user:Life comes at you fast pic.twitter.com/e3DJvxSJtk  RJ (@SomeDudeRJ) January 29, 2017Here s Nicole super stoked for Trump back in September before the election:Image via TwitterHere s Nicole much less stoked for Trump after the reality of Trump s leadership kicked in:Image via TwitterIf she and so many like her had only listened to sanity and reason before the election, the popular vote winner, Hillary Clinton, would be president and everything would be absolutely fine, and she d probably be dining with her husband right now.Maybe Nicole will join the resistance movement and help to make sure Trump is held accountable for all his unconstitutionally horrible moves.Featured Photo by Sara D. Davis/Getty Images",0
2785, Twitter F*cks Trump Up After He Says Senators Who Oppose Muslim Ban Are Trying To ‘Start World War III’ (TWEETS),"Trump has signed a stream of executive orders stripping federal funding from international, non-governmental health organizations that so much as mention abortion, authorizing a gigantic wall to keep brown people out of our country to create a gigantic  safe space  for his racist followers and authorizing concentration camps in which to keep the millions of immigrants he rounds up, and   in a move that literally mobilized the world against him   enacting a partial ban on Muslims entering the United States, including dual citizens, legal permanent residents, students, people with jobs, and others he considers dangerous.Even the most casual observer can see that Donald Trump s horrific policies are doing nothing but creating a destabilized environment not only in the United States, but worldwide.  On Sunday, Senators John McCain and Lindsey Graham released a joint statement warning that Trump s Muslim ban is a  self-inflicted wound  in the fight against terrorism. Our most important allies in the fight against ISIL are the vast majority of Muslims who reject its apocalyptic ideology of hatred,  the senators said  [Trump s] executive order sends a signal, intended or not, that America does not want Muslims coming into our country. That is why we fear this executive order may do more to help terrorist recruitment than improve our security. We should not stop green-card holders from returning to the country they call home. We should not stop those who have served as interpreters for our military and diplomats from seeking refuge in the country they risked their lives to help,  the senators, added. And we should not turn our backs on those refugees who have been shown through extensive vetting to pose no demonstrable threat to our nation, and who have suffered unspeakable horrors, most of them women and children. Trump could take this message to heart, pausing for a glorious moment of self-reflection, and apologize to the world for his actions. He could fire the white supremacists, Kremlin cronies, and imbeciles with which he has stacked his cabinet and replace them with people who will work for the good of the country, once and for all cementing himself as a true legend among world leaders. Trump could apologize to the Muslim community   but that s just not the guy he is.In a statement on Twitter, which is apparently where the President releases important information now, Trump responded to the senators  condemnation of his bigoted executive order, which was literally written by a white supremacist, by informing the world that McCain and Graham are trying to  start World War III  by saying that we shouldn t ban Muslims from our country.The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain & Lindsey Graham is wrong   they are sadly weak on immigration. The two  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 29, 2017 Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 29, 2017 The joint statement of former presidential candidates John McCain & Lindsey Graham is wrong   they are sadly weak on immigration,  Trump said, apparently not having read a single one of the senators  words.  The two Senators should focus their energies on ISIS, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start World War III. Naturally, the irony of that whole  World War III  thing was not lost on the Internet.@realDonaldTrump They should focus on removing you from office.  Mike Elgan (@MikeElgan) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump World War Three? I think you might be 'projecting' as the psychologists say.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump seems kind of odd pic.twitter.com/62Y0uSbO3p  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump I'm sure someone supports this stance  pic.twitter.com/wWX92mDld9  Brandon Keating (@BrandonTalks) January 29, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Blanket Muslim bans is a pretty effective way to start World War III.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump You are The one about to get us involved in World War III.  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) January 29, 2017@AynRandPaulRyan @realDonaldTrump Did you even *know* what you were signing? #FakeWallFacts #LAXProtest pic.twitter.com/fKcIEHoHFY  #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump When ""World War III"" is mentioned, most people think of you.  The Socialist Party (@OfficialSPGB) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump Please, please, don't even mention World War III. We're tense enough already.  Matt Peterson (@mattbpete) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump Presidents shouldn't tweet about World War 3. #UnfitToLead  Benjamin Byron Davis (@Tooda) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump plot twist. you might be the reason WWIII happens. ?????  Ramaj Eroc (@RamajEroc) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump literally no one is looking to start World War III except Steve Bannon.  Molly Knight (@molly_knight) January 29, 2017Trump s chief strategist and newest member of the National Security Council described himself as a  Leninist  whose  goal  is to  destroy the state  and  bring everything crashing down, and destroy all of today s establishment,  during his time running white supremacist hate rag Breitbart. He s also the guy who has been in charge of writing The Donald s executive orders.Trump can accuse others of attempting to start World War III all he wants, but if anyone is going to kick that world-ending disaster off, it will be his team.Featured image by Christopher Furlong/Win McNamera via Getty Images/screengrab",0
2786, While The World Is Freaking The Hell Out Trump Is Watching ‘Finding Dory’,"Alleged President Donald Trump created worldwide chaos with his latest executive order banning Muslims from entering the U.S. Yes, it is a Muslim ban.  I ll tell you the whole history of it,  Giuliani said in an interview with Fox News  Jeanine Pirro.  When he first announced it, he said  Muslim ban.  He called me up. He said,  Put a commission together. Show me the right way to do it legally.  Of course, the ban isn t implemented in Muslim countries Trump does business with. Protests have erupted across the country for two days straight over Trump s highly controversial move. Travelers, including a 77-year-old woman and a 5-year-old boy were detained.So, what do you do when you re a newly minted president and you just created worldwide chaos? You watch  Finding Dory  while protesters are outside of the White House, angry over his reckless decision.Trump, along with family members and White House staff, screened the Disney Pixar film in the afternoon after prohibiting foreign nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the U.S.Finding Dory is an animated story of a character s attempt to reunite with her parents despite outside forces working against her.The Internet was not amused.The nation is in turmoil over the Executive Order, and @POTUS @realDonaldTrump will be watching @findingdory. https://t.co/snpcZJuU2k  Derry London   (@Derry_London) January 29, 2017Meanwhile in the White House, Trump is watching  Finding Dory  with his unvetted staffers and their families. https://t.co/tLSoAhgh7g  Fernando Espuelas (@EspuelasVox) January 29, 2017If you wonder what Trump will be doing today during a potential constitutional crisis that he d have triggered   he s watching Finding Dory https://t.co/aX7GXzLwZj  Zachary Alfred (@ZacAlf) January 29, 2017And it s  Finding Dory.  For real. This is happening. https://t.co/CnZtrN2sgy  Bronwen Dickey (@BronwenDickey) January 29, 2017The nation is in turmoil over the Executive Order, and @POTUS @realDonaldTrump will be watching @findingdory. https://t.co/snpcZJuU2k  Derry London   (@Derry_London) January 29, 2017Odd that Trump is watching Finding Dory today, a movie about reuniting with family when he s preventing it in real life.  Albert Brooks (@AlbertBrooks) January 29, 2017Bannon running amok while Trump watches Finding Dory pic.twitter.com/odwqyt5Tjp  Joshua Block (@JoshACLU) January 29, 2017Finding Dory is mostly about a family reuniting across a border that wouldn t be blocked by a wall  Jared Rizzi (@JaredRizzi) January 29, 2017Imagine if former President Barack Obama just sat back, chillin  out, watching a cartoon while the world is freaking out over chaos he created.Image: Pixar with added photo of Trump by Scott Olson/Getty Images.",0
2787, BREAKING: House Dems Have HAD IT With Trump And Are Fighting Back With Protests And Lawsuits (DETAILS),"House Democrats have had it with Donald Trump s unlawful Muslim ban and are planning to fight back against the bigoted executive order. To make their point loud and clear, they are planning to fight not just through legislation but are also staging a protest in front of the Supreme Court.According to a press release obtained by Addicting Info, Democrats are condemning Trump s Muslim ban as a betrayal of  everything the Statue of Liberty and our nation stand for  and insist that the order  is not only unconstitutional but immoral.  They have vowed to continue pressing for answers and are demanding  that the federal court injunction issued last night be honored. Proving just how important our efforts to resist as citizens really are, the statement said that lawmakers were  moved and inspired by the scenes of Americans, including Members of our Caucus, rallying to airports across the nation to demand justice for the men, women and children detained and/or deported under the President s order.  As a result, on Monday night at 6 p.m. Democratic House and Senate members  will gather for a press event in front of the steps of the Supreme Court to demand the President withdraw his disreputable executive order. We are witnessing an historic injustice unfold, and we must keep the pressure on,  said the release.In addition,  Immigration Subcommittee Ranking Member Zoe Lofgren and others will introduce legislation to rescind the Muslim ban  this week. Dems intend to continue reviewing the president s actions to determine if there are any other legal actions that can be taken to fight the bigoted ban.A high-level source tells Addicting Info that House Dems are engaging outside counsel to file an amicus brief against Trump s illegal Muslim Ban. We are also exploring all legal options, including an Amicus Brief in support of the ACLU,  the statement read. As Members of Congress, we take a solemn oath to support and defend the Constitution of the United States. Democrats intend to honor that oath by fighting the unconstitutional injustice of the President s Muslim ban. Donald Trump passed his bigoted and unconstitutional Muslim Ban on Friday. Over the weekend, people from the seven forbidden countries were detained and deported when they landed at U.S. airports. Widespread protests broke out and attorneys with the American Civil Liberties Union filed suit. A temporary stay was granted by a federal judge but it does not seem that it is being followed as intended.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2788," Senate Republicans Blast Donald Trump’s Racist, Dangerous Muslim Ban With Full Force","Public pressure is mounting on Congressional leaders after Donald Trump issued his racist, xenophobic, and idiotic executive order. The order, signed on Friday, bars refugees, immigrants or green card holders from entering the United States if they come from Iraq, Syria, Libya, Somalia, Iran, Sudan and Yemen.Shortly after the issue, plans arriving across the United States  busiest airports carrying Syrian families, international students, and dual-citizens were met with hostile authorities. Either sent back on the next flight out, detained for hours on end, and belittled by federal agents, Muslim refugees were subject to the wrath of Donald Trump.At first, only the Democrats (not surprisingly) spoke out. But as public outcry grew into spur-the-moment rallies across the United States, Republicans were forced to take notice.Senator Susan Collins of Maine, a centrist who refused to support Trump during the campaign, spoke out first, saying in a press release:The worldwide refugee ban set forth in the executive order is overly broad and implementing it will be immediately problematic. [It] could interfere with the immigration of Iraqis who worked for American forces in Iraq as translators and bodyguards   people who literally saved the lives of our troops and diplomats during the last decade and whose lives are at risk if they remain in Iraq  As I stated last summer, religious tests serve no useful purpose in the immigration process and run contrary to our American values.Nebraska Senator Ben Sasse, who refused to endorse Trump, lambasted the Administration for lacking  wisdom  with the action:There are two ways to lose our generational battle against jihadism by losing touch with reality. The first is to keep pretending that jihadi terrorism has no connection to Islam or to certain countries. That s been a disaster. And here s the second way to fail: If we send a signal to the Middle East that the U.S. sees all Muslims as jihadis, the terrorist recruiters win by telling kids that America is banning Muslims and that this is America versus one religion. Both approaches are wrong, and both will make us less safe. Our generational fight against jihadism requires wisdomArizona Senator Jeff Flake, who sits on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and also refused to endorse Trump, blasted the executive action as  unacceptable,  saying:President Trump and his administration are right to be concerned about national security, but it s unacceptable when even legal permanent residents are being detained or turned away at airports and ports of entry. Enhancing long term national security requires that we have a clear-eyed view of radical Islamic terrorism without ascribing radical Islamic terrorist views to all Muslim.Arizona s other (and more hawkish) Senator, John McCain, took to Facebook to denounce the order, joining with Senator Lindsey Graham, writing:Ultimately, we fear this executive order will become a self-inflicted wound in the fight against terrorism. At this very moment, American troops are fighting side-by-side with our Iraqi partners to defeat ISIL. But this executive order bans Iraqi pilots from coming to military bases in Arizona to fight our common enemies. Our most important allies in the fight against ISIL are the vast majority of Muslims who reject its apocalyptic ideology of hatred. This executive order sends a signal, intended or not, that America does not want Muslims coming into our country. That is why we fear this executive order may do more to help terrorist recruitment than improve our security.When you ve lost John McCain, you know there s a problem. Although the sentiments expressed by the Senate Republicans are accurate and reflect what should be shared by 100% of their caucus, their words come a little too late. It became apparent that Trump s chief adviser, Steve Bannon, had his grubby, racist little hands all over it. Rudy Giuliani admitted on Fox News that Donald Trump knows this is a Muslim ban   he wanted one in the most  legal  way possible. Yet he continues to insist it is not a Muslim ban.What the Republicans also fail to note (or admit) is that the ban is just flat out racist.It s a good start, nut statements won t do a thing. It s time for them to come together with the Democrats to pass meaningful legislation and send a real message to the Trump White House.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2789, Incompetent Trump WH Already F**king Up; Has To Adjust Their Muslim Ban (DETAILS),"Donald Trump is easily the most unprepared and incompetent person to ever be elected president. His most recent outrage of course is his immigration ban on those arriving in the United States from seven Muslim majority countries. That caused the nation and world to erupt in chaos, and people who were legal residents of the United States were turned away or deported   all because of their nations of origin. Now, realizing that they royally fucked up, Trump and his band of clowns are trying to hurriedly clean it up amid worldwide protests.On Sunday s edition of Meet the Press, White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus decided that people who hold green cards and are perfectly safe and legal residents should be allowed to come home. He said to host Chuck Todd: If you re an American citizen travelling back and forth to Libya, you are likely to be subjected to further questioning when you come into an airport. There is discretionary authority that a custos and border patrol agent has when they suspect that someone is up to no good when they travel back and forth to Libya or Yemen. Make no mistake   this is the Muslim ban that Trump promised. The chaotic and dangerous happenings of Friday and Saturday are only the beginning. We could very well be headed for a repeat of what happened during the Holocaust, when The United States turned away boatloads of people who were fleeing Adolf Hitler s Nazi death camps. Most of those people went on to be brutally tortured and murdered   all because we were too protectionist and cold-hearted to help them flee for their lives.What Priebus said is nothing more than a smoke screen to make people think that what they are doing is for the good of the nation and its people. Make no mistake   it isn t. This is administration is nothing more than a coup, the first step in ushering in White Supremacy as an American value and matter of policy. The only saving grace is their gross incompetence, and their inability to hide what they are really doing from the public. In the meantime, we are all in terrible danger as a result of electing a completely unqualified madman as president. #RESIST.Featured image via G. Morty Ortega/Stringer/Getty Images",0
2790, Trump’s Ban Just Sentenced Two Christian Syrian Refugee Families To Persecution And Possible Death,"Donald Trump claimed that his ban would make America safe while favoring Christian refugees. He lied.On Sunday, Trump defended an executive order banning refugees from seven nations from entering the United States by claiming that it won t affect Christians.Christians in the Middle-East have been executed in large numbers. We cannot allow this horror to continue!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 29, 2017Well, two Christian families are about to experience that horror despite almost stepping safely on American soil.According to NBC10, two Syrian families whose flight landed in Philadelphia were denied entry into the country and placed on a plane back to Syria despite being Christians and having family waiting for them at the airport.Two brothers and their wives and children fled Syria due to the war, persecution, and suffering taking place in the Middle Eastern nation. They have been working to come live in America for quite some time and it took months to go through the process of obtaining visas to get the opportunity to come here. Their travel plans had been set months in advance and they were looking forward to living in peace and making better lives for themselves in our land of opportunity.Pennsylvania resident and family member Joseph Assali called the situation a  nightmare. This is like a nightmare come true,  Assali said.  They re all Christian citizens and the executive order was supposed to protect Christians fleeing persecution. But it turns out Trump s order doesn t just affect Muslims, but anyone who seeks refuge from the seven countries on the list, even Christians Trump promised would not be turned away. They came as legal immigrants and were going to try sorting things out while they re here,  Assali continued, going on to state that his family members intended to become American citizens.But now they are on their way back to Syria, where they face persecution and possible death because of Donald Trump s bigotry and hatred.Here s the video via NBC10.Trump s order has caused and heartache around the world as families live in fear wondering if they will ever see their loved ones again. People are being detained at airports across the country or blocked from getting on planes just because they happen to be Muslim or from one of the countries on the list. People who have green cards are being affected and now even Christians are being punished by the order.But regardless of religion, any refugee should be granted asylum in this country. We are supposed to be a humanitarian nation, but by signing this ban, Trump turned against our values and gave terrorist organizations propaganda to use for recruitment. Trump is destroying the lives of millions of innocent people with this executive order and he needs to be stopped before he destroys our nation and everything we hold dear.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2791, Trump Pathetically Tries To Defend His Muslim Ban On Twitter And People Are GUTTING Him For It,"Donald Trump took to Twitter to defend his Muslim ban on Sunday morning and got his ass handed to him by pissed off Americans.On Friday, Trump signed an unconstitutional executive order banning people from seven countries from entering the United States just because they happen to be Muslims.Trump claims that the order is necessary to keep Americans safe, but none of the countries listed are responsible for terrorist attacks against American citizens. In fact, all of the mass shootings in cities like Orlando, Ft. Hood, and San Bernardino were carried out by natural born American citizens. Furthermore, Trump left Saudi Arabia off the list even though the 9/11 hijackers originated from and were funded by the Saudis.In short, Trump s order does not keep America safe and has only caused chaos around the world while violating the rights of Americans.But Trump dared to defend his ban anyway.Our country needs strong borders and extreme vetting, NOW. Look what is happening all over Europe and, indeed, the world   a horrible mess!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 29, 2017Except that our country already has strong borders and immigrants already go through extreme vetting to get here. Refugees have to wait up to two years while they are strenuously investigated by several government agencies. Terrorism won t stop because of a wall or more vetting. But it will increase because Trump s ban will be used as propaganda by terrorist organizations to justify more attacks against America.And the reality is that Trump s order has made the world a bigger mess because people and businesses are scrambling to deal with the complications and families are experiencing fear that they ll never see their loved ones again due to the ban. Airports across the country are also a mess because people are being detained and blocked from entering the country, even those who have green cards and are permanent residents.The American people are already sick and tired of Trump and they absolutely put a boot up his ass on Twitter.@realDonaldTrump The people your order blocks from entering the US have lived here legally, sometimes for decades.  Hank Green (@hankgreen) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump They are newborns, college professors, employees, the elderly, and war heroes. They also believe in the dream of America.  Hank Green (@hankgreen) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump One detainee was given asylum in the US after 10 years of assisting the US military in Iraq, an often deadly job.  Hank Green (@hankgreen) January 29, 2017@missymoo316 @JordanUhl @NicoleR_1982 the actually numbers of attacks has fallen over the years. pic.twitter.com/ch961XeKSy  Trump s tweet Editor (@Spyhuntress) January 29, 2017@missymoo316 @JordanUhl @NicoleR_1982 pic.twitter.com/9MVmCYHDmN  Trump s tweet Editor (@Spyhuntress) January 29, 2017.@realDonaldTrump I look at the world and I see people dying in Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan. But they are not dying because of weak borders  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) January 29, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You re right that the world is a horrible mess. We therefore have a moral duty to help those fleeing war and persecution.  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) January 29, 2017.@realDonaldTrump When Jews fled from Nazism, the U.S. sent refugees back to Europe to die in the Holocaust. Let us learn from the past.  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) January 29, 2017.@realDonaldTrump These are REAL PEOPLE. You re not protecting America, you re dehumanizing immigrants and refugees. pic.twitter.com/xaUb6zq8YA  Lauren Duca (@laurenduca) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump Man, you re pathetic. The jig is up and you know it, you racist, megalomaniacal, non-intelligent buffoon.  Jeremy Botter (@jeremybotter) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump @POTUS nope. we are very fine over here. check your facts. #germany #europe #MuslimBan #alternativefact #fakenews #Impeach  philipp jessen (@jessenphil) January 29, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Donald, I know that sounds right and makes sense in your head, but what you ve done is an historic shame.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 29, 2017.@realDonaldTrump And if you re going to bring up Europe, look what happened when THEY had religious vetting. Not good, Donald.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump You want to know what real leadership looks like? Just watch @JustinTrudeau across the border. Take some notes please.  Roberto Abramowitz (@RobAbramowitz) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump   I voted for you; wish I could take it back. The Muslim Ban; you have one of our Physicians  stuck  in Iran w/your dumb  Katie Sullivan (@Sullivankaty08) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump Probably should ve had someone extremely vet the actual executive order.  Christopher Hayes (@chrislhayes) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump we already have the most extreme vetting in the world for all refugees. you re a fool and a coward.  Alternative Dave (@redletterdave) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump how a real leader Tweets  pic.twitter.com/kG5GWmzfKk  Luke Barnett (@LukeBarnett) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump You are the horrible mess  Jeramie Rain (@jeramiedreyfuss) January 29, 2017@realDonaldTrump Seriously, do you just see the world through ? tinted glasses?  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) January 29, 2017Donald Trump and his entire team should be ousted from power immediately before they make things worse.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2792, WATCH: Father Of Slain Muslim-American Soldier Just Ripped Trump A New One Over Muslim Ban,"Donald Trump just got his ass handed to him by a Gold Star father for signing the despicable Muslim ban.Kahzir Khan is the father of Captain Humayun Khan, an American soldier who sacrificed his life in Iraq in 2004 for his fellow soldiers when he was killed by a car bomb that was intended to kill hundreds of American troops at the guard post he was inspecting.Captain Khan is buried at Arlington National Cemetery with the star and crescent adorning his gravestone. He was posthumously awarded the Bronze Star and the Purple Heart for his heroism and has become a shining example of why Donald Trump s attacks against Muslims are bullshit.During an appearance on MSNBC with Joy Reid, Kahzir Khan had strong words in response to Donald Trump s Muslim ban, which has caused worldwide chaos as travelers from seven nations have been detained or prevented from entering the country. Even green card holders are being detained.The executive order is a direct violation of the Constitution because it targets people based on religious beliefs, which is why Khan once again talked about his son. I am so saddened for my country, for my nation, for the country and nation for which we have fought and that we continue to defend,  Khan told Reid.  I invite Donald Trump and his racist and his Islamophobe coterie to go to the Arlington Cemetery and go to section 60, face all the tombstones there and if they have any shame, any shame at all, they should refrain from this un-American activity, un-American banning of Muslims, patriotic Muslims coming to the United states. And he didn t stop there. Khan continued slamming Trump and Republicans for abandoning the Constitution and humanitarianism. We are equal citizens and we will remain equal citizens. We defend the values of this country. We defend the Constitution of this country and we will remain standing also on our side, the majority of this country on our side. Donald Trump never got the majority votes of this country, we have the majority vote of this country. This is the time for Republicans to stand up for their values, otherwise like Donald Trump they will be part of this dark chapter that he s trying to write, that he has surrounded himself with unpatriotic Americans. Khan even took Trump minions Kellyanne Conway and Steve Bannon to the woodshed. They are operating my country, they are running this government by anecdotes, by alternative facts. What is that? This is how they are going to be dealing with the dignity of this country, the dignity of this nation? This country, this nation still remains a beacon of hope and we will stand in their way now and forever to not let them violate the basic foundations, the basic values of this country. The majority of this country is on our side and these protests are a reflection of that. They should get used to it and they should begin to understand what true America is, the true values of this country. We remain standing and we shall prevail. This is an ugly chapter, this is an ugly beginning but we will fix it. Here s the video via VidMe.Thousands of Muslims serve our country and risk their lives for our freedom every day. But this ban only serves as propaganda for ISIS and other terrorist organizations to use as a recruitment tool.Terrorists can point to this ban and say that America hates Muslims and we will pay the price for it. And so will our troops. Donald Trump is not making America safe. He giving terrorists a reason to kill more Americans like Captain Khan.Featured image via screenshot",0
2793, WATCH: Kellyanne Conway Says Worldwide Chaos Is A ‘Small Price To Pay’ For Banning Muslims,"Donald Trump stooge Kellyanne Conway attempted to defend the unconstitutional Muslim ban on Sunday and failed miserably.On Friday, Trump signed an executive order banning immigrants from Yemen, Iran, Iraq, Sudan, Syria, Somalia, and Libya from entering the United States.The order instantly caused mass chaos as businesses rushed to call back employees from overseas and airports became detention centers. Even people with green cards, which makes them American citizens, are being barred from entering the country.During an interview with Fox News host Chris Wallace, Conway ignored the worldwide chaos and actually had the gall to call it a good thing that somehow makes America safer. You re talking about 325,000 people from overseas came into this country just yesterday through our airports,  Conway said when Wallace asked if Trump made a mistake by not thinking about the consequences of the order. You re talking about three hundred and some who have been detained or are prevented from gaining access to an aircraft in their home countries and must stay for now. That s 1 percent. And I think in terms of the upside being greater protection of our borders, of our people, it s a small price to pay. Here s the video via YouTube:Except that Trump s Muslim ban does not make America safer at all. In fact, it makes us less safe because extremists will use the ban as proof that America hates Muslims, which will be the perfect recruitment tool for terrorist organizations.For instance, this is how Iran responded to the order. While respecting the American people and distinguishing between them and the hostile policies of the U.S. government, Iran will implement the principle of reciprocity until the offensive U.S. limitations against Iranian nationals are lifted. The restrictions against travel by Muslims to America  are an open affront against the Muslim world and the Iranian nation in particular and will be known as a great gift to extremists. So we can expect terrorist organizations like ISIS to use Trump s ban as a recruiting tool to persuade more people to align with them and commit acts of terrorism against the United States and nothing Trump does will stop them because his administration is far too incompetent to do so.The ban also would not have prevented any of the mass shootings conservatives point to as justification for the ban such as shootings in Ft. Hood, Orlando, and San Bernardino, because all of the shooters were natural born United States citizens.And Trump s ban did not include nations that are actually responsible for killing American citizens, such as Saudi Arabia, where the 9/11 hijackers were from and received funding.This Muslim ban is totally unconstitutional and targets people because of their religion. It goes against our values as a nation and every American should be horrified by what Trump has done. Our reputation around the world has just been sullied and we are going to pay a price in blood for it.Featured image via screenshot",0
2794, British PM Had To Hold Trump’s Hand Like A F*cking Child Because Of His Fear Of ‘Stairs And Slopes’,"Try not to laugh too hard at this one.Apparently, conservative hero   our brave President   can face down Muslim terrorists, Mexican rapists, reality, and all other imagined enemies concocted by the American Right   but he completely crumbles into a blubbering mess when confronted with his greatest enemies: slight inclines and staircases.According to British publication The Sun, Trump was seen holding hands with U.K. Prime Minister Theresa May for a very interesting reason: he suffers from a disorder called bathmophobia, a severe fear of stairs and slopes so pervasive that he can be triggered just by looking at them.While the handholding that was observed has been presented as a sign of how deeply they have bonded, The Sun published a report on Saturday that shoots down that idea completely:Government sources in Washington DC said they had been told the New York property billionaire is uncomfortable with using either [stairs or slopes].The 70-year-old president is thought to have grabbed Theresa May s hand to steady himself as the pair walked down a ramp in a colonnade, before then rubbing it in thanks.Trump s phobia also means he refuses to visit one close aide s office in the White House because it s up a flight of stairs from the Oval Office.Downing Street last night would not discuss the president s alleged phobia, instead dubbing the hand holding  a chivalrous gesture .Trump also recently confessed to being a germaphobe (to the point that he says he is  going to do everything in my power not to shake hands with teachers  because  they have 17,000 germs per square inch on their desk ) as he attempted to shut down reports that he had paid a couple nice Russian ladies to pee on a bed in a hotel room because President Obama had once slept there.Does this new information matter at a time that the world is fighting his recent attempt to ban Muslims from entering the country? Absolutely not. But this weekend, we all needed a laugh.Featured image via Getty Images (Christopher Furlong)",0
2795, Dulles Airport ERUPTS As Detained Family Reunites After Trump’s Muslim Ban (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s Muslim ban was one of the main focal points in his presidential campaign, but no one imagined that he d actually follow through with it so quickly after officially becoming President.Trump s first week in office was marked by several inhumane executive orders, one of which involved banning refugees from seven predominately Muslim countries. As a result, on Saturday travelers to the U.S. were humiliated and detained for up to 12 hours at airports across the country, receiving word that they could not come into America as their relatives waited anxiously to hear what would happen. It is a disgusting ordeal to put a family through, and signifies the breakdown of the U.S. Constitution under Trump s administration.Fortunately, people like Trump are not the majority. In response to this disgusting ban, thousands of protesters gathered at airports around the country to fight for the rights of the citizens being detained. The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and volunteer lawyers got to work, offering their services pro bono to aide the detainees, and last night America finally saw its first win against Trump s tyranny.Brooklyn Federal Judge Ann Donnelly slapped the law down on Trump and was able to enact a nationwide temporary emergency block to Trump s Muslim ban, relieving these families and citizens from their anguish. ACLU Executive Director Anthony D. Romero responded to the ruling: Clearly the judge understood the possibility for irreparable harm to hundreds of immigrants and lawful visitors to this country. Our courts today worked as they should as bulwarks against government abuse or unconstitutional policies and orders. On week one, Donald Trump suffered his first loss in court. If you want to see just how monumental this was, you don t have to look any further than the outpouring of emotion that happened at Dulles Airport in North Virginia, after the Federal Judge granted travelers stay. In a crowd of over 1,000 people, a family reunited for the first time after authorities detained a woman due to Trump s Muslim ban. You can watch the powerful moment below:Amazing, emotional scenes here at Dulles as some passengers finally unite with crying relatives surrounded by protestors welcoming them. pic.twitter.com/h8sW3LR75N  (((YousefMunayyer))) (@YousefMunayyer) January 29, 2017We must never forget that what Trump is doing is not only cruel and ruining people s lives, but it is unconstitutional. While this is only a temporary win, it shows that when Americans unite, we are capable of fighting even the greatest of evils. We need to keep going.Featured image via Scott Eisen / Getty Images",0
2796, Alec Baldwin Just Tore Trump Apart Limb By Stupid Limb After Hellish Weekend Of Tyranny (TWEETS),"After this past week and few days that Trump has been our President*, we as Americans have no choice but to be fully aware of the horrors that are in store for us. Already, he has signed executive orders authorizing a partial Muslim ban that led to nationwide protests before it was ultimately shut down (temporarily) by a federal judge, removing funding from any international health organizations that so much as mention abortion, two major pipelines that will destroy our environment, his stupid fucking wall, and even concentration camps for the millions of undocumented immigrants he intends to round up.Already, the first President in history that was effectively installed by a hostile foreign dictator through an aggressive propaganda and fake news campaign as well as a series of hacks directly authorized and overseen by Russian President Vladimir Putin, is not only proving the naysayers correct, but showing the world that they have underestimated the level of horribleness he can attain. As always, Alec Baldwin rushed to the rescue Saturday night with exactly the words we need to hear:1- This country had a calling card.We all knew what it was.It wasn't Wall Street or Hollywood or the right to bear arms that brought  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) January 29, 20172- that brought countless people, America's future, to this country. It was freedom.Freedom was our calling card.Trump wants to kill that  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) January 29, 2017 This country had a calling card. We all knew what it was. It wasn t Wall Street or Hollywood or the right to bear arms that brought America s future, to this country. It was freedom,  Baldwin wrote.  Freedom was our calling card. Trump wants to kill that. Baldwin came to the conclusion reached by many, including a growing number of those who voted for him:  Trump s gota go. 3- Trump's gotta go.  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) January 29, 2017 All the indignation is fine. But we gotta get him out! We must demand a competency test!  Baldwin later added.  He is ill! Mentally ill! All the indignation is fine.But we gotta get him out!We must demand a competency test!He is ill!Mentally ill!  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) January 29, 2017He s exactly right. Unfortunately most options are going to prove to be fruitless. Impeachment would require the rather enthusiastic participation of a Republican-controlled Congress. The 25th Amendment allows the Vice President and cabinet to declare him unfit for pretty much any reason, but that requires the people Trump appointed to turn on him and things are actually going pretty well for them right now as The Donald checks off the Neo-Nazi wish list items one by one. It would also require Republicans in general to be halfway decent people who care about the good of their country.Right now, things seem hopeless but something amazing is happening. Trump is bringing Americans together, causing even those who once were silent in the face of right-wing oppression to rise up and declare that they are not willing to take it anymore. Americans as a whole are facing this adversity head-on and, most importantly, together.Right now, our future is uncertain, but our number one duty to our country is to oppose Trump s hateful agenda at every turn. Our elected leaders   the ones with backbones, anyway   absolutely must obstruct Trump in any way possible. Our nation has never faced a test like Donald Trump, and it is imperative that we do not fail.Featured image via screengrab",0
2797, DHS Officials Tried To Stop Trump’s Unlawful Muslim Ban — Steve Bannon Overruled Them,"Donald Trump signed an executive order on Friday which enacted the Muslim ban he has been promising for months. A federal judge temporarily blocked the order on Saturday. But now, it appears that Trump s advisor Steve Bannon, who just happens to be a white supremacist, overruled the Department of Homeland Security to pass the bigoted ban in the first place.Like most of Trump s actions, he didn t really bother to consult anybody except for his inner circle about this executive order. He says that he only surrounds himself with the best people but none of them actually have a clue WTF they are doing when it comes to the law. When Trump signed the order nobody even knew what countries were affected by the ban.According to CNN,  the policy team at the White House developed the executive order on refugees and visas, and largely avoided the traditional interagency process that would have allowed the Justice Department and homeland security agencies to provide operational guidance. It wasn t until after Trump had signed his name on the dotted line that DHS really got a chance to sit down and try to determine if the order was even legal. A person with knowledge of the matter said that homeland security staff didn t even get to lay eyes on the order until Friday. Even Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and Department of Homeland Security leadership didn t get to see the document until just before Trump signed it into law. The administration also chose not to allow the Office of Legal Counsel to provide legal guidance on the matter.After they were finally allowed to review the order, DHS reportedly decided that the ban could not apply to green card holders, who are legal residents of the U.S., but Trump s Bannon overruled them. CNN reports:It was finally decided that decisions on whether or not to allow green card holders to enter the U.S. would be made on a case by case basis, but directives issued to airlines clearly state that lawful permanent residents are not included and may continue to travel to the USA.  This would include green card holders as they are  lawful permanent residents  of the United States.A source close to the administration said that Bannon had been heading up the directives regarding green cards. No doubt Bannon, with his racist  alt-right  ideologies, is running point on this whole mission. This is what happens when you let a white supremacist run the country.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2798, REPORT: Five-Year-Old Girl Is Detained And Separated From Mother At Airport Because Of Trump’s Muslim Ban,"Attorneys are racing to the defense of a child after the little girl was detained by airport security because of the Muslim ban signed by Donald Trump.On Saturday, Trump told the press that his executive order banning Muslims from entering the United was  working out very nicely  amid the mass chaos that has ensued ever since he issued the order. It s not a Muslim ban, but we re totally prepared,  Trump claimed.  It s working out very nicely. You see it at the airports, you see it all over. It s working out very nicely and we re gonna have a very, very strict ban and we re going to have extreme vetting, which we should have had in this country for many years. Except that it s NOT  working very nicely  at all.Thousands of people are finding themselves stranded or detained at airports because of the order. Even holders of green cards are being prevented from entering the United States despite being citizens of this nation. Protests against Trump s order have also been popping up at airports across the country.And things got even worse on Saturday evening when security at Dulles International Airport detained a five-year-old girl and refused to let her mother see her.Seriously, how in the hell is a five-year-old girl even considered a terror threat in this country?Former Governor Howard Dean posted the news on Twitter and pleaded for an attorney to go to the scene to rescue the girl as soon as possible.This is now a violation of a federal court order. A lawyer is needed at Dulles. https://t.co/g2lUc3EYuP  Howard Dean (@GovHowardDean) January 29, 2017Indeed, a federal judge issued an emergency stay against Trump s executive order earlier on Saturday which prevents the government from sending people out of the country if they have visas allowing them entry.So a scared little girl is literally being detained and kept from her mother because Donald Trump is an asshole. He needs to be sued into oblivion for this, or better yet, chased out of this country and banned from ever returning. Because his policies are turning America into a disaster.Featured image via Pixabay",0
2799, WATCH: Trump Supporter Gets His A** Handed To Him By CNN On The Air For Lying About Muslim Ban,"CNN host Poppy Harlow absolutely humiliated a Republican supporter of Donald Trump for lying about the Muslim ban that Trump ordered on Friday.The immigration ban is currently causing chaos in the United States and around the world, and has been condemned by leaders across the globe, but Trump and his supporters insist that the executive order is working and keeping Americans safe from terrorism.During an appearance on CNN to defend the ban, former GOP Rep. Jack Kingston repeatedly made claims that Harlow fact-checked on the air, and it didn t go well for the congressman. What data can you point to that justifies that these seven nations have a tie to U.S. terror attacks or a higher incidence of bringing terror to this country?  Harlow asked.Kingston, of course, blamed the nations, including Iraq, Syria, Iran, Libya, Yemen, Sudan, and Somalia, for forcing Trump s hand because they supposedly don t love America, which is somehow part of the criteria now for who we have dealings with. I think maybe the idea that I would say, the evidence is that the countries themselves don t really have a standard that would preclude enemies of the United States from emigrating here. These are not countries that are known to love the United States of America. But that doesn t explain why countries like Russia, which launched cyberattacks against the United States during the 2016 election, is not on the list. And Harlow made sure she asked. So you say these are not countries that love the United States and therefore this is justified. So, what about Russia? Kingston tried to spin that by claiming that Sudan is a bigger threat to America than Russia. Well, I think in Russia   you know, there s a lot of other Islamic countries and other countries that aren t always fond of America, but I don t think you have necessarily the concerns and the vigilance that you need if you re talking about Sudan. After Harlow explained that emigrating into this country is a difficult and complicated process, she dropped the hammer on Kingston with a single question. Congressman, can you point to a single terrorist attack in this country that was carried out by a Syrian refugee? I think you could look at DHS records and see that refugees in general have often been the cloak under which terrorists do move from country to country,  Kingston replied.  And we do not know who s coming in to our country. Harlow countered Kingston s bullshit by asking the question again. But Congressman, I asked if you could point to an event that you feel justifies this ban, that has endangered or killed American people. This time, Kingston replied by naming places where mass shootings have taken place, including Ft. Hood, Orlando, and San Bernardino, as well as terrorist attacks in Europe and other parts of the world.Harlow called out Kingston for making  unfactual  claims, and proceeded to inform Kingston that all the shooters who committed massacres in those American cities were all American citizens who were born here. And none of them, including those who committed terrorist attacks in Europe, were Syrian refugees.Here s the video via YouTube.In fact, no citizens from any of the countries listed in Trump s ban have ever murdered an American on our own soil. However, there are nations Trump left off the list that are at least partly responsible for the murders of thousands of Americans, including Saudi Arabia, which helped fund the 9/11 attacks and was the nation from which most of the attackers came.@TomKingTK pic.twitter.com/eT65nfOb5s  Rafael Esteban (@RafaelEsteban__) January 28, 2017The bottom line is that Trump and his supporters are lying about the Muslim ban, and as long as the media does what Poppy Harlow did, they ll nail them for it in real time instead of letting them get away with lying on the air only to call them out later. Because at this time, catching them later is too late.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video ",0
2800, A Federal Judge Just Told Trump To Take His Muslim Ban And Shove It,"A federal judge in Brooklyn, ruling on behalf of the ACLU and two Iraqis detained at New York s JFK International Airport, has placed a stay on Trump s Muslim ban. The move comes amidst massive protests all over the country, lawyers making sure that those denied entry despite having the necessary paperwork have representation, and more.Two Iraqis were held at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City today, and although they ve been released, many others, including green card holders, people on student visas, people on work visas, and even people on visitor visas, have found themselves unable to enter the U.S. In some cases they re held at their port of entry (such as the international terminal at an airport), and in others, they re actually pulled off of planes before they even leave their countries of origin.Congress enacted a law in 1965 that prohibits us from discriminating against anyone when it comes to immigrant visas on the basis of their race, gender, nationality, place of residency or place of birth. This ban is supposed to make it harder for terrorists to come in, but is probably illegal despite being signed by Cheetolini here.It s also likely having the opposite effect of what Trumplestiltskin thinks it will. As one former CIA agent said on Twitter:I proudly served in the CIA post 9/11. Fought actual terrorists. The ban makes that fight harder. It makes us less safe. pic.twitter.com/THN70v4bOC  Tom King (@TomKingTK) January 28, 2017That goes against everyone who keeps insisting that it s for the nation s own good that we do this. The fact of the matter is, though, that the former CIA agent is right. When we alienate predominantly Muslim countries, we make radicalization far easier. We also make countries want to retaliate, as Iran has done already.Congressional Democrats have gone on record condemning Trump and his Muslim ban:RM @RepEliotEngel s statement on executive action on refugees: https://t.co/hNvbdz8awm pic.twitter.com/KNDBAchjYB  Foreign Affairs Cmte (@HFACDemocrats) January 27, 2017These Exec Orders will only serve to embolden & inspire those around the globe who would do us harm. They must be reversed, immediately.  Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) January 29, 2017We will not allow a Muslim ban in the United States of America. Here s what I said at Logan Airport tonight. #NoBanNoWall pic.twitter.com/XqeS9Iy14e  Elizabeth Warren (@SenWarren) January 29, 2017Yet Republicans are oddly silent on this, with the exception of Charlie Dent, whose district has an awful lot of Syrian refugees. Dent seems to be the only one with any compassion right now.The stay is temporary, and it will be up to the courts whether to make it permanent or not. Basically, though, what this judge did was halt an illegal and unconstitutional executive order, effectively telling Trump to take his Muslim ban and shove it.Featured image by Andrew Harrer via Getty Images",0
2801," Wikipedia BRUTALLY Trashes Paul Ryan, Adds Him To Spineless Animals Page (IMAGES)","Donald Trump s latest executive orders are being protested against and shredded for their xenophobic, hateful nature   and the Republicans who didn t have the backbone to stand up to him are getting equally pummeled.Among the biggest moronic minion who didn t have the balls to stand up to tyrant Trump is House Speaker Paul Ryan, who got absolutely decimated on Wikipedia recently. In reference to his complete lack of spine, a Wikipedia page listed him under invertebrates, joining the ranks of creatures like worms. Truly, there has never been a better way to describe Ryan and similar GOPers   until now.This edit to the invertebrate Wikipedia page was first spotted by BuzzFeed s Alp Ozcelik, and it is SO perfect:According to the Wikipedia page, invertebrates are characterized like this: The trait that is common to all invertebrates is the absence of a vertebral column (backbone): this creates a distinction between invertebrates and vertebrates. The distinction is one of convenience only; it is not based on any clear biologically homologous trait, any more than the common trait of having wings functionally unites insects, bats, and birds, or than not having wings unites tortoises, snails and sponges. Being animals, invertebrates are heterotrophs, and require sustenance in the form of the consumption of other organisms. With a few exceptions, such as the Porifera, invertebrates generally have bodies composed of differentiated tissues. There is also typically a digestive chamber with one or two openings to the exterior. We couldn t have said it better ourselves. Ryan s behavior when it comes to Trump has been extremely disappointing, and he has become more of a pushover since Trump officially became POTUS. Proving that he doesn t have the guts or spine to stand by his previous statements, Ryan quietly allowed Trump to go ahead with his Muslim ban this week, despite the fact that he felt VERY differently in July:To compare, this is what Ryan said after Trump signed his disastrous executive order this week: Our number one responsibility is to protect the homeland. We are a compassionate nation, and I support the refugee resettlement program, but it s time to reevaluate and strengthen the visa vetting process. This is why we passed bipartisan legislation in the wake of the Paris attacks to pause the intake of refugees. President Trump is right to make sure we are doing everything possible to know exactly who is entering our country. It is absolutely disgusting to have people like this in power. Fortunately, the internet came to our rescue to provide some much needed humor during a time when doom seems eminent. At least someone still dares to tell the truth   even if they re just anonymously editing a Wikipedia page. We truly hope they will do it again!Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
2802, Trump BETRAYED: GOP Rep. DEFENDS Refugees Against His Muslim Ban,"Republican Congressman Charlie Dent represents a district with one of the largest Syrian refugee populations in the country, and he is not happy about Trump s Muslim ban. He spoke to The New York Times  Jonathan Martin, saying: I urge the administration to halt enforcement of this order until a more thoughtful and deliberate policy can be instated. One of Dent s constituents is a family that was detained in Philadelphia, despite having all the necessary paperwork, including green cards, to enter the country. This has been the story all over the U.S.   people held, or even turned around, despite having all of the necessary legal paperwork to enter the U.S.And there are protests erupting all over the place because of this. People are demanding U.S. Customs release those they ve detained, even though Customs officials have to follow Trump s edicts.But Dent seems to be primarily alone in his party. Republicans on Capitol Hill seem to be keeping their mouths shut on the issue, probably because they thought it was a good idea and now can t admit they might have been wrong about what would happen. Or they re still delusional. The New York Times  Glenn Thrush said they haven t been this quiet  since the last positive jobs report under Obama. The few that have spoken about it say it s necessary to prevent terrorists from entering the U.S., but what they re totally missing is that this is just going to provide more fodder for radical elements like ISIS to recruit new members. It also splits families up, prevents people from coming home even if they live here perfectly legally, has already sparked backlash from Iran, and is an overall mess.One immigration expert calls this illegal because of a 1965 law that prohibits discriminating against people based on their race, sex, nationality, place of residence, or place of birth. So where are Republicans?Except for Dent, they seem to be hiding.Featured image by Pete Marovich via Getty Images",0
2803, Trump Regrets On Twitter Is Everything You Hoped It Would Be,"We liberals have known exactly who Donald Trump really is all along. We knew which campaign promises he intended to keep and which were just a steaming pile of bullsh*t aimed at wooing his  poorly educated  supporters. And since Election Day, we have been eagerly awaiting the mournful cries of those that swallowed his lies hook, line and sinker when they finally realize who he truly is and how he s going to screw over the American people.The Twitter page Trump Regrets has compiled the tweets of sorrowful Trump supporters who have caught on that they ve been had by a con-man. The page was created in November 2016 and has already amassed 105,000 followers. And yes, it is everything you hoped it would be.Some people are sick of his obsession with the media and the horrible grammar found in his numerous Twitter rants. Other people are shocked that he did exactly what he said he was going to do by enacting his Muslim ban, building his stupid wall, pushing the Dakota Access Pipeline through and doing away with Obamacare.Damn @realDonaldTrump keeps getting worse every day. Can I take my vote back? #DonaldTrump #potus45 #trumpregrets  Scott Willis (@WillisAthGA) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump I voted for you and I now regret it because you are a no good lying Narcississistic moron. .  Alice (@Chaostheflipper) January 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump Dude, I voted for you, but your MISSPELLINGS and constant obsession over how MEDIA covers you, is PISSING ME OFF!  Commander Pants (@ItsAllCancer) January 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump green card holders turned away at customs this morning? I voted for you man, wtf?  monEddy (@ItsmonEddy) January 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump@realDonaldTrump please rethink the wall, i voted for you but the wall I dont agree with, please appeal to the needs of the greater Nation  Taylor Ann Wiens (@Taylor_A_Wiens) January 28, 2017@realDonaldTrump 20% tax on Mexican imports? WE the consumers will pay for the wall. Now I voted for Trump but that is just plain stupid! pic.twitter.com/y1tMnmS1Lv  Edgar Flotte (@EdgarFlotte) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump Not even inaugurated, and already betraying your voters? Please don t gut the ACA. I NEED health insurance!  hockeypup (@Hockey_Pup) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump I voted 4 you & now I wish I hadn t. You say your 4 the people but reviving the Dakota Pipeline is a disgrace 2 our NatAmer  william jackson (@hog97lr) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump U lying sack of shit. I voted 4 u. Hiring freeze a the VA? My daddy needs care. You promised to help.  Bobby Keys (@Bobbykeysradio) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump@transition2017 YOU LIED TO US YOU SAID YOU WOULD REPLACE at same time. We will never vote for you again. LIAR  Janet Heinsler (@HEINSLERJAN) January 12, 2017@realDonaldTrump We voted for you but you BETRAYED us by employing the swamp instead of draining it. Does goldman sachs and foreclosure Steve sound familiar?  The Forgotten 80% (@TrumpTrain4444) January 23, 2017@realDonaldTrump WTF POTUS? I thought you were better than this, Don t make me regret my vote!! Retract this order and move the pipeline!  P d off Amer.Patriot (@DRGNSLR441) January 25, 2017The list of tweets compiled by Trump Regrets goes on and on. And there is no doubt that the number of Trump voters who realize they were duped by this orange tinged madman will certainly continue to grow. But you have to wonder, how did they not see this coming? Trump is doing the very things he said he would do all along. Yet, somehow these morons just didn t manage to catch on and now they re in a state of shock. The absurdity of it all boggles the mind.Featured image via Shawn Thew-Pool/Getty Images",0
2804, Malala Yousafzai’s Message To Trump Is Something EVERYONE Needs To Listen To,"With Donald Trump writing Executive Orders that ban Muslims from several countries, including refugees from war torn countries, it s left many wondering if Trump even has a soul.There are literally families dying, children dying, communities ravaged, and Trump has the audacity to turn his cold shoulder to all of them. It s not only cruel, it s brutally un-American and stands against everything we ve ever been as a nation.The Statue of Liberty still stands, and the message of refuge cannot be lost.With one of the most honest and poignant messages yet, Malala Yousafzai wrote a statement regarding Trump and his orders. Everyone needs to listen to it and take it to heart, most especially Donald Trump.Here is Malala s statement regarding Trump s executive orders: I am heartbroken that today President Trump is closing the door on children, mothers and fathers fleeing violence and war. I am heartbroken that America is turning its back on a proud history of welcoming refugees and immigrants   the people who helped build your country, ready to work hard in exchange for a fair chance at a new life.I am heartbroken that Syrian refugee children, who have suffered through six years of war by no fault of their own, are singled-out for discrimination.I am heartbroken for girls like my friend Zaynab, who fled wars in three countries   Somalia, Yemen and Egypt   before she was even 17. Two years ago she received a visa to come to the United States. She learned English, graduated high school and is now in college studying to be a human rights lawyer.Zaynab was separated from her little sister when she fled unrest in Egypt. Today her hope of being reunited with her precious sister dims.In this time of uncertainty and unrest around the world, I ask President Trump not to turn his back on the world s most defenseless children and families.  Hopefully, he listens sooner rather than later. Featured Photo by Dan Kitwood   WPA Pool/Getty Images",0
2805, Ex-KGB Chief Who Leaked Incriminating Trump Info Found Dead In The Back Of A Car In Russia,"Trump and his allies expect us to dismiss the 35-page dossier that details Donald Trump and his team s ties to the Russian government, but a lot of crazy stuff keeps happening that makes it impossible.When it was just former MI6 agent and author of the report Christopher Steele, who is in hiding to protect himself from both Trump and Putin s goons, saying that President Asterisk s closet is overflowing with skeletons (and Russian hooker urine) it was one thing, but the existence of audio and even video of Trump engaging in incriminating acts was confirmed by at least four sources, including one in the American intelligence community. Israeli intelligence officials have also been warned about sharing intel with Trump s administration for fear that it will be leaked to Vladimir Putin. And then there s the little matter of what happened to a gentleman who helped Steele compile his incriminating yet not entirely verified report Oleg Erovinkin was a former general in the KGB and the FSB. He is suspected of feeding information to Steele, and he was found dead in his car on Boxing Day. Russian state-run media initially reported that foul play was involved when  Erovinkin s body was  found in a black Lexus  [and] a large-scale investigation has been commenced in the area. Erovinkin s body was sent to the FSB morgue.  Since then, the cause of death has been downgraded to  heart attack.  The Telegraph reports:Erovinkin was a key aide to Igor Sechin, a former deputy prime minister and now head of Rosneft, the state-owned oil company, who is repeatedly named in the dossier.Erovinkin has been described as a key liaison between Sechin and Russian president Vladimir Putin. Mr Steele writes in an intelligence report dated July 19, 2016, he has a source close to Sechin, who had disclosed alleged links between Mr Trump s supporters and Moscow.The death of Erovinkin has prompted speculation it is linked to Mr Steele s explosive dossier, which was made public earlier this month. Mr Trump has dismissed the dossier as  fake news  and no evidence has emerged to support its lurid claims.The Russian state-run RIA Novosti news agency reported Erovinkin s body was  found in a black Lexus  [and] a large-scale investigation has been commenced in the area. Erovinkin s body was sent to the FSB morgue .No cause of death has been confirmed and the FSB continues to investigate. Media reports suggested his death was a result of foul play.It was later claimed he died of a heart attack.  Christo Grozev, an expert on Russia-related security threats, believes Erovinkin is the key source to whom Mr Steele refers in his dossier. Insiders have described Erovinkin to me alternately as  Sechin s treasurer  and  the go-between between Putin and Sechin . One thing that everyone seems to agree    both in public and private sources   is that Erovinkin was Sechin s closest associate, Grozev says. I have no doubt that at the time Erovinkin died, Mr Putin had Mr Steele s Trump dossier on his desk. He would   arguably   have known whether the alleged  story is based on fact or fiction. Whichever is true, he would have had a motive to seek    and find the mole,  he adds.  He would have had to conclude that Erovinkin was at least a person of interest. At this point, it will be difficult for our own intelligence agencies to get to the bottom of this situation. Recently, for example, Trump decided to retain James Comey   yes, the guy who interfered in the election on his behalf   as the head of the FBI. The Donald also has the power to fire Comey if the ongoing investigation is not positive for Trump. At around the same time as the announcement, the Bureau cleared Michael Flynn of any wrongdoing in his numerous, suspicious calls to the Russian ambassador.Our country is in a bad place and we need more information to correctly determine what is going on with any of this   information the current administration and his despotic allies will go to any lengths to hide.Was Erovinkin murdered because of his knowledge of information that could greatly hurt Trump and his BFF Putin? Maybe, maybe not. Putin is exactly the sort of person who has been known to leave a trail of dead journalists in his wake for reporting too much. It s not outside the realm of possibility that he had a former KGB agent murdered for knowing too much.Featured image via Getty Images (Drew Angerer)/Twitter",0
2806, WATCH: Conservative Activist Openly Declares That Contraception Should Be Illegal,"MSNBC host Joy Reid was SHOCKED when a conservative anti-choice activist openly stated that birth control should be banned.During a panel discussion on Saturday, Kristan Hawkins of Students for Life literally admitted that she wants a law that forces women to get pregnant if they want to have sex.The discussion began with Reid pointing out that contraception and mammogram costs will go up for women if the Affordable Care Act is repealed.Reid asked the panel if they agreed that contraception should be legal, and Hawkins not only disagreed, she spewed misinformation about two popular forms of contraception. I believe certain forms can be legal, yes,  Hawkins said.  I don t believe abortion causing contraception should be legal. When asked to specifically name a form of contraception she thinks should be outlawed, Hawkins mentioned  hormonal contraception  like IUDs.REID:  You think IUDs should be illegal? HAWKINS:  I don t think they should be legal. They put women at risk and they kill children. Except that IUDs are one of the safest forms of birth control, and they work by preventing sperm from joining with the egg.According to the Baby Center,Both types of IUDs work primarily by preventing sperm from fertilizing an egg. The copper IUD releases copper into the uterus, which works as a spermicide. The others release a form of the hormone progestin into the uterus. The progestin thickens the cervical mucus so that sperm can t reach the egg.In other words, unless conservatives now believe that life begins BEFORE conception, they should have absolutely no problem with IUDs.But Hawkins also declared that birth control pills should be illegal as well.However, birth control pills also prevent conception by stopping sperm from reaching an egg.According to Columbia University,Birth control pills prevent pregnancy through several mechanisms, mainly by stopping ovulation. If no egg is released, there is nothing to be fertilized by sperm, and the woman cannot get pregnant.So once again, Hawkins is wrong. But she repeated her claims again after Reid asked her to clarify her remarks, and Hawkins confirmed once and for all that anti-choice conservatives want to ban birth control as well as abortion. In my ideal world, yes. But I don t think that s something we re working towards in the pro-life movement. In the pro-life movement we re working towards abolishing abortion. That s why we want Planned Parenthood s money to go to health centers which don t do contraception. By taking money away from Planned Parenthood, millions of women would have less access to birth control that would prevent unwanted pregnancies and abortions. We ve gotten some real clarity,  Reid commented at the end of the segment.  I think the American people have gotten quite a bit of clarity on what your movement wants to do. Here s the video via VidMe.And if conservatives like Hawkins get their way, Donald Trump and Republicans in Congress will strip women of their reproductive rights. And women won t be marching in Washington in defense of their rights next time. They ll declare war on Washington.Featured image via screen capture ",0
2807, Google CEO SHREDS Trump’s Immigration Ban For Being Bad For Business And Families,"Donald Trump s ban on Muslims emigrating to the United States is having a negative effect on businesses and the families of employees. And the CEO of Google just called him out for it.When it became clear that Trump was going to sign an executive order banning Muslims from entering the United States, companies across the country recalled employees who were working overseas back to the United States so they would not be locked out after the order went into effect.Trump s ban has struck fear into the hearts of families who have loved ones working for American companies in other nations.According to Bloomberg, Microsoft  inserted language in a securities filing on Thursday on the issue, cautioning investors that immigration restrictions  may inhibit our ability to adequately staff our research and development efforts.' Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg also expressed his concern about the policy.And now, Google CEO Sundar Pichai is criticizing Trump s immigration ban as well. In an email to employees obtained by Bloomberg, Pichai vowed to fight for his employees  rights and talked about how hurtful it is to witness how this policy is affecting families. We re upset about the impact of this order and any proposals that could impose restrictions on Googlers and their families, or that could create barriers to bringing great talent to the US,  Pichai wrote.  It s painful to see the personal cost of this executive order on our colleagues. Pichai went on to explain that employees are  grappling with what this might mean for them and their families,  and described how an employee was in New Zealand and had to rush back to the United States to make sure they didn t become trapped overseas away from home.A company representative later added,  We ll continue to make our views on these issues known to leaders in Washington and elsewhere. This executive order has already drawn condemnation from the business community and leaders around the world. Trump is turning America into a totalitarian country, and every human being in this country, and all over the globe, should be frightened by it. Trump s agenda is going to hurt businesses, our economy, and our reputation. And it s just going to get worse because Trump is nowhere near finished destroying this country and everything it stands for. This is just the beginning.Featured image via Wikimedia ",0
2808, Trump Just SLAMMED U.S. Shut To Far More Than Refugees – Worldwide Chaos Reigns,"It s chaos all across the nation s ports of entry today, and indeed, the world over, as Trump s Muslim ban goes into effect. The ban bars not just refugees from Iran, Iraq, Somalia, Yemen, Libya, Sudan, and Syria, but also legal permanent residents (green card holders). A spokesperson for the Department of Homeland Security told Reuters simply: It will bar green card holders. That s ridiculous. That s just patently absurd. That s just vile, sick and disgusting. Trump is an asshole   there s literally no other way to put it.But that s not all who will be refused entry to the U.S. Work visa holders, student visa holders, and more also find themselves in limbo today. As The New York Times put it: President Trump s executive order on immigration quickly reverberated through the United States and across the globe on Saturday, slamming the border shut for an Iranian scientist headed to a lab in Boston, an Iraqi who had worked as an interpreter for the United States Army, and a Syrian refugee family headed to a new life in Ohio, among countless others. A lot of these people were in the air, on their way here, when Trump signed that order and now they can t get in, but they can t go home either because they re refugees, or they re people who need to be here for one reason or another.Two Iraqis being held at New York s John F. Kennedy International Airport have already filed a lawsuit over this. One supposedly has been released from detention, but there s no word yet if he s free to go on his way or is being put on a plane back to Iraq.The lawyers for these two say that detaining individuals with valid visas is illegal and it may well be. However, court papers say that authorities from U.S. Customs and Border Protection wouldn t allow lawyers to meet with these two. They were reportedly told to try and talk to Trump directly, and weren t even allowed to speak to U.S. Reps. Jerrold Nadler or Nydia Velasquez: When Mr. Darweesh s attorneys approached CBP requesting to speak with Mr. Darweesh, CBP indicated that they were not the ones to talk to about seeing their client. When the attorneys asked,  Who is the person to talk to?  the CBP agents responded,  Mr. President. Call Mr. Trump. In Istanbul, security officers reportedly boarded a U.S.-bound plane to remove an Iranian woman and her family. Iranian green card holders were dumbfounded as to the legal limbo they ve suddenly found themselves in. They don t know how they re going to get to the country they now call home.Visas for students and visitors have been suspended indefinitely. Refugees are being held where they are, or turned away at U.S. ports of entry. Businesses who were counting on unusually talented people from these countries are angry. Green card holders who actually live here are stuck, or being turned away.This is Trump s America. Our unofficial slogan,  the land of the free,  is dead.Featured image by Olivier Douliery via Getty Images",0
2809, WATCH: Bill Nye Predicts ‘Big Trouble’ After Trump Silences Government Scientists,"Donald Trump s war on science drew a response from  The Science Guy  on Saturday morning.Trump and his team of minions are trying to stop scientists from doing research and sharing the results with the public.From the Environmental Protection Agency to the Department of Energy, Trump is systematically dismantling critical research and testing that helps citizens and businesses make decisions and keeps us safe.Trump is halting water and air quality tests along with climate change research, all of which could mean the difference between life and death for millions of Americans as Trump moves to approve oil drilling and pipelines and doubles down on coal instead of clean energy sources that will cut pollution and slow the effects of climate change.Rather than accept real facts, Trump and his team are touting what they call  alternative facts.  Trump and conservatives are living in a delusional world where facts don t matter because they directly contradict their own worldview.During a discussion with Joy Reid, Nye explained why Trump s rejection of facts is going to take years to reverse and that it will spell  big trouble  for our nation and the world. Well, any time you re burning fossil fuels, you authorize more pipelines, you re headed for trouble in the big picture. But in the bigger picture is this thing, you know, this word we love,  cognitive dissonance,  this phrase. You have a worldview that disagrees with what you observe. So you might expect, if you were as open-minded as a scientist, as a scientifically-literate voter or taxpayer, you might expect that data would change your mind   but that s not how people are.People on either side, the other side and this side, you double down when you find conflict, it s called the  Backfire Effect,  it backfires, and you get more entrenched in your worldview. For example, if somebody believes in astrology, it takes them about two years to get over it. You have to show them over and over there s no such thing as astrology, it doesn t really work, and then they let go. But everybody s expectation that you ll let go in a week is not going to be met.So our problem, everybody, is this doubling down, this backfire effect. So we have to work, I think, diligently in the science community to fight back. Of course there are the facts, we start with those. But there s this human nature thing on both sides to fight back. We have our bubble over here, they have their bubble over there. Here s the video via VidMe:Shutting down our scientists puts Americans in danger. We can no longer keep our environment safe if they can not do their jobs and tell us the information we need to know. Increased mining and drilling will end up poisoning our lands and water supply and increase the effects of climate change. Trump s denial of basic facts is going to get Americans killed and that blood will be on his hands and he should be held accountable for it.Featured image via screenshot",0
2810, WATCH: Bill Maher’s Hilarious Opening Monologue Will Make Trump Explode With Rage,"Bill Maher is definitely not afraid of Donald Trump.Ever since Trump was sworn-in on inauguration day he has been openly whining about media reports on the size of his inauguration crowd, insisting that his crowd was the largest in history despite photographic evidence that shows otherwise.Trump s inauguration was absolutely pathetic and his obsession with the crowd size only demonstrates that he is way too thin-skinned to be president.As you may recall, Trump took a moment during a visit to CIA Headquarters to claim that his crowd filled the National Mall and numbered at least  1.5 million.  He also threatened the media for reporting the real numbers.For the record, here s a side by side of President Obama s inauguration, which drew a record 1.8 million people compared to Trump s in 2017. Both images were taken just as the swearing-in ceremony began.For those saying  Trump can t be that hated, look at the size of the crowd    #Inauguration pic.twitter.com/Sczp6Feta5  Stefan Kay (@5tefanK) January 20, 2017Trump even literally sent his official White House mouthpiece Sean Spicer to complain about media coverage of the inauguration in a press briefing. And Trump is still complaining a week later.Well, Bill Maher returned just in time to mock Trump s inauguration last Friday but only got the chance to address Trump s bitching on this week s edition of Real Time.During the opening monologue, Maher absolutely NAILED the real reason why Trump is so upset about the small crowd size he drew on inauguration day. He can t stand it that when it comes to the size of the crowd, Obama s was bigger. This is about c*ck, right? This is about d*ck! This is about a guy who never brought a woman to orgasm! He probably thinks it s rigged. The rest of the monologue was funny, too, but Trump is going to explode after he hears that one joke.Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump is a petty loser who can t handle any amount of criticism. If Trump reacts to Maher s monologue it is sure to be an epic temper tantrum the likes of which we haven t seen.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
2811, Trump Begins Day Of Diplomacy By Escalating Hot War With The Press (TWEETS),"Donald Trump is supposed to have several important phone calls with world leaders today, amounting to what is being billed as a  day of diplomacy.  Given Trump s inexperience and impulsive statements, world leaders are especially skeptical of what his being leader of the free world (*SHUDDER*) will really mean for the world. So, one would think that he would spend his morning preparing for his calls, right? WRONG.Instead, Trump is up and tweeting, when he is, as of this writing, set to be on a call with the Prime Minister of Japan at any moment. His target? Why, the press, of course. The Washington Post and the New York Times have been on Trump s hit list for quite some time, and that thorny relationship has gotten worse, since Trump s White House is leaking like a sieve regarding his temperament and inability to do his job as president. It was the Washington Post who said Trump s team is portraying him as a  clueless child,  which of course enraged the thin-skinned sorry excuse for a  president.  To that end, Trump fired off a series of tweets doing his best to discredit those outlets:The failing @nytimes has been wrong about me from the very beginning. Said I would lose the primaries, then the general election. FAKE NEWS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2017Thr coverage about me in the @nytimes and the @washingtonpost gas been so false and angry that the times actually apologized to its ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2017 dwindling subscribers and readers.They got me wrong right from the beginning and still have not changed course, and never will. DISHONEST  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 28, 2017So, in other words, Trump is proving the aides who are leaking the details of his alarming behavior to the press right. He is clueless, dangerously impulsive, petty, and acting like a child. In fact, they are likely leaking this information to the public in a desperate attempt to make Trump behave like a world leader rather than like the man baby that he is, since he gets all of his information from the cable news shows.Whatever the reason, keep the leaks coming, folks. The American public   and, indeed, the press   need to keep the pressure on Trump and let the nation and world know just what a dangerous fool is currently occupying the Oval Office.#RESIST.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2812," ‘Calexit’ Is Really A Thing, Might Mean Actual Secession (DETAILS)","California has had a movement going for the last couple of  years that is pushing for the large, deep blue state to leave the union. This state has long been the leader of progressive policies and movements, and with the election of Donald Trump and his supporting regressive federal government, it is looking more and more like California just might be fed up enough to leave the United States permanently.The movement is led by the Yes California Independence campaign, and they have been given the green light to begin collecting signatures to get on the ballot. Thanks to the fact that the Trump administration wants to take America back to the dark ages where people of color are more disenfranchised than ever, where LGBTQ people are subjected to abuses like conversion therapy and routinely discriminated against, where women have no reproductive rights   well, let s just say the idea just got a whole hell of a lot less far-fetched. It s not a stretch to believe that the majority of Californians do not want to live under the tyranny of Trump and Pence and the GOP Congress.The green light is a sign that this could really happen. Yes California has 180 days to rack up 585,407 signatures to be on the ballot in time for the 2018 election. If they get this passed via the voters, there will be another election specifically to decide whether or not California wishes to be its own country. In that instance the state would repeal the part of the state constitution that says that the United States Constitution is the  supreme law of the land,   as well as law codifying California as an  inseparable part of the United States. On the one hand, this sounds like some kind of liberal utopia, and if it were to happen, I d personally be there in a heartbeat. On the other hand, the remaining parts of the United States would be subjected to Christofascist GOP rule for the rest of eternity, because California is a key state when it comes to delivering Democratic victories in presidential races, with its 55 electoral votes. Further, it could lead to a Brexit-like breakdown of the United States, which could spell trouble for democracy at large, with the break-up of countries like the United States and alliances like the European Union. This could be a world-destabilizing force.Either way, it could be interesting to watch, and one must wonder how a huge state like California, which has the world s sixth largest economy, would be stopped from leaving the GOP-infested hellhole that Trump and Pence are sure to turn America into in short order.Featured image via KTLA",0
2813, Facebook Founder Tells Trump to go F*ck Himself In A HUGE Way (SCREENSHOTS),"Donald Trump is horrible, and Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg is not at all shy in letting the world know that. My great grandparents came from Germany, Austria and Poland. Priscilla s parents were refugees from China and Vietnam. The United States is a nation of immigrants, and we should be proud of that,  Zuckerberg wrote on Facebook Friday.  Like many of you, I m concerned about the impact of the recent executive orders signed by President Trump. Zuckerberg, of course, is referecing Donald Trump s recent executive orders authorizing the gigantic waste of taxpayer dollars that is his border wall, a partial ban on Muslims entering the United States, and even concentration camps for his planned massive immigrant roundup. We need to keep this country safe, but we should do that by focusing on people who actually pose a threat,  the Facebook CEO continued.  Expanding the focus of law enforcement beyond people who are real threats would make all Americans less safe by diverting resources, while millions of undocumented folks who don t pose a threat will live in fear of deportation. We should also keep our doors open to refugees and those who need help. That s who we are,  Zuckerberg says.  Had we turned away refugees a few decades ago, Priscilla s family wouldn t be here today. Though he is critical of Trump s horrible stance and actions, Zuckerberg says he is glad to hear that Trump plans to  work something out  for DREAMers, adding that he hopes the protections available to them survive the Trump administration and that he is glad Trump says he feels the United States should benefit from people of great talent coming into the country. These issues are personal for me even beyond my family. A few years ago, I taught a class at a local middle school where some of my best students were undocumented. They are our future too. We are a nation of immigrants, and we all benefit when the best and brightest from around the world can live, work and contribute here,  Zuckerberg adds.  I hope we find the courage and compassion to bring people together and make this world a better place for everyone. You can read the full post here:(function(d, s, id) {  var js, fjs = d.getElementsByTagName(s)[0];  if (d.getElementById(id)) return;  js = d.createElement(s); js.id = id;  js.src = 'https://connect.facebook.net/en_US/sdk.js#xfbml=1&version=v2.10';  fjs.parentNode.insertBefore(js, fjs);}(document, 'script', 'facebook-jssdk'));My great grandparents came from Germany, Austria and Poland. Priscilla's parents were refugees from China and Vietnam .Posted by Mark Zuckerberg on Friday, January 27, 2017featured image via Getty Images(Win McNamee)/screengrab",0
2814, It’s Official: Trump Just Created His Muslim Ban Without Ever Creating An Actual Ban On Muslims,"We know that Trump wants to ban Muslims from being able to enter the U.S. at all, but faces significant hurdles to actually do it. So he just did an end run around all those obstacles by instituting what he keeps calling  extreme vetting,  because he apparently believes that our current vetting process for refugees is not only non-existent, but preferential towards Muslims, and discriminatory towards Christians.Today, he signed two executive orders   one to spur new defense spending, and another to ban visa entries from Syria, Iran, Iraq, Somalia, Libya, Sudan and Yemen (but not countries where he has business, because of course), and to institute  extreme vetting  for refugees: I am establishing new vetting measures to keep radical Islamic terrorists out of the United States of America. We don t want them here.We want to ensure that we are not admitting into our country the very threats our soldiers are fighting overseas. We only want to admit those into our country who will support our country and love deeply our people. Can we say Muslim ban? There s the above, plus Trump actually told the Christian Broadcasting Network s David Brody the following: [Syrian Christians have] been horribly treated. Do you know if you were a Christian in Syria it was impossible, at least very tough to get into the United States? If you were a Muslim you could come in, but if you were a Christian, it was almost impossible and the reason that was so unfair, everybody was persecuted in all fairness, but they were chopping off the heads of everybody but more so the Christians. And I thought it was very, very unfair. So we are going to help them. There are a lot of conclusions that can be drawn from that alone, but aside from Trump s insane lie namely that we deliberately discriminate against Christians this action sounds an awful lot like a precursor to his Muslim ban. If he were to support Sen. Tom Cotton s bill that would allow religious minorities to apply directly for refugee status here, while Muslim refugees would likely still have to go through the U.N., suddenly Muslims have a harder time getting here than anyone else.It s true that we get a lot more Muslim refugees than Christian refugees, but there s a reason for that and it s not because we re favoring Muslims. Currently, refugees are generally referred to the United States via the United Nations  refugee camp in Jordan   they don t apply to the U.S. directly. It s a majority Muslim region   therefore most applicants are going to be Muslims.Christians then go to the more urban areas where they re likely to be safer, and they might be coming into the U.S. by way of other immigration pathways.Put all of these things together, along with Republicans  desire to end funding for the U.N., and we re most of the way to an out-and-out Muslim ban without actually creating a law or an edict that bans Muslims.Featured image by Olivier Douliery via Getty Images",0
2815, Trump’s Approval Rating Drops AGAIN To New Record Low,"Gallup Polling recently had Donald Trump s approval rating at a dismal 45 percent   the lowest for any newly inaugurated president in modern American history. Similarly, the poll also had Trump s disapproval rating 45 percent, the highest for any newly inaugurated president in modern American history.It s safe to say that Trump is not off to a good start.And his ratings are only falling further.According to a new Quinnipiac University poll, Donald Trump s approval ratings stand at a disastrous 36 percent, which is, as stated above, the lowest for any new president in modern history. Furthermore, 44 percent of Americans have a negative view of him. That s a net negative eight points.At this same time in his presidency in 2009, Barack Obama had a 59 percent approval rating, and a 29 percent disapproval rating.If there s one thing that Donald Trump cannot stand, it s being hated or mocked. We learned that after his fury over the size of the Women s Marches, and his need to Photoshop the size of his hands.The poll also found that the majority of Americans do not think he has the right qualities to lead the nation, nor do they think he will be good for country. However, the majority of respondents are somehow optimistic about his presidency, and think he will be good for the economy (they probably haven t heard about his 20 percent tariff on Mexican imports).Tim Malloy, assistant director of the Quinnipiac University Poll, said: Stumbling out of the blocks, President Donald Trump is considered a divider not a uniter, flunking on honesty, empathy and level headedness, while his predecessor sees his legacy burnished by better and better numbers every polling cycle. But voters are optimistic in general and confident he will help the economy. Being unfavorably compared to President Obama will no doubt hurt Trump s fragile, thin-skinned ego.The American people are not liking what they re seeing from the authoritarian-in-chief. Judging by how it s going right now, it will only continue to get worse. So far, Trump has signaled that he has no desire whatsoever to change his ways. We re stuck with a fact-suppressing, executive-order signing, loudmouthed fascist for the foreseeable future.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2816, House Dems To White House Counsel: Trump’s Gag Orders Break Federal Laws – Lots Of Them,"Donald Trump has placed gag orders on multiple federal agencies, telling them to not only cut off communication with the public and the press but also with members of Congress. Go figure, that didn t sit very well with some people, especially since that happens to be illegal. And two House Democrats have decided to take action.Rep. Elijah Cummings and Rep. Frank Pallone sent a letter to the White House Counsel asking that they  take immediate action to remedy the Trump Administration s apparent violations of multiple federal laws by imposing gag orders on federal employees that prevent them from communicating with Congress. The letter explained that the  gag orders appear to violate the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act  as well as the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2016  because they do not include a mandatory statement  explaining that employees are still allowed to talk to members of Congress and Inspectors General.The letter points out that the Consolidated Appropriations Act also states that if a federal employee tries to stop another federal employee from speaking to Congress about anything job related, they forfeit their salary.Cummings and Pallone cite  a memo issued by the Acting Secretary of the Department of Health and human Services on President Trump s first day in office,  which states: No correspondence to public officials (e.g. Members of Congress, Governors) or containing interpretations or statements of Department regulations or policy, unless specifically authorized by me or my designee, shall be sent between now and February 3. The congressmen write that this memo and similar restrictions placed on federal agencies such as the Departments of Interior, Transportation, and Agriculture,  appears to violate all of these laws. Cummings and Pallone then urged the Trump administration to  immediately rescind all  of the illegal gag orders. They added that  because of the magnitude of these problematic directives, we request that the President issue an official statement making clear to all federal employees that they have the right to communicate with Congress and that he and his Administration will not silence or retaliate against whistleblowers. Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2817, Malia Obama Is Getting Political And Standing Up Against Trump,"Less than a week after her father left office on a nearly historically high approval rating,  First Daughter Malia Obama is dipping her hat into politics, sort of.According to the former President, both his daughters were  disappointed  that Donald Trump won, but they are both still hopeful. Malia is taking that hope and standing up for the Native Americans at Standing Rock.Malia, who s now 18, skipped a well-earned post presidential family vacation and opted instead to go to the Sundance Film Festival. It was there, in Park City, Utah, where Malia joined a protest against Trump and against the oil companies insisting on putting a pipeline through sacred land.And this past Monday, just four days after her father vacated the Oval Office, Malia made it clear just how disappointed she was in the new commander-in-chief by joining a rally protesting his plans to revive the Dakota Access pipeline project.The 18-year-old student, who will be heading off to Harvard University later this year, was one of approximately 100 people who gathered on Main Street at the Sundance Film Festival to let it be known how upset she was with President Trump s plan to move forward with the controversial transport system.The group braved the blistering cold and heavy snowfall as they held up signs reading  Exist. Resist. Rise.  and  Impeach corporate control. Source: Daily MailLast month, members of the Standing Rock Sioux nation were celebrating after the United States Army announced they would not approve the easement for the pipeline s construction. This was after months of protests.In his first week in office, Donald Trump reversed that decision and chose to screw the Standing Rock Sioux by signing an executive order that would allow the pipeline to go forward. That s what Malia is protesting. Look for this to be the first in a brilliant young woman s life as an activist, if not a politician.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images.",0
2818, Twitter Just Tore Trump To Shreds After His Horrible Holocaust Statement (TWEETS),"If you didn t know, Friday was Holocaust Remembrance Day   a day in which we remember the victims of a man who was very much like our current President*. Surprisingly, someone on Donald Trump s staff took time away from celebrating the  other side  of that battle and put out a halfhearted, generic, and disrespectful statement on his behalf   one which Trump then made his own by tweeting it the American people:Statement on International Holocaust Remembrance Day: https://t.co/KjU0MOxCHk  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 27, 2017Trump s statement is three paragraphs long and reads like it was written by the same guy who has been writing his executive orders   white supremacist Steve Bannon. Trump says he wants to honor the  victims, survivors, heroes of the Holocaust    though many of his neo-Nazi supporters would surely disagree with others on the identities of the  heroes  of the Holocaust. Notably, Trump didn t specifically mention Jewish people a single time   a clear fan service for the Klansmen and Sieg Heilers who rally behind him.Trump concludes with a pledge to do  everything  in his power to  ensure that the forces of evil never again defeat the powers of good.  For instance, if a thin-skinned egomaniac backed by an army of neo-Nazis, Christofascists, and other assorted terrible people teamed up with a foreign dictator to manipulate the election and place himself in the Oval Office so he can build a walkl to keep brown people out of the country, ban people of a specific religion from entering, and generally abuse the powers of the office to make the bigoted dreams of his deplorable supporters come to life Trump would totally put a stop to that. Together, we will make love and tolerance prevalent throughout the world,  said the man who is   Holocaust Remembrance Day   signing an executive order banning refugees from countries he thinks have too many Muslims.If this all seems crazy and hypocritical to you, you re not the only one. Seemingly all of Twitter showed up to kick Trump in his tiny orange nards:@realDonaldTrump dude neo-Nazis love you  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump your Chief Strategist's ex-wife says he doesn't like Jews in a sworn court declaration: https://t.co/ZBFZ83Vci8  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) January 27, 2017.@realDonaldTrump But your dad was in the KKK.  Al x Young  (@AlexYoung) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump remember when you tweeted this? pic.twitter.com/QPGkKjRwED  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump your foreign policy adviser is literally a Holocaust denier https://t.co/XjsoiQx1mZ  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump @Stl_Manifest https://t.co/u10twa9E5f  Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump @Stl_Manifest https://t.co/uoUHCEebW7  Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump @Stl_Manifest https://t.co/OSE3Y0e4zq  Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump wait, I thought your buddy Bannon doesn't believe the holocaust happened?Also your voters might not appreciate this ??  ? (@VeeVee) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump no mention of the Jews? You are a disgrace to the office. Truly sad. Truly infuriating.  Benjamin Byron Davis (@Tooda) January 27, 2017.@realDonaldTrump ctrl+f+jews = nothingtrying to keep some certain fans happy?  Isaac Saul (@Ike_Saul) January 27, 2017. @realDonaldTrump You're banning people from America because of their religion, turning away refugees and building a racist wall. pic.twitter.com/TNw2pZtzu0  Ian Boothby (@IanBoothby) January 27, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Maybe you could honor victims of the Holocaust by not ushering in another ethnic cleansing? #HolocaustMemorialDay  Keegan Stephan (@KeeganNYC) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump Your statement forgot to mention Jews.  Brendan Carroll (@_brendancarroll) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump but your supporters aren't racist or anti-Semitic, right? pic.twitter.com/87eF2CyFfJ  Jordan Farber (@Jordan_Farber10) January 27, 2017@realDonaldTrump Have you no sense of irony at the hypocrisy of your statement on the Holocaust? You must be DELUSIONAL not to get that!  Gerald Werhan (@GerryWerhan) January 27, 2017Some of Trump s fans showed up to offer, erm, opposing points of view:@realDonaldTrump 6 gorillion!  Baked Alaska  (@bakedalaska) January 27, 2017@bakedalaska @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/8SJJTVOnRp  That Mika Face (@CT_muhdick) January 27, 2017Trump is a guy who has done nothing but attack people for their ethnicity, gender, and race since he assumed office a week ago. In that time he has signed executive orders banning a large number of Muslims from entering the country based solely on where they live and effectively signing the death warrants of countless would-be refugees, stripped federal funding from any international health organization that so much as mentions abortion, ordered the construction of a wall along our southern border and authorized the construction of concentration camps for undocumented immigrants. During his campaign, he retweeted neo-Nazis and their propaganda almost constantly.He should probably just not talk about the Holocaust.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
2819, Conway: Mexico Won’t Pay For The Wall Because They Want To Keep Drugs ‘Pouring’ Into America (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s wall is a stupid, money-wasting idea only an idiot would pay for, but unfortunately said idiot has our nation s checkbook in his hand. Recently, Trump signed an executive order written by white supremacist Steve Bannon that begins diverting taxpayer money   your money   to pay for his gigantic monument to bigotry along our southern border with vague promises that our neighbors will pay for it.Unfortunately for Trump, Mexico didn t get the memo about paying for the wall. More correctly, they got the memo and told President Asterisk to go f*ck himself. After Trump signed his executive order, Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto announced that he was canceling a planned meeting between himself and our petulant child of an alleged President. Mexico does not believe in walls. I ve said it time and time again: Mexico will not pay for any wall, Pe a Nieto said in a video posted Wednesday. He also pledged support for any immigrants herded into the literal concentration camps authorized by Trump s order or who are otherwise mistreated by the United States under Trump s rule.Now, most people would view Pe a Nieto as a man who recognizes the tremendous waste associated with build a wall to keep people out when the trend has been that more Mexicans leave than come into our country for quite some time   or someone who refuses to sign on to such a horrifically bigoted plan. But Trump s propaganda minister Kellyanne Conway has a different explanation   Mexicans are all drug dealers and Pe a Nieto wants nothing more than to keep them flowing into our country from his. Well they don t want it, Gayle, because they want to continue to allow people and I assume drugs, since they re not doing much to stop that, pouring over our borders,  Conway told CBS on Friday. We have to look at America. Mexico should pay for that wall because they get an awful lot from this country through NAFTA and through other monetary disbursements. Conway says that if Mexico doesn t jump on board with Trump s racist plan because we can retaliate easily because  the number one source of income into Mexico are Mexicans working here and sending the money back. Watch Conway move her lips and say words she doesn t understand below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2820, GOP Congressman DEFIES Trump With BLISTERING Attack On His Voter Fraud Investigation (VIDEO),"Early this morning, Donald Trump was up to his usual nonsense on Twitter, spreading misinformation and stroking his ego. Today, he took a break from trying to convince America that the size of his inauguration crowd was respectable and once again complained about not winning the popular vote.In doing so, Trump brought up his tired, pathetic voter fraud conspiracy because he s incapable of dealing with the fact that most of America hates him. In a tweet, Trump brought up his completely unnecessary, expensive and wasteful investigation into a matter that has been debunked several times:For the record, Gregg Phillips is a random dude on Twitter that runs a voter fraud conspiracy app called Voter Stand, and the information that Trump is referring to was officially debunked in November. Phillips even admitted that there was no proof of voter fraud in an interview with Politifact.Trump s voter fraud conspiracy has been condemned by both Democrats and Republicans alike, and earlier today Republican Illinois Congressman Adam Kinzinger took Trump to task on CNN s New Day. In a blistering rant, Kinzinger stated that by spreading this false information and investigating  voter fraud , Trump was undermining America s electoral system and Constitution. Kinzinger, who was one of the few Republicans that would not endorse Trump, said: This basically undermines the idea of an election, this undermines the Constitution. Just as I was upset about the Russian hacking because it s an attack on the election system of our constitution, I don t like this. Kinzinger also slammed Trump for failing to bring forth any real proof that massive voter fraud took place. He said, You have to show why you re undermining the constitution  just show us the proof before you make the accusation. You can watch Kinzinger tear into Trump below:Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2821," WATCH: Dem Senator BLASTS Trump, Calls Him A Liar Live On Air","Senator Cory Booker (D-New Jersey) has about had it with Donald Trump trying to mislead the American people with conspiracy theories, crazy tweets, and outright lies. Appearing on CNN s OutFront with Erin Burnett, Senator Booker lit into Trump and his staff s habit of blatantly lying to the American public. Booker told the host: A week in office and we have seen the President of the United States and his officials repeatedly lying to the American public and pushing out what could be called   what we ve seen in other regimes throughout history   what can be called propaganda to mislead the public. He needs to be called out on it, and we, as an American public, should not accept a president that routinely lies, blatantly, to the American people. When Burnett asked if Senator Booker felt the same way as Senator Bernie Sanders (I-Vermont) that Trump is actually delusional, Booker didn t hedge at all, and called Trump a liar: I don t know his mental state. What I do know is he a liar, repeatedly so. Senator Booker also said that he thinks that Trump s message and actions are championing an agenda  that is not in concert with honor or with the facts. Senator Booker is correct. This is the same kind of thing that autocrats do everywhere. They lie to the public, sow discord, division, and fear, and do all they can to discredit any and all other sources of information that do not support their narrative. If we want to survive a Trump presidency with our democracy in tact, we must continue to call Trump and his team out for the lying propagandists that they are.Thank you Senator Booker, for doing what is right. Don t worry about Trump attacking you on Twitter because we, the members of The Resistance, have your back.Watch the video of Senator Booker s comments below:.@CoryBooker: President Trump is spreading  lies and propaganda  https://t.co/E08soXjHaZ  OutFrontCNN (@OutFrontCNN) January 27, 2017Featured image via Mike Coppola / Staff/Getty Images",0
2822," Someone Snapped The BEST Photo Of Trump Ever, And The Internet Will Never Let Him Forget It (TWEETS)","You can probably expect Donald Trump to roll out some new rules regarding photographers and helicopters soon after a photo someone snapped of him boarding one.Today was the last day photography will be allowed near Trump and helicopters I suspect. pic.twitter.com/6ckAOxQokz  Schooley (@Rschooley) January 27, 2017Needless to say, this photograph is embarrassing. But let s see what the folks on Twitter think about it:It's Count Olaf in disguise! pic.twitter.com/WruXvvBNev  Schooley (@Rschooley) January 27, 2017@Rschooley does he wear adult diapers?It really looks like he does. A lot of men that age do & he looks exactly like someone who does. Exact  Porkchop Factory (@porkchopfactory) January 27, 2017@Rschooley @porkchopfactory welp I'm gonna go vomit for all of eternity  tiggerwillies (@greywolf_mother) January 27, 2017@Rschooley not only the butt of every political joke in the comedic world but a failed member of the hair club for men  Bill E Bob (@SthrnHeel) January 27, 2017@Rschooley Looks like our high booty POTUS wears briefs which was a question nobody really wanted answered  kira elise (@kiraelise) January 27, 2017@Rschooley the cat on his head sure looks out of control  Nate (@Nate_434) January 27, 2017@Rschooley @Laser_CatEnhance  pic.twitter.com/Zq7WJpmCL1  ryan (@Beepboopzzt) January 27, 2017@Rschooley Nice bulgy adult diaper under his suit pants .  TrumpsTale (@EdGlen6) January 27, 2017@Rschooley @EastVillChris he's the only person I've ever seen make a classic black suit look awful. ?  Thom O'Sparklefists (@ThatNerdNip) January 27, 2017@Rschooley He's a lard ass, lol. Expect an Executive Order on no photographers once he sees this photo. Lol.  Dorothy Domingo (@clayartist2) January 27, 2017@Rschooley Once DJT sees his hair in this photo, no one will get near Marine 1 with a camera.  Pat Lowery Dewees (@DeweesPat) January 27, 2017@rschooley Do they have to re-glue the dead squirrel once he's inside?  Brenda Quinn (@nycquinn) January 27, 2017@Rschooley Well that's enough to give me nightmares for a few nights. Holy smokes, that's scary.  Deb Simpson (@debrdtrip) January 27, 2017@Rschooley it looks like a helicopter blade wacked his hair creature thing and injured it! #creepy  RebelAlliance (@cybersaur1) January 27, 2017Recently, Trump threw a tantrum because a news organization used a photograph he felt made him look fat. Politico reported in November:The source said the meeting started with a typical Trump complaint about the  dishonest media,  and that he specifically singled out CNN and NBC News for example as  the worst. Trump turned to NBC News President Deborah Turness at one point, the source said, and told her the network won t run a nice picture of him, instead choosing  this picture of me,  as he made a face with a double chin. Turness replied that they had a  very nice  picture of him on their website at the moment.We can almost assuredly expect yet another meltdown from President Pussygrabber. After all, his ego is all that matters to him.Featured image via twitter",0
2823, Trump Seriously Just Said Waterboarding Is Okay Because It’s Not ‘REAL Torture’ (VIDEO),"On the campaign trail, Donald Trump said he wanted to bring back waterboarding. Now, as president, he is doubling down and says that waterboarding is a-okay because it isn t really even torture anyway.During an interview on Thursday, Trump told Fox News  Sean Hannity that waterboarding doesn t qualify as  real torture  (it does) and claimed that it is an effective interrogation tool to get valuable information (it s not). I mean, torture is real torture, OK? Waterboarding is   I m sure it s not pleasant, but waterboarding was just short of torture,  Trump said.  When   you know, all of a sudden, they made it torture. I spoke with people the other day who are in this world that were talking about it. Absolutely, it works. Absolutely,  he added.Trump told ABC News earlier this week that he is all about bringing back banned torture techniques, such as waterboarding, and said that he will be relying on the advice of his national security team. But he made it clear that he has no doubt in his mango tinted mind that torture works. However, Secretary of Defense James Mattis has long since denounced the practice of waterboarding. As far as I m concerned, we have to fight fire with fire. Now, with that being said I m going with General Mattis. I m going with my secretary because I think Pompeo s gonna be phenomenal. I m gonna go with what they say,  Trump said. But I have spoken as recently as 24 hours ago with people at the highest level of intelligence. And I asked them the question,  Does it work? Does torture work?  And the answer was,  Yes, absolutely,    he added. I will rely on General Mattis. And I m gonna rely on those two people and others. And if they don t wanna do it, it s 100 percent okay with me. Do I think it works? Absolutely. Once again, Trump is using alternative facts. Not only does waterboarding most definitely constitute torture, but it also isn t effective when it comes to getting information. According to a report published by US Senate Select Committee published in 2014, which analyzed the CIA s detention and interrogation program, torture does not work.The report clearly states that the  use of the CIA s enhanced interrogation techniques was not an effective means of obtaining accurate information or gaining detainee cooperation. The report also points out that people who are tortured often make up false information just to bring an end to their suffering. They will tell you whatever you want to hear to get you to stop hurting them (even if it isn t true) because they are desperate.You can watch Trump declare that waterboarding is not  real torture,  here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2824, Trump’s Idiot Press Secretary Tweeted Out His Password MULTIPLE TIMES In Two Days (TWEETS),"When President Asterisk assured us he was assembling a crew of the  best and brightest  white people who didn t despise him and everything he stands for, he failed to mention that he would be recruiting only from a pool of people too stupid to operate a spoon without at least two adults supervising.On Thursday, Press Secretary Sean Spicer went from  alternative facts  to alternative password fields when he accidentally tweeted and deleted what appears to be his password to something (who knows what?) for the second time in two days.#FLASH   Trumps White House Press Secretary, Sean Spicer, tweets out password, not once, but twice in 2 days. Just amazing. pic.twitter.com/dwZFKx4RqB  J ST R    CTUAL  (@th3j35t3r) January 26, 2017 And apparently a third:Spicer has increased his password entropy but unfortunately is still tweeting it to 1.37 million people pic.twitter.com/wwJUXxL1LP  Seth Kranzler (@polyrhythmic) January 27, 2017He, like Trump, also apparently chooses to connect his Twitter to a Gmail account:@th3j35t3r help yourself with guessing his incredibly difficult gmail he uses for twitter. And last two digits of his phone number pic.twitter.com/yRdGzELvEd  Ale (@aliasvaughn) January 26, 2017Naturally, the world mocked Spicer for being stupid enough to tweet out his password not one but multiple times:Ha ha Sean Spicer Tweeted out his password. What an idiotpattonlovescarbs99  Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) January 26, 2017Well, at least Sean Spicer wasn't using '[email protected]' like John Podesta :/  Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) January 26, 2017@notch @th3j35t3r can't wait for the tweet that is ""Siri text donald its ok to fire some nukes""  Rukes (@rukes) January 26, 2017Trump: Hillary uses an unsecure email, lock her up.Trump uses an unsecure gmail account.Spicer posts password to twitter.?  Planty (@MrPlantToYou) January 26, 2017@th3j35t3r that's no password it's a bug in his AI construct. Spicer 2.0 should be a bit more stable  Saurav Shrestha (@zaurav) January 26, 2017@th3j35t3r I knew they couldn't keep the nuclear codes to themselves.  Michael Martinez (@MichaelMartinez) January 26, 2017@th3j35t3r on the bright side it only took him a day to include numbers. In no time flat he'll be using special characters and 2FA.  Dante (@DJ_NeuroTrip) January 26, 2017@PressSec Hi Sean! Your password is good but I recommend adding an uppercase letter. @erinscafe @ParkerMolloy @sarahkendzior @bessbell pic.twitter.com/POXnFrs5jT  UXR Mike (@ryaninteractive) January 26, 2017Bannon isn t the only member of the Trump administration to get caught up in an internet-related oopsie-daisy recently. The Donald s entire senior staff was recently busted using private RNC email accounts   also known as doing that thing for which they criticized Hillary   and a hacker revealed that Trump s own Twitter security is completely lackluster. Not only does he have the bare minimum in terms of security attached to his @POTUS account, but he had originally registered it to a Gmail account until news broke and the account went through a rather hilarious shuffling of registered email addresses.These are the people who are in charge of our country: a morons of people whose qualifications make them more suited for taste testing bleach than being in control of the most powerful nation in the world.It hasn t even been a week and the entire Trump Team has proved to be a monumental security risk, Trump has stripped international healthcare organizations that so much as mention abortion of all federal funding, taken the first step to tearing down Obamacare, diverted taxpayer funds to build his stupid wall, taken the first step toward a total Muslim ban, authorized two environment-destroying pipelines, tweeted out a threat to invade Chicago, and even authorized the construction of concentration camps to hold the millions and millions of undocumented immigrants he plans to waste billions deporting.This. Is. Not. Normal. This is not OK.Featured image via Getty Images (Drew Angerer)/screengrab",0
2825," After Months Of Concern Trolling, Trump Proves He Really Thinks Chicago Murders Are HILARIOUS","Amid one of the most racist presidential campaigns in modern history, Donald Trump spent a lot of time apparently attempting to appeal to African-Americans by telling them they live in poor, murderous hellholes called,  inner cities.  By and large, they don t.Trump seems particularly concerned about one city: Chicago. Now, Chicago s murder rate is on the rise, there s no question there, but it s not the most murderous city. It s not even close. So what is it about Chicago?Murder rates are up across the country. The biggest jumps in murder rates have been in cities that Trump doesn t call hellscapes. In fact, he doesn t talk about the rising murder rate in these cities at all. Not coincidentally, they are all in states that voted for Trump. Oh, and did I mention that Chicago is President Obama s home town?Among the notable rises outside of Chicago were increases of 56 percent in Memphis, 61 percent in San Antonio, 44 percent in Louisville, 36 percent in Phoenix and 31 percent in Las Vegas. Taken together, those six cities accounted for 76 percent of the overall big city murder rise in 2016.In all there were six big cities   Louisville, Kentucky; Memphis, Tennessee; Anchorage, Alaska; Fort Wayne, Indiana; Durham, North Carolina; and Indianapolis   that appear to have set records for highest murder counts in one year dating back to 1960.3 There were also at least 16 big cities that tied or surpassed their worst murder years since the start of 2000 in 2016.Source: FiveThirtyEightStill, Republicans insist on holding up Chicago as the perfect symbol of blacks behaving badly and they love it. In fact, on Thursday, Trump and a group of Republicans had a big hearty laugh at the expense of Chicago s dead. This, less than two days after Trump threatened to  send the Feds  into Chicago to deal with the  carnage. If Chicago doesn t fix the horrible  carnage  going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017To the group of congressional Republicans, Trump asked: What s going on in Chicago?  Trump said.  I said the other day, what the hell is going on? In response to Trump s question, somebody in the court yelled,  Democrats! The room burst out in laughter. Trump smirked and said,  There s a lot of truth to that.  As of Tuesday, 37 people had been killed in the city in January alone.Oh my god. Isn t that just hilarious! There are dead black people and probably dead Democrats. Trump better get back on Twitter and pretend he cares.F Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images.",0
2826, The United States Government Has Told Trump To Go F*CK Himself,"When Trump began his disinformation campaign and then started trying to muzzle federal agencies, employees of some of these agencies went to Twitter to openly defy him. They call themselves AltGov, and there are dozens of these accounts that are making a point of pushing out the very facts that Trump wishes would disappear, as well as openly fighting his  alternative facts,  and overall disinformation campaign. Many have been verified by Snopes, who now keeps a running list of trusted AltGov accounts.However, no matter who they are, they are all very clear about the fact that they are not doing this on behalf of their agencies. They re operating these accounts independently and are not official U.S. government Twitter accounts, and they re dedicated to maintaining the flow of information from the government to the people that we enjoyed under previous administrations (Please note: Their work does not appear to include any sensitive information, and they appear to be very careful to keep it that way).Below are some of the agencies and departments where members of AltGov work, have inside knowledge of, or can otherwise speak the truth about what the government is doing:There are also two alternate accounts dedicated to sending out facts under the name Alt. Sarah H. Sanders (@altUSPressSec), and Alt. Alt. Press Sec (@altaltPressSec). In addition to directly and loudly calling out the Trump administration on its lies, Alt. Alt. Press Sec  speaks truth to power for those who block @altUSPressSec,  who has been blocked by none other than Trump himself. Back when Sean Spicer was still Trump s press secretary, @altUSPressSec tweeted out a short description of what AltGov stands for.We are not scientists. We are civil servants and Federal contractors united for the preservation of democratic norms. We support our #altGov  Alt. Sean Spicer (@AltUSPressSec) January 26, 2017This is an anti-Trump resistance movement within the United States government that caught on like a wildfire in a forest canopy shortly after he decided to muzzle the Department of the Interior and the National Park Service back in January. There are also many, many supporting accounts who aren t government, but who support the movement and have ways to help. What we see here is the backbone of the federal government, along with concerned contractors and friends, telling Trump to fuck right the hell off with his  alternative facts  and muzzling bullshit. They will not be silenced.Featured image by Andrew Harrer via Getty Images",0
2827, Hackers Reveal Trump Linked The Most Powerful Twitter In The World To A Personal Gmail Account (TWEETS),"Donald Trump s administration is already proving to be a complete and utter sh*tshow, but did you know his Twitter security is just as bad as his leadership? The Intercept reports that Donald Trump s Twitter account   that s the one used by the President of the United States   was until today  secured  with a simple Gmail account.Hacker @WauchulaGhost, Trump s @POTUS account was set to a personal gmail apparently belonging to Dan Scavino as well as one that appears to be connected to Donald Trump s website:Hey @POTUS, On a serious note. Lets fix your Security settings. Should I email you? #GhostOfNoNation @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/FRdMJnZaNr  WauchulaGhost (@WauchulaGhost) January 21, 2017Ghost says that @POTUS, @FLOTUS, and @VP are all vulnerable to attacks because the administration that says it will make our country more secure hasn t bothered to set up the most basic security features on the accounts. CNN spoke to the hacker, who shared some grim details about exactly how inept the current administration is:According to WauchulaGhost, @POTUS, @FLOTUS and @VP are more vulnerable because they haven t selected a basic security feature on Twitter that requires you to provide a phone number or email address to reset your password. The current security setting for these three accounts allows anyone to click on  forgot password  and type in @FLOTUS, @POTUS or @VP. The next screen says  we found the following information associated with your account  and gives a partially redacted email address to which it will send a password recovery link.WauchulaGhost says being able to fill in the missing letters and guess someone s email address is the first step hackers take when trying to breach an account. It s not hard for us to go figure out that email,  he told CNNTech in a Twitter direct message.  I ve taken over 500 Islamic State accounts. WauchulaGhost says he found the likely email associated with Melania Trump s handle within twenty minutes. He said the email associated with Vice President Mike Pence was easy to guess once you saw the redacted version: vi***************@gmail.com, which WauchulaGhost pieced together as [email protected] It has since been changed, but the president and first lady s email addresses remain the same. (And the VP account still doesn t have the extra layer of security.)After news broke that Trump had his account connected to gmail, someone on his end rapidly changed email addresses but still didn t change security features, which was kind of fun for Twitter:So I'm thinking it's dstrumppresident2017(@)gmail(.) pic.twitter.com/n3HJm6Bxwr  Alexandra Svokos (@asvokos) January 26, 2017UPDATE: Second email account added to @POTUS pic.twitter.com/TcqfLHAfkW  Alexandra Svokos (@asvokos) January 26, 2017Update 2: Gmail account now taken off @POTUS. Appears linked to @DanScavino account pic.twitter.com/vd9MWO8B5D  Alexandra Svokos (@asvokos) January 26, 2017Damn it's like whack a mole at this point on @POTUS security pic.twitter.com/CXYroL1hhu  Alexandra Svokos (@asvokos) January 26, 2017It appears we've crushed @POTUS pic.twitter.com/NSDEYGY4C2  Alexandra Svokos (@asvokos) January 26, 2017Trump spent his entire campaign attacking Hillary Clinton for the security on her private email server, but has already revealed that he can t be trusted to have his own Twitter account. On top of that, members of his administration have already been busted using private RNC email accounts of their own, placing our nation at risk. On top of that, Trump still uses his own unsecured Android phone to tweet from his personal account.How can we expect Donald Trump to run the country when he can t even manage his own Twitter account?featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)/screengrab",0
2828, WATCH: Jake Tapper SHOCKED By Steve Bannon Saying Press Should Shut Up – Gives BRILLIANT Response,"Steve Bannon has a clear, strong agenda for Trump s relationship with the press. The far-right white supremacist just did a rare interview with The New York Times, which is ironic considering how much he seems to hate the press, and he took the opportunity to paint the press as an incompetent enemy. In that interview, he said, point-blank: The media should be embarrassed and humiliated and keep its mouth shut and just listen for a while. Listen to what? More of Trump s lies? The press should let his lies go unchallenged? Just for the record, the press does not like being told they can t challenge public figures. The press does not like being muzzled.So, one member of the press, CNN s Jake Tapper, responded to that with something thoughtful and eloquent, yet appropriately brief. Watch below: No    @jaketapper to Steve Bannon pic.twitter.com/VT2tfyTm3q  Colin Jones (@colinjones) January 26, 2017And he s laughing at the very notion of shutting up and listening. It s brilliant in the face of Bannon saying,  Sit down, shut up, and let him lie all he wants.  That s really what it comes down to   letting the administration put forth unchecked lies so they can create the reality they want. In fact, Bannon actually told the Times to quote him on this: I want you to quote this,  Mr. Bannon added.  The media here is the opposition party. They don t understand this country. They still do not understand why Donald Trump is the president of the United States.  [emphasis mine]So the media should shut up. Stop with the criticism. Stop with the challenges. It hurts Donald s little feefees and we just can t have that.Too bad for them that the press isn t going to listen.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
2829, Trump Considering Incredibly Ironic Choice For Vatican Ambassadorship (DETAILS),"Another day in the Trump Administration means another day of sheer insanity.As Trump begins to name ambassadors to various positions across the globe, one sticks out above all: Callista Gingrich, wife of former Speaker of the House Newt Gingrich.Aside from having no diplomatic experience whatsoever, Gingrich is an interesting choice for her perspective position  Ambassador to Holy See. Newt Gingrich confirmed to CNN that his wife was  being considered  and said if chosen, he would not be moving to Rome, but instead be  clocking in  a lot of miles between Italy and the United States.The Holy See, which is comprised of the Vatican and the Roman Catholic Church overall, is arguably one of the most important relationships between the United States and the western Judeo-Christian religious order.And in typical Trump form, he nominates someone who is the antithesis of what the position holds dear. Why? For starters, Callista Gingrich is an adulteress.Gingrich, who met her husband Newt when he was House Minority Whip, admitted to engaging in a six year extramarital affair while the Speaker was married to his second wife, Marianne Ginther.So not only is Callista Gingrich an adulteress, she is married to a twice-divorced adulterer, both of which are grave sins in the Roman Catholic Church.Gingrich and her husband are both  staunch Catholics,  and are allowed to receive communion, as Newt had his first two marriages annulled   effectively absolving all wrongdoing in the eyes of God and the church.Still, the decision to hand Callista Gingrich the position of Ambassador to the Holy See is pathetic, given the many Catholic lawmakers and diplomats are currently and formally serving in Washington D.C. and have much more experience.There are currently 24 Catholic members of the Senate alone, including Republicans Pat Toomey, Lisa Murkowski, Marco Rubio, John Hoeven, Thom Tillis, Dan Sullivan, Mike Rounds and Susan Collins.Once again, Donald Trump is considering a joke to lead a very serious and very sacred position in American diplomacy. Why? Because he has favors to pay. Newt Gingrich was one of Trump s biggest mouthpieces throughout the campaign.This is what we call dynasty politics. This is what we call the  swamp  in Washington D.C. God help us (no pun intended) if Callista Gingrich is given this position.Featured image via Peter Marovich/Getty Images",0
2830, Someone Just Bought AlternativeFacts.com And It’s F**king Brilliant (IMAGE),"Just when you thought you may lose all faith in humanity, someone goes and proves humanity and humor still exist.After Donald Trump adviser Kellyanne Conway told MSNBC s Chuck Todd that Trump and Sean Spicer aren t lying, but rather offering  alternative facts  the entire internet has been on fire with  a mix of humor and rage.Here s the thing,  alternative facts  can also be known by a different word   lies.Well, not letting the moment escape them, someone went and purchased AlternativeFacts.com and then redirected the page to an explanation about Trump s behavior.Here s where typing in AlternativeFacts.com will bring you:AlternativeFacts.com is redirected to Psychology Today s webpage on GaslightingThat s right, when you type in alternativefacts.com you ll get a lesson in what Trump is doing to the United States.Psychology Today gives Gaslighting the following criteria:Trump literally does all of those things.Well played, whoever did this. Well played indeed!Featured Photo by Tom Pennington/Getty Images",0
2831, Madeleine Albright: ‘I Will Register As A Muslim’ In Solidarity,"Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright has pledged to register as a Muslim should Trump succeed in setting up such a registry   which he promised on the campaign trail.The 79-year-old former diplomat and Czech immigrant took to Twitter on Wednesday to protest Donald Trump s executive action that bars refugee status of immigration for people from Iraq, Iran, Syria, Libya, Yemen and so forth. Albright, a refugee herself from communist Czechoslovakia (now Czech Republic), wrote:I was raised Catholic, became Episcopalian & found out later my family was Jewish. I stand ready to register as Muslim in #solidarity.  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) January 25, 2017Simply put, Madeleine Albright is a badass.This isn t the first time Albright   a Clinton supporter   has taken Donald Trump to task.During the campaign, Albright made headlines when she described Trump and his campaign as  Putin s useful idiot,  a term that is more evident today than ever.Albright also made numerous postings on Twitter defending refugees:There is no fine print on the Statue of Liberty. America must remain open to people of all faiths & backgrounds. #RefugeesWelcome pic.twitter.com/4LvMiZTRJJ  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) January 25, 201719 national security leaders agree: Congress must not make refugees the enemy. https://t.co/DkGPlkrPnW #RefugeesWelcome  Madeleine Albright (@madeleine) December 1, 2015Albright s Twitter describes her as a  Grateful American, Czech immigrant, mother & grandmother, fmr SecState, passionate democrat, author, prof, bizwoman, pin collector & occasional drummer. As Trump s dystopian view of the world inches closer and closer to reality, the former Secretary of State has taken more hardline stances against Trump than many members of Congress   including liberals like Elizabeth Warren.In a world of Rex Tillerson s, we need more Madeleine Albrights.This feminist, liberal badass may look like a small little, old woman, but she has guts and nerves of steel the continue to serve us to this very day. We should all be inspired and follow her lead   we should all register along with our Muslim brothers and sisters.Featured image via Flickr",0
2832, Newt Gingrich Says Federal Workers Who Voted For Hillary Clinton Will Be Fired,"Newt Gingrich, the former Speaker of the House who resigned in shame and turned into Trump s biggest cheerleader, has a new litmus test to determine if a federal worker keeps their job: did they vote for Donald Trump or Hillary Clinton?While discussing the Trump Administration s budget   in which $10.5 trillion will be cut fro, various government programs   Gingrich told the Heritage Foundation that in order to balance the relationship between Trump and the bureaucracy, federal workers who voted for or supported Clinton would be fired: All those bureaucrats overwhelmingly voted for Clinton. There won t be any real cooperation until we change federal law so we can fire them. The budget, which is modeled after the Heritage Foundation s, is seeking to nearly cut all discretionary spending to every federal bureaucracy, which includes federal agency budget cuts by 10 percent and employee cuts by 20 percent. Coincidentally, 20 percent of the federal workforce is black, and almost 90 percent of blacks voted for Clinton.But, again, I m sure it s just a coincidence The dog whistle is becoming louder and louder. The fact that this revelation isn t making widespread headlines is a failure of mainstream journalism. A former powerful politician with close ties to the current Administration is advocating for the firing of people with different political affiliations.This is a political witch hunt that mirrors the dark days of McCarthyism. Because someone doesn t subscribe to the racist, sexist, xenophobic and authoritarian regime that is the Trump presidency they risk losing their job doing low level, non-political jobs.Whatever happened to the Republican mantra that people be judged based on their ethics and results? In Trump s America, it s all about blind patriotism and racism.Blind ideology, suppression of facts and science, and now vendettas. The GOP has become a vehicle for a fascist authoritarian regime, and Trump is leading the movement.Remember when the GOP was outraged that the IRS was  targeting  conservative groups for their political affiliations? Why aren t Democrats more outraged over this rank hypocrisy?The resistance starts with resisting everyone in Trump s camp, not just Trump himself.Featured image via Flickr",0
2833, Mexican President Just Told Trump To F*ck Right Off (TWEETS/VIDEO),"Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto was scheduled to meet with Trump on January 31, but that isn t happening anymore. Via Twitter, Pe a Nieto announced that  this morning we informed the White House that I will not attend the meeting scheduled for next Tuesday. Esta ma ana hemos informado a la Casa Blanca que no asistir  a la reuni n de trabajo programada para el pr ximo martes con el @POTUS.  Enrique Pe a Nieto (@EPN) January 26, 2017This cancellation is unsurprising, following Trump s decision to move forward with his stupid f*cking wall and his even more ridiculous claim that Mexico will somehow pay for it   and, of course, directly following Trump s tweet that indicated Mexico should cancel the meeting if they refuse to pay for the wall:The U.S. has a 60 billion dollar trade deficit with Mexico. It has been a one-sided deal from the beginning of NAFTA with massive numbers  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 26, 2017of jobs and companies lost. If Mexico is unwilling to pay for the badly needed wall, then it would be better to cancel the upcoming meeting.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 26, 2017 Mexico does not believe in walls. I ve said it time and time again: Mexico will not pay for any wall,  Nieto said in a video published Wednesday.Un mensaje para todos los mexicanos: pic.twitter.com/EFcNh7fQtm  Enrique Pe a Nieto (@EPN) January 26, 2017 I ve asked for the minister of Foreign Relations to re-enforce protection measures to our citizens,  he said in the video, adding that 50 Mexican Consulates in the United States will be used to protect the rights of immigrants from Donald Trump.President Asterisk and  Pe a Nieto met once during Trump s campaign. After a brief joint public appearance, Nieto tweeted that At the start of the conversation with Donald Trump, I made it clear that Mexico will not pay for the wall.  His position has not changed since then, and it likely will not.Featured image via screengrab",0
2834, HOLY F*CK: Trump Literally Has A White Nationalist Writing His Executive Orders,"This may shock you, this may not, but Trump has been delegating the duty of writing his executive orders to some scary people   well, a scary person, that is.If you thought executive orders limiting Muslim entry into the United States, stripping health international organizations of federal funds if they so much as mention abortion, authorizing the building of literal f*cking concentration camps to hold the  illegals  The Donald intends to round up, and beginning the process of stripping health care from millions of impoverished Americans sounded like Breitbart s Christmas list come to life, you were exactly right.According to White House aides, Trump has been delegating the duty of writing the rapid stream of absolutely f*cking terrifying executive orders to the same guy who ran Breitbart. Trump s Chief Strategist and former executive chair called his publication  a platform for the alt-right  (for those who are unaware,  alt-right  means  Nazi )   and the views that would be associated with one who cultivates that sort of cesspool are definitely making themselves apparent in the nature of Trump s orders.Things are a mess in the White House at the moment. According to Politico, no one seems to have any idea what the hell they are doing or, more importantly, what Trump is doing with his flawed orders that might be unworkable, unenforceable or even illegal :Just a small circle of officials at the Department of Health and Human Services knew about the executive action starting to unwind Obamacare, and only less than two hours before it was released. Key members of Congress weren t consulted either, according to several members. And at a conference in Philadelphia, GOP legislators say they had no idea whether some of the executive orders would contrast with existing laws   because they hadn t reviewed them.The breakneck pace of Trump s executive actions might please his supporters, but critics are questioning whether the documents are being rushed through without the necessary review from agency experts and lawmakers who will bear the burden of actually carrying them out. For example, there are legal questions on how the country can force companies building pipelines to use materials manufactured domestically, which might not be available or which could violate trade treaty obligations. There s also the question of whether the federal government can take billions from cities who don t comply with immigration enforcement actions: Legal experts said it was unclear.Aides say that it is often difficult to know what order Trump intends to sign at any given moment or even what is in some of them because of the secretive nature in which they are being drafted by Bannon and the small circle of friends Trump has handling them.To make matters worse, Bannon is in the process of a huge power grab right now, giving two of his former staffers at the white supremacist hate rag seats at the table. The Hill reports:One of Breitbart s biggest stars, Julia Hahn, is expected to join the White House as an aide to Bannon. Breitbart s national security editor, Sebastian Gorka, will also relocate to the White House, likely with a spot on the president s National Security Council, Business Insider reported on Tuesday.The Breitbartization of the White House comes as no surprise to people at the conservative news site. I m surprised it took this long,  one Breitbart reporter told The Hill.  There are a number of people on staff who clearly have resumes that would lend themselves to the administration. These two are ideologically in line with Bannon. They re people he can trust. It makes sense. There is no line of separation between the White House and Breitbart   they are one in the same,  a former Breitbart spokesman who has since disavowed the right-wing hate factory, told The Hill.  They effectively are a state-sponsored/controlled platform designed to advance the administration s propaganda. And the administration, in turn, is bringing Breitbart s propaganda to life.Featured image via Getty Images/Ben Jackson",0
2835, The Exodus: The State Department’s Entire Senior Management Team Just Quit Over Trump,"Secretary of State Rex Tillerson s better get busy running the State Department because the entire senior level of management officials resigned Wednesday over alleged president Donald Trump. This is only part of the ongoing mass exodus of senior foreign service officers following Trump s election.Trump s team was looking for people to fill Tillerson s Number one and two positions as well as three officials and looking to replace the State Department s undersecretary for management, Patrick Kennedy, The Washington Post reports. Kennedy held that job for nine years and hoped to keep it under Tillerson. He was actively involved in the transition.Then suddenly:Then suddenly on Wednesday afternoon, Kennedy and three of his top officials resigned unexpectedly, four State Department officials confirmed. Assistant Secretary of State for Administration Joyce Anne Barr, Assistant Secretary of State for Consular Affairs Michele Bond and Ambassador Gentry O. Smith, director of the Office of Foreign Missions, followed him out the door. All are career foreign service officers who have served under both Republican and Democratic administrations.On Jan. 20th, Assistant Secretary of State for Diplomatic Security Gregory Starr retired. On that same day, the director of the Bureau of Overseas Building Operations, Lydia Muniz, left her position. It s the single biggest simultaneous departure of institutional memory that anyone can remember, and that s incredibly difficult to replicate,  David Wade, who served as State Department chief of staff under Secretary of State John Kerry, told the paper.  Department expertise in security, management, administrative and consular positions in particular are very difficult to replicate and particularly difficult to find in the private sector. Since the election, several senior foreign service officers in the State Department s regional bureaus have also resigned or retired. These retirements are a big loss. They leave a void,  said Wade.  These are very difficult people to replace. This sort of mass exodus has never happened before. It s not a partisan issue. These officials worked under both Republican and Democratic administrations.Meanwhile, our newly minted Twitter-addicted president is busy sending out mean-girl tweets on his unsecured Android and trying to prove that he won the popular vote even though he didn t. There s a madman in the White House and senior officials with the State Department want no part of the former reality show star s presidency.Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images.",0
2836," IRONY: Trump Calls Chelsea Manning A ‘Traitor’ For Criticizing President Obama, Get HUMILIATED By Twitter","Donald Trump s hypocrisy was thrown square into his face.For eight years, Trump and conservatives repeatedly called President Obama  weak,  not to mention just about every other negative word in the book.But now Trump has the gall to call someone a traitor for criticizing President Obama exactly the same way Trump criticized him all these years.Just before President Obama left office, he commuted the sentence of Chelsea Manning, an army whistle-blower who was sentenced to serve 25 years in prison for leaking classified documents.Manning has been a critic of Obama, but despite that, President Obama signed off on the commutation anyway. He didn t expect thanks or loyalty in return.But Trump says it is treason to not kiss a president s ass after the president does something nice for you, which gives us a glimpse of what he will expect when it comes time for him to issue pardons and commutations.Ungrateful TRAITOR Chelsea Manning, who should never have been released from prison, is now calling President Obama a weak leader. Terrible!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 26, 2017And Trump just revealed himself as a hypocrite since he has also called Obama  weak  several times in the past, and the Internet response was humiliating.@realDonaldTrump shut the fuck up  talia jane (@itsa_talia) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Just like you always have. The people know Obama. The people love Obama. Worry about America and not your ego.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump  FYI pic.twitter.com/b7CJlZVDlO  Simon Cullen (@Simon_Cullen) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Yes, because having her sentence commuted means Manning should be 100% LOYAL and NEVER criticize Obama!  Christoph Rehage (@crehage) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Ur standing up for Obama?, never thought i d see the day after how you and your band of nazi warriors degraded him 8 years  Diva (@sammypolsen12) January 26, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Notice Obama isn t tweeting about it? Sometimes you do the right thing without expecting praise. It s called leadership.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Whistleblowers protect us from those who keep harmful secrets. Our next hero will be the one who gives us your tax returns.  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump #alternativefacts pic.twitter.com/jghEFlN5Lr  Lil  Kim Ms. G.O.A.T (@killerbee805) January 26, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Well, you also called President Obama weak, does that make you a traitor too?  Al x Young  (@AlexYoung) January 26, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Let s work on getting your emotions under control when someone makes you mad. You re leader of the free world now, hun!  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump haven t you called Obama a weak leader repeatedly on numerous occasions?  AJ Joshi (@AJ) January 26, 2017By Donald Trump s own logic, he is also a traitor for repeatedly calling President Obama  weak.  And the way he is dismantling this country piece by piece, Trump should be arrested and charged for treason against America. The hypocrite would not last a day in prison.Featured image via Andrew Harrer-Pool/Getty Images",0
2837," Disgusted Republicans Unable To Reach UNHINGED Trump, Forced To Tweet Their Complaints At Him (IMAGES)","Donald Trump is already making the Republican Party insane, and it hasn t even been a week yet. While many GOPers found Trump s Twitter use concerning, it s reached an entirely new level considering that Trump is unavailable to them by all other means.On Wednesday, the Republican Party suffered another humiliating blow when Senator Chuck Grassley (R-IA) was forced to go on Twitter and beg Trump   in front of everyone   to force his executive branch to answer Senators  requests so that oversight could be performed. Grassley tweeted: Pres Trump pls issue order to all in ur executive branch ppl to answer all Senator requests for RECORDS so we can do oversight. This was followed by several pathetic attempts to get Trump to respond, probably because Trump and his team wouldn t play by the rules and answer more conventional methods of communication (no surprise there).Grassley tried everything to get Trump s attention   he even tried to educate the 45th President of the United States about  how important  oversight is, probably because Grassley realizes Trump doesn t know anything about how the government actually works Grassley even tried to diss former President Barack Obama in hopes that Trump would respond! Hours later, Grassley s pleas for Trump to do his job had gone unanswered, and things got a little testy:Damn! But honestly, what did the GOP expect from Trump, the guy who took the weekend off from being president after his inauguration?! This is a man who obviously doesn t care about doing the work of a president; he just wanted the title.Trump s first week has been such a disaster, and it s not even over. He s not only becoming a nightmare for all of Americans and Democrats   he s a liability to his own party. The fact that a Republican senator had to publicly tweet at Trump in order to get his attention is extremely embarrassing, but that s what they signed up for when they nominated him.Featured image via Steve Pope/Getty Images",0
2838," Trump Is Building Literal, Actual Concentration Camps For Undocumented Immigrants","It s beginning. While some dismissed Donald Trump s campaign promises to ban Muslims from entering the country, dismantle our country s healthcare, build a giant goddamn motherfucking wall to keep brown people from entering the country, and every other horrific thing you can think of and more as  just words  he was using to get stupid people to vote for him, he meant every single one of them   and he s been proving it.One of President Asterisk s first acts was an executive order that is the beginning of his efforts to dismantle Obamacare. He followed up by signing away our environment and authorizing the building of two controversial pipelines, stripping federal funds from international health organizations that so much as mention abortion (in an order conveniently following millions of women lining the streets to protest him). He then withdrew us from a major trade agreement without a single thought about the repercussions, began funneling our tax dollars into his stupid wall, ordered a weekly report on crimes committed by  aliens  and banned Muslims from seven countries he hates from entering the country.Trump even authorized the building of new camps in which undocumented immigrants could be concentrated   for a limited time, of course   until they could be deported (I feel like there s a term for these things, but I can t quite place it). The Washington Post reports: The presidential directives signed Wednesday aim to create more detention centers, add thousands of Border Patrol agents and withhold federal funds from what are known as sanctuary cities, which do not comply with federal immigration laws. One order calls for the  immediate construction of a physical wall. In short, if you re a member of this group that Trump considers undesirable, you ll be sent to one of these camps and any city that might otherwise harbor you will face extreme penalties for doing so. We are going to restore the rule of law in the United States,  Trump told a crowd of DHS employees Wednesday.  Beginning today, the United States gets control of its borders. Trump also vowed to investigate alleged voter fraud in blue states   particularly in  urban  (that s right-wing slang for  black ) areas   so he can prove once and forgodamnall that he actually won the popular vote, because he really is that petty.It hasn t even been a week since Trump took office and he has already made it clear that he has declared war on the American people. The question remains: just how much are we going to take of this bullshit?Make no mistake about it: people will die in Trump s camps and his supporters will applaud.This. Is. Not. OK.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)",0
2839, Trump Gets SMOKED After Telling The American People It’s His Duty To Protect Their Lives,"Donald Trump just posted an outright lie on Twitter addressed to the American people and got righteously taken to the woodshed for it.Since the first day of his dictatorship, Trump has been busy signing executive orders at a pace goes beyond what President Obama did throughout his eight years in office. Trump has ordered federal agencies to start dismantling the Affordable Care Act, programs that deal with slowing or stopping climate change, and regulations that provide Americans with clean air and clean water.In addition, Trump is an ally of the anti-vaccination movement, has placed USDA scientists who deal with food safety on lockdown, and wants to defund the Civil Rights division of the Justice Department.Trump is also preparing to withdraw the United States from the United Nations, is escalating confrontation with China, and has suggested he will weaken NATO.But Trump insisted on Wednesday night that he is doing his duty to protect American lives.As your President, I have no higher duty than to protect the lives of the American people. pic.twitter.com/o7YNUNwb8f  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 26, 2017Again, Donald Trump s actions clearly do not match his words and Twitter users swiftly called him for it.@realDonaldTrump That depends  Your denial of climate change might kill us all.  Kris Sanchez (@KrisSanchez) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump ok, so resign.  Johnny McNulty (@JohnnyMcNulty) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Then quit.  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) January 26, 2017.@realDonaldTrump But you re taking away our healthcare  Julia Reiss (@thereisspiece) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Tell that to the gay people you ve given the middle finger to. You re an unlettered con man.  Taylor Huckaby (@iwriterealgood) January 26, 2017.@realDonaldTrump and you re increasing the probability of unsafe and at-home abortions that will kill so many women  Julia Reiss (@thereisspiece) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Why are you taking away 20 million Americans  access to healthcare then? Not adding up. ???   kind of a symb-? (@JustinCaffier) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump If that s true then why do you silence the EPA and deny the science of climate change?  Mikel Jollett (@Mikel_Jollett) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump in that case please stop drafting Executive Orders that injure American citizens. K? #UnfitToLead  Benjamin Byron Davis (@Tooda) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump I hope this means protecting ALL Americans, sir. Black, gay, Muslim, Christian, Latino and everything in between.  Kyle McMahon (@KMacMusic) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump You only care about your ego. If you cared about veterans and the homeless and clean water then you would help instead of a 25 billion wall.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Of which Americans? Just the White ones?  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) January 26, 2017@realDonaldTrump Congratulations on failing at your highest duty!  Alex Goldschmidt (@alexandergold) January 26, 2017Donald Trump doesn t care about protecting American lives. The only thing he has done since the inauguration is destroy. Millions of Americans are about to lose their healthcare. Millions across the country are going to have to deal with polluted air and water. And Trump s isolationist foreign policy and bullying tactics are going to put our national security in serious jeopardy. His refusal to acknowledge climate change is going to put millions of Americans, their homes, and their businesses at risk all along the coastline as the sea level rises.In short, Trump is saying one thing, but doing something completely different. And most Americans are not fooled.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2840, Trump STUNS An Entire Room Into DUMBFOUNDED Silence With His ‘Proof’ Of Voter Fraud,"Trump won the electoral college on Nov. 8. The electoral college formally voted for him on Dec. 19. Congress certified that vote on Jan. 6. And he was sworn in on Jan. 20. He won the election so why is he still beating his  I only lost the popular vote because millions voted illegally,  drum? He s so obsessed with it that he s promised to open up a major investigation into the massive voter fraud that supposedly denied him his rightful popular vote win:I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017Where the hell is President Asterisk getting his info? It seems he s certain that voter fraud is rampant because he saw something in a polling place once. He supposedly saw Bernhard Langer, a famous golfer, down in Florida sometime after Election Day. Langer told him a story of how he was turned away at the polls, but others were allowed to cast provisional ballots and he was frustrated.The first glaring problem here is this: Langer is a legal permanent resident, but a German citizen, and is therefore barred from voting in national elections. If he did try to vote on Election Day, an official would have been legally obligated to turn Langer away.But still, according to The New York Times: Ahead of and behind Mr. Langer were voters who did not look as if they should be allowed to vote, Mr. Trump said, according to the staff members   but they were nonetheless permitted to cast provisional ballots. The president threw out the names of Latin American countries that the voters might have come from. Because someone s appearance is totally how you can tell whether they re legally allowed to vote here. Of course Trump would focus on how people look. It seems that, in his mind, if they appear to be Latino, they re obviously in the country illegally.And people with more than half a brain cell know that s stupid. Trump told the story to a room full of Congressional leaders at a  get to know you  gathering in the State Dining room. The Times says that this little anecdote was greeted with silence. Then Reince Priebus tried to nudge Trump onto a different topic.This is where Trump is getting his proof that millions of people vote illegally in this country? Anecdotes like this, that might not even be true, are why we re going to waste time and effort on a claim that s been debunked repeatedly, just so he can make people stop pointing to numbers that show he s a loser?ABC News is reporting that the White House has started working on an executive order to open just such an investigation. With all of this, one would think Trump has at least some solid evidence that there s widespread voter fraud. He doesn t.He is way out of hand and he hasn t even been in office for a week.Featured image by Andrew Harrer via Getty Images",0
2841, Snowflake Trump Whines Because The Media And Protesters Won’t Let Him ‘Enjoy’ Being President,"Seriously. Apparently, he thought being president would automatically make everyone love him.The Women s March on Washington was clearly several times larger than Donald Trump s inauguration. In fact, it was so big that it happened around the world.Trump has been absolutely obsessed with his crowd size since inauguration day just like he is still obsessing over losing the popular vote on Election Day in November.The bottom line is that Trump is an illegitimate president and the truth hurts.And according to White House sources who spoke to the Associated Press, Trump has been whining about the massive protests and media coverage against him because he can t  enjoy  being president as long as both continue to occur.After relishing in Friday s inaugural festivities, the new president grew increasingly upset the next day by what he felt was  biased  media coverage of women s marches across the globe protesting his election, according to a person familiar with his thinking Two people close to Trump said he expected his coverage to turn more favorable once he took office. Instead, he s told people he believes it s gotten worse. The bad press over the weekend has not allowed Trump to  enjoy  the White House as he feels he deserves, according to one person who has spoken with him.If Trump really did not want to be protested, hated, and covered intensely by the media he should not have run for president in the first place. Now he gets to deal with all the pros and cons of the job. Surely, he knew about this stuff prior to throwing his hat in the ring. After all, conservatives constantly attacked President Obama for eight years. Obama also received threats against his life and had all sort of racial epithets hurled at him, something that Trump definitely has not had to deal with.But if Trump wants all the protesting and bad press to stop he has two choices. First, he could simply stop being a dick and start protecting all the progress this country has made over the last 70 years instead of destroying it piece by piece. Or, second, he could just resign.Because the more he whines and the more he tries to restrict the free press, free speech, and the right to protest, the more protests and bad news he will get in return.For some reason, Trump expected everyone to kiss his ass on Election Night and again on inauguration day. He seriously thought he would be adored for destroying the lives of millions of people and embarrassing America around the globe. He assumed the presidency would be just one long vacation and that everyone would worship him and that no one would ever protest him or write something negative about him. In short, he thinks he is the dictator of North Korea, not President of the United States.Donald Trump is a thin-skinned bully, so protests should continue to be a theme over the next years and the free press should get to work telling the truth about Trump every chance it gets. Because the more pissed off he gets, the more clear it will become to the American people that he is totally unfit for the office he holds.Featured image via Specer Platt/Getty Images",0
2842," While We Were Sleeping, Trump Declared Civil War","I woke up this morning completely unfazed over the idea that Donald Trump had yet another overnight Twitter meltdown. After being skewered in the media over his repeated claims that millions of people voted illegally, which is the only reason he lost the popular vote, Trump vowed to investigate.I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017All this, despite the fact that there is no voter fraud.Many, of course, are theorizing that Trump s Twitter tantrums are simply a distraction from his real disasters, and that s true, to a point, but when you dig a little deeper, you ll find something much, much more sinister; Trump is declaring Civil War and three things he s done over the last 24 hours prove it.While threatening to investigate voter fraud might be (and likely is) a distraction, it s more than a threat. It s very specific. He s going after only the states that he didn t win.During Wednesday s White House briefing, Press Secretary Sean Spicer was asked about Trump s false claim that millions of fraudulent votes cost him a victory in the popular vote. After that lie was ridiculed Tuesday, Trump tweeted early Wednesday morning that he would order a  major investigation  into voter fraud. But the claim is not just unsupported by any evidence it was contradicted by his own campaign lawyers, who argued there was no evidence of fraud when Green Party nominee Jill Stein sued for a recount in some states. Why should anyone believe him now?Spicer s answer was stunning. There s a lot of states that we didn t compete in where that s not necessarily the case,  he said. You look at California and New York, I m not sure that those statements were we didn t look at those two states in particular   I think when you look at where a lot of places where a lot of these issues could have occurred in bigger states, that s where I think we re going to look. Source: The AtlanticThe second shot fired in the Civil War is against sanctuary cities, or cities where undocumented immigrants can report crimes committed against them without fear of legal retribution. Most of those cities, not surprisingly, are heavily Democratic. Trump signed an executive order that would take away federal funding from states that don t make life a living hell for undocumented immigrants. The majority of sanctuary cities are in firmly blue states, but we ll be curious to see if Trump s threat will come to fruition in red states.The third was on a smaller scale, but in its way, far more frightening. On Tuesday night, Trump quoted some Bill O Reilly statistics and said that he was going to  send in the Feds  to deal with Chicago s violence (Chicago, by the way, doesn t even crack the top 30 in most murderous cities).If Chicago doesn t fix the horrible  carnage  going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017We re still unclear about what  send in the feds  actually means, but the implication is that Trump intends to declare martial law and it might be over a petty feud with Chicago s mayor, Rahm Emanuel. Illinois is also a state that voted for Hillary Clinton.In another time, Republicans would be furious! What Trump is threatening violates state sovereignty. No president has ever won 100 percent of the vote, but we ve never had a president who s threatened those who dared vote against him. We ve especially never had a president who threatened martial law over a political dispute. It s also a violation of the Posse Comitatus Act, which forbids federal troops from acting as local police except under cases of extreme emergency. If Trump does send troops into Chicago, against the will of the mayor and the governor, it will clearly be an act of war.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2843, Spineless Speaker: Paul Ryan Caves To Trump’s Most INSANE Campaign Fever Dream (VIDEO),"Just a few months ago, the idea of Donald Trump s actually being able to get Congress to agree to a massive wall along the U.S.-Mexico border seemed like an absolutely insane idea to Democrats and Republicans alike. Now, however, it seems that Trump s crude, nationalistic monument is about to become a reality   and Speaker of the House of Representatives Paul Ryan is rolling over like the spineless puppy dog we all know him to be when it comes to Trump, and he insists that Trump s wall will be built. Also, it will come at the cost of the American taxpayer.Sitting down with MSNBC s Greta Van Susteren, Speaker Ryan says of Trump s wall: We re going to pay for it and front the money up. After that, Ryan rambled on about how it s about national security and keeping America safe from immigrants   you know the kind of rhetoric that was unthinkable from an American leader just a few shorts months ago: This is about keeping Americans safe. We are committed to working with the administration to stop the influx of illegal immigration along the southern border, protect our homeland, and uphold the rule of law. I applaud President Trump for keeping his promise to make this a national priority. Then, he went on to agree with the looniest part of Trump s plan   to force Mexico to pay for the wall. Ryan says: There are a lot of different ways of getting Mexico to contribute to doing this. So, let me get this straight   Paul Ryan, who likes to pretend he s one of the reasonable Republicans on Capitol Hill, the guy who people looked to in order to challenge Trump s insanity, is now caving to one of the craziest plans Trump has hatched.If anyone had any comforting delusions that GOPers on The Hill would do anything about Trump s nutty plans, you best get rid of them now and #RESIST.Watch a short clip of the interview below:Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2844, Joy Behar Delivers BRUTALLY Honest Message To Trump That He’ll Have To Agree With (VIDEO),"Ever since Donald Trump lost the popular vote in the general election by nearly 3 million votes, he hasn t been able to let it go, even though he won the Electoral College.Even on Wednesday, he was still announcing that he thinks the election had voter fraud and let us all know via his medium of choice   Twitter. He tweeted:I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017Nothing in those tweets is backed by evidence or facts no matter how many times he says it to try to get us to believe it.Yet, in reaction to Trump being so adamant about their being voter fraud, The View s Joy Behar came up with a brilliant solution   hold a new election.Reiterating what she said on The View earlier in the day, Behar tweeted out: If there was voter fraud, I say let s do it over again! If there was voter fraud, I say let's do it over again!  Joy Behar (@JoyVBehar) January 25, 2017Which is a very honest suggestion that should, in a logical world, make everyone happy. If Trump thinks there was fraud (there wasn t) then he should be in complete agreement with the suggestion of a new election. And you best be sure Hillary Clinton supporters will more than happily get behind the idea.So, what say you, Donald? Let s do it!Watch the video here:Featured image via video screen capture   HT Sarah Burris",0
2845, Trump Is Charging Journalists With Felonies For Covering His Inauguration Protests,"In a play right out of Vladimir Putin s Rules for Dictators, Donald Trump is in the process of locking up journalists who don t paint a rosy picture of the Trump administration and his popularity, or lack thereof.So far, six journalists (First Amendment be damned) have been arrested for covering last Saturday s protests that followed Donald Trump s inauguration. If convicted, each of the six could face up to 10 years in prison and a $25,000 fine.A documentary producer, a photojournalist, a live-streamer and a freelance reporter were each charged with the most serious level of offense under Washington DC s law against rioting, after being caught up in the police action against demonstrators.The Guardian learned of their arrests after reporting on Monday that the journalists Evan Engel of Vocativ and Alex Rubinstein of RT America had also been arrested and charged with felonies while covering the same unrest on Friday morning.Source: The GuardianClearly, this is a direct violation of the First Amendment. Even if they weren t journalists, it s still legal to protest in this country, but journalists should be assigned even more protection. All they were doing were their jobs. They were recording the protest, not instigating. These charges are clearly inappropriate, and we are concerned that they could send a chilling message to journalists covering future protests,  said Carlos Laur a, the CPJ s senior Americas program coordinator.  We call on authorities in Washington to drop these charges immediately. Trump s apparent role model, Vladimir Putin, has a long and abusive history with journalists in his own country. About a year ago, when Republicans still hated Russia, the conservative blog, The Daily Caller, talked about how in Russia, not only are journalists censored, they far too often end up dead.A 2009 investigation by the International Federation of Journalists reported 96 killings of journalists between 1991 and 2009, by far the highest number among the 20 richest countries in the world.We aren t saying Trump is there. We desperately hope he never goes that far, but his disdain for journalism is public knowledge and his attempts at censorship become more blatant every day. Arresting journalists for simply doing their job is an unacceptable precedent. Please let everyone know.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images.",0
2846, BUSTED: Trump’s Senior WH Staff Have Email Accounts On A Private Server (DETAILS),"When Donald Trump was a running for office, he and his conservative followers repeatedly called for  locking up  Hillary Clinton for handling government work with a private server while secretary of state. Hypocrisy, thy name is GOP. Newsweek is reporting that senior Trump administration staffers have active accounts on a Republican National Committee email system. Kellyanne Conway, Jared Kushner, Sean Spicer and Steve Bannon are among those who are using the system (rnchq.org)   the same one the George W. Bush administration was accused of using in order to evade transparency rules after claiming to have  lost  22 million emails.What they re doing is not illegal but it is ironic.But after then-candidate Donald Trump and the Republicans repeatedly called for  locking up  Hillary Clinton for handling government work with a private server while secretary of state, the new White House staff risks repeating the same mistake that dogged the Democrat s presidential campaign. They also face a security challenge: The RNC email system, according to U.S. intelligence, was hacked during the 2016 race.  They better be careful after making such a huge ruckus over the private email over at the State Department,  says former Bush administration lawyer Richard Painter.And by the way, Hillary Clinton s server use did not violate the law. Still yet, last July, an informal adviser to Donald Trump s presidential campaign called for Hillary Clinton s execution. Al Baldasaro said that Clinton  should be put in the firing line and shot for treason  because of her use of private email server.It s not known yet how the Trump staffers are using the RNC email addresses, however, if they are actively using them then they are subject to the  Disclosure Requirement For Official Business Conducted Using Electronic Messaging Accounts. If White House staffers have already used the RNC emails system for White House work, they must copy or forward those communications into the government system within 20 days.But wait, there s more!The New York Times is reporting that Trump is still using his  old, unsecured Android phone  to take calls and tweet despite  protests from some of his aides. Last night when Trump tweeted that he would send in the Feds  to Chicago, he was using his Android. As for the White House phones, Trump said they are  the world s most secure system,  adding,  The words just explode in the air. Notably, this is the same RNC server that multiple intelligence agencies and officials claim was hacked during the 2016 race.Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images.",0
2847," Washington Post Issues PRICELESS ‘Apology’ To Trump, Puts Out ‘True, Unbiased’ Inauguration Story","The Washington Post, after being repeatedly dragged through the mud at the (tiny) hands of Donald Trump, not to mention also being labeled  fake news,  has decided it owes Trump an apology. They ve (sarcastically) conceded that the press has been mean and has hurt Trump s feelings, and that they ve even lied through their teeth. And they ve published the  true, unbiased  version of Trump s inauguration that he no doubt sincerely believes we should all heed.And it s amazing. It s hilarious. Its sarcasm is over the top, as it should be because Trump s overinflated opinion of himself is over the top. If it wasn t, he wouldn t have told the CIA,  Wait a minute, I made a speech. I looked out, the field was   it looked like a million, million and a half people. The Post s story addresses all of this and more with hilarious abandon. Written by Alexandra Petri, it starts off with an abject apology: I apologize to Donald Trump. As Sean Spicer so wisely said at his first news conference on Monday (It was the first. The one that happened on Saturday did not happen at all, and I recognize that!), it is unfair to be so mean and negative all the time.Here is the fair and unbiased story about the inauguration written in compliance with the Trump style guidelines that we should have been obeying all along. She also  reports  on the  apology  that all the media gave to Trump, which touches on his childish temper tantrums, his inability to let even the tiniest of slights go, and Sean Spicer s whining that the press hurts Trump s feelings:The media was there, too, and they were very sorry.  Donald,  the newscasters said,  we were mean to you. We used to laugh and call you names. We were no better than all of the other reindeer. How can you ever forgive us? Forgive you?  Donald Trump asked.  I ve already forgotten.  He smiled a big, beautiful smile.And she says,  Nothing that has ever happened or will ever happen was as great as Donald Trump s inauguration. Truth. Not. But Trump doesn t know that. In his mind, he can do no wrong. His accomplishments are great and many, his failures and faults don t exist, and the press is very, very wrong to not focus on his great accomplishments. He s a legend in his own mind.Trump, we should all remember, has the best speeches, the best words, the best everything, and Petri highlights his incessant, exaggerated bragging with this: Everyone liked Donald Trump s speech and the words that he used. They liked even more the part where he rolled up his sleeve and showed off his bicep. It was a great bicep. It made the Rock so upset to see it that he threw something down on the ground and said  darn. However, the true zingers start when Petri talks about how Trump walked through the crowd (he didn t), touching everyone  in a way that they all thought was welcome and appropriate,  (ha!) and curing diseases, kind of like Jesus, so nobody would ever need vaccines again. She then points out a piece of Trump s agenda in this gem of sarcasm: It was like the Oscars, but also like Woodstock, but also like the Super Bowl, but also like the Sermon on the Mount. If you were not there, you should just go home and die, because nothing in your life will have purpose or meaning by comparison, not even holding your newborn child in your arms or having health insurance.  [emphasis mine]And finally, she closes with the biggest zinger of all: Donald Trump is the star. People love him.He won the popular vote, too.  [emphasis mine]Considering he plans on wasting taxpayer dollars with an investigation to prove he won the popular vote, that s the best of all of them. Maybe Trump will notice this story, but not its sarcasm, and make an even bigger fool of himself on this.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
2848, Trump’s Stupid ‘Voter Fraud’ Witch Hunt Just ‘Busted’ One Of His Own Top Minions,"On Wednesday morning, Donald Trump announced that he would be launching a full-scale investigation into why so many women and minorities were allowed to vote for his opponent voter fraud, including  those registered to vote in two states.  Depending on the results of his investigation, President Asterisk says he plans to  strengthen  regulations to ensure that only white, straight men get to vote for the rest of time our elections are fair and only corrupt government officials and brutal foreign dictators have a say.I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017Now, Trump is completely wrong about it being a crime to be registered in two states. Voting in two states is a crime. But let s humor him. Let s say that is voter fraud. He really doesn t have to look far at all to find someone.Trump senior advisor Steve Bannon is a lot of things: he s an anti-semite, a white supremacist, a douchebag, and an alleged domestic abuser. He s also a proud registered voter in the state of New York   and in Florida.Bannon registered to vote in New York shortly before the election and cast his ballot for Trump in only that state. But he is also registered to vote at the home of a friend, Andy Badolato, in the Sunshine State. He changed his address in Florida in August, shortly after reports surfaced that he was previously registered at an abandoned house. Bannon did not commit voter fraud in any way, but according to Trump he is a criminal simply because he has an outdated registration in Florida.This must be uncomfortable for Trump, whose false claims about what does and does not constitute fraud has nailed one of his senior minions, but it s likely that he will ignore it because it doesn t quite fit his narrative that millions of people voted illegally for Hillary Clinton, and that is why he lost the popular vote.Did you ever think you would see the President abuse the powers of his office to satisfy his ego and push a debunked conspiracy theory? Yeah, we didn t either, but here we are.Featured image via Getty Images/Mark Wilson",0
2849, REPORT: Trump Will Likely Force US Taxpayers To Pay Mexican Companies To Build His Border Wall,"Adding insult to injury, not only will Donald Trump force U.S. taxpayers to build the wall along the southern border, he will use that money to hire Mexican companies to build it.During his inaugural address, Trump claimed America would follow tow rules.We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN & HIRE AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay #MAGA??  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 20, 2017That s right. The man who buys materials for his hotels from overseas and has his products made by overseas laborers literally commanded Americans to buy American made goods and to hire American workers.And Trump is already breaking those rules as president.Trump repeatedly promised his supporters that he would build a wall alongside the entirety of the U.S.-Mexican border and force Mexico to pay for it. Trump then said that American taxpayers would pay for it and Mexico will simply reimburse us for the cost. Just before taking office, Trump went to Congress to ask them for the money to build the wall.Yesterday, Trump declared once again on Twitter that he is following through with building the wall.Big day planned on NATIONAL SECURITY tomorrow. Among many other things, we will build the wall!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017But now it appears that Trump is getting ready to screw over American taxpayers, American workers, and American companies because he intends to hire Mexican companies to build the wall.According to The Guardian,The construction consultants Gleeds Worldwide said building a 1,000-mile wall   the border is 1,889 miles long but large parts are protected by natural barriers including mountains and the Rio Grande   would cost $31bn and take 40,000 people more than five years to construct.And because Mexican laborers and Mexican companies are less expensive, Trump will likely pay them to build it, thus depriving American workers and companies from benefiting. The idea of building a 1,000-mile wall which is designed to be impenetrable is something that may well come back to haunt the president,  Gleeds chairman Richard Steer said.  You ve got to build roads to move the materials and machinery and get the workforce to the location as the wall is being built. You would need a very big labor force to build it   some 40,000 people working over five years. Steer went on to state that Mexican workers would benefit the most from the massive project because they are closer to the site and make less pay.Mexican companies are also poised to benefit most from the project because materials are cheaper.Analysts at Bernstein investment bank plotted the location of nearby plants and quarries and found that the Mexican building company Cemex was best-positioned to provide materials on both sides of the border.In short, Trump is going to do the same thing he did in order to build his hotels. He s going to screw over American companies and American workers by using foreign labor and buying materials from foreign companies to do the job. And the taxpayers are going to fund every last wasteful dime of the cost and get nothing in return except a useless ugly wall that will do nothing to stop immigration and will draw comparisons to walls built by other tyrannical regimes such as the Berlin Wall built by the Soviet Union.It s time for Trump supporters to wake up and realize that Trump doesn t give a damn about them at all.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2850, CNN Smacks Trump With Inauguration Day Ratings Facts After He Praises Fox News,"Donald Trump just got humiliated by CNN with facts after he attacked the network on Twitter.Trump once again referred to CNN as  fake news  while praising Fox News for having higher ratings during the inauguration ceremony.Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN   public is smart!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017It s absolutely petty, not to mention totally biased, for a president to promote one news organization over another. It s especially embarrassing for a president to attack the free press like Trump has been doing.But CNN fired back on Twitter soon after Trump s post, informing him that CNN and Fox actually tied in total viewership for the day and CNN had an additional 16.9 million on digital platform. According to Neilson s cumulative numbers, 34 million people watched CNN s inauguration day coverage on television. 34 million watched Fox News. There were an additional 16.9 million live video starts on CNN digital platforms. Those are the facts. @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/bTtBoNr0Bn  CNN Communications (@CNNPR) January 25, 2017So while people tuned into Fox for the ceremony itself, most people tuned in to watch CNN s commentary and analysis as the day continued. In other words, while people were willing to watch Fox to catch the inauguration, they did not want to watch Fox News  biased propaganda afterward and chose to watch CNN instead.Donald Trump has been targeting CNN for awhile now. He repeatedly attacked them on the campaign trail and now he is still attacking them now, even going so far as to call them  fake news  during a press conference earlier this month. If President Obama has called Fox  fake news  during a press conference conservatives would have screamed bloody murder and accused Obama of attacking the free press.But as usual, conservatives are hypocrites because they don t seem to have any problem with Trump attacking the free press as long as he only attacks the real free press.Featured image via Steve Pope/Getty Images",0
2851, Trump Is HOPING People Won’t See This Video That PROVES He’s Lying About Voter Fraud,"CNN talked to the man who conducted the study Donald Trump cited as  proof  that 3 million people voted illegally in the 2016 Election and Trump will not like what he said.During an interview with Wolf Blitzer, political science professor Brian Schaffner absolutely shattered Trump s claim that he only lost the popular vote because over 3 million people voted illegally.Trump s claim has been debunked multiple times and even many Republicans are embarrassed by it enough that they are begging him to stop repeating such a blatant lie.Blitzer asked Schaffner about the data his team collected in a 2014 study which found that  14 percent of non-citizens said they were eligible to vote. Schaffner has since called the study unreliable because his team went back to talk to the participants and found that none of them actually voted. As it turns out, they merely clicked the wrong button when answering the question.SCHAFFNER: Well, what the authors did was essentially use a question on our survey that asked people whether or not they were a citizen. What we did was actually go back and ask those people again whether or not they were a citizen, and a lot of people had just basically erroneously clicked on the wrong button, and the people who we could actually confirm were actually noncitizens, they were basically no voters among that group.BLITZER: Either   so, what you re saying, that no non-citizens voted as far as your study, your data was concerned, in those elections?SCHAFFNER: That s right. We could find   of the people who we were sure were noncitizens, we could not find any who had actually cast a vote.So Trump is literally citing an unreliable study as evidence of his claims, something that Schaffner finds absolutely  frustrating. It s very frustrating,  Schaffner said. The data certainly do not show that. We published a study basically showing that the study that the data   that uses our data to say that, is wrong. That study has been widely cited by news outlets to basically say what the administration is saying is false.And the notion that millions of people could vote illegally and no one would have any data to be able to show this is the case is just absurd. It s absurd that millions of people, millions of noncitizens, would have voted in 2016. It s just   it s just not even plausible. Schaffner went on to concede that a handful of non-citizens may have voted in the election, but the scale of voter fraud Donald Trump is talking about is impossible.Here s the video via Media Matters.Indeed, Trump claimed that massive voter fraud was being committed during the campaign, only to be refuted by Ohio s Republican Secretary of State Jon Husted. Our institutions, like our election system, is one of the bedrocks of American democracy,  Husted said in October.  We should not question it or the legitimacy of it. It works very well. The idea of widespread voter fraud would require some systemic problem in our system, and so if there s a systemic problem, please identify it. Don t just make an allegation on Twitter. Tell me, tell the secretaries of state around the country what the problem is so that we can fix it. But right now we re not aware of any systemic problems in our voting system. Are there cases of voter fraud? Absolutely, there are cases of voter fraud. But it s rare, and we catch these people. Most times we catch them before their vote is even counted. And that goes for every state across the nation. Trump should be embarrassed and ashamed. And if he really thinks our election was rigged then we should hold a brand new election immediately and give him something to really cry about when the American people reject him.Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2852, The Numbers Are In: Trump Is The Most Hated Newly Inaugurated President EVER,"It s been less than a week since Donald Trump took the oath of office, and already he s breaking records left and right (and none of them are good).Simply put: Donald Trump is the most hated incoming president this country has seen in at least 60 years.According to Gallup Polling:President Donald Trump is the first elected president in Gallup s polling history to receive an initial job approval rating below the majority level. He starts his term in office with 45% of Americans approving of the way he is handling his new job, 45% disapproving and 10% yet to form an opinion. Trump now holds the record for the lowest initial job approval rating as well as the highest initial disapproval rating in Gallup surveys dating back to Dwight D. Eisenhower.Congratulations, America. You nominated a man you vehemently hate (more so than George W. Bush).To put it in perspective, let s look at the numbers for Trump and past presidents:Donald Trump  Approve: 45 percent. Disapprove: 45 percentBarack Obama  Approve: 68 percent. Disapprove: 12 percentGeorge W. Bush  Approve: 57 percent. Disapprove: 25 percentBill Clinton  Approve: 58 percent. Disapprove: 20 percentGeorge H.W. Bush  Approve: 51 percent. Disapprove: 6 percentRonald Reagan: Approve: 51 percent. Disapprove: 13 percentJimmy Carter  Approve: 68 percent. Disapprove: 8 percentRichard Nixon  Approve: 59 percent. Disapprove: 5 percentJohn F Kennedy  Approve: 72 percent. Disapprove: 6 percentDwight D. Eisenhower  Approve: 68 percent. Disapprove: 7 percentOuch. If Trump can t even beat out Richard Nixon and George W. Bush (who won a contentious and blistering recount), that says something.Of course Trump s biggest base of support   men, whites and no college education   loved him while all the others   women, people of color and the educated   despise him. Ninety percent of Republicans give him approval while 81 percent of Democrats disapprove. Independents have a slightly more negative view than they do positive (44-40 percent).Knowing that his pre-inaugural numbers and the turnout for the Women s March sent him into a frenzy, these numbers should only exasperate the new authoritarian-in-chief.Featured image via Getty Images",0
2853, Protest Group Puts GIANT Sign On Crane Next To White House; Trump’s Gonna Lose His Mind (IMAGE),"If there s one thing Donald Trump doesn t like, it s not being liked or loved. He seems to want people to only say nice things to him or about him, and only do things that are favorable to him.The moment anyone dare criticize Trump, or write a bit of negative press about him, he flips out, becomes unhinged, and will go on a rant about how horrible those who dare criticize him are. Usually via his medium of choice   Twitter.Well, one group doesn t really seem to give a flying f*ck about what Trump thinks of them and are giving him the ultimate middle finger by placing a protest sign on a crane pretty much next to the White House, and definitely visible from the White House.That group? Greenpeace.Here s the protest sign of the rallying cry  resist  that many protesters are using:So @Greenpeace is hanging this banner from a crane that's visible from the White House pic.twitter.com/3lRgjnKes5  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) January 25, 2017Here s a better view:via TwitterAnd here s a close-up:via TwitterGreenpeace is sending Trump a message that they will not be bullied into submission, and the fact of the matter is, there are many, many people who do not like him whatsoever.Be prepared for a Twitter hissy fit soon about this very sign.Featured image via Twitter",0
2854, Trump Targets Clean Water And Clean Air Regulations At Environmental Protection Agency,"It s official. Donald Trump is literally trying to murder the American people.As humans, we need clean air and clean water to survive as a species. Without them, we would suffocate or die of thirst. Crops and livestock also require clean water and clean air to produce our food supply.This is basic stuff, but Donald Trump doesn t care about the needs of human beings. He only cares about corporate greed and that greed is going to kill millions.Trump has already launched an all-out assault on the Environmental Protection Agency, which works every day fighting for clean water and clean air for the American people.The agency has been ordered to freeze grants and contracts which has halted air and water quality tests.But now Trump is looking to chip away at the bedrock of what the EPA exists to do.According to Vox,Jonathan Swan of Axios got a look at an  agency action  plan that Trump s advisers have written up for the EPA. Among the initiatives they plan to target:  Clean Air Act greenhouse gas regulations for new (NSPS) and existing (ESPS or the  Clean Power  Plan) coal and natural gas power plants   [CAFE] Standards   Clean Water Section 404: Waters of the U.S. Rule (wetlands)   TMDL (Total Maximum Daily Load) for Chesapeake Bay. By attacking the Clean Air and Clean Water Acts, Trump would be sentencing America to a deadly polluted future the likes of which have not been seen since the EPA was created.Americans look at Beijing in horror as China allows the air in that city to be so thick and poisonous that people need to wear gas masks every day if they go outside.Here s an image of New York in 1973 before the EPA aggressively fought for air standards via the National Archives.And here s one of Los Angeles.If Trump has his way, American cities will once again be choked by smog and our air quality with significantly decrease. One wonders if Trump has investments in gas mask companies.Fresh water has also been a worry among millions of Americans over the years as Republicans continue to make decisions that allow companies like Koch Industries to pollute our waterways. Trump s executive order to let the Keystone XL pipeline move forward is a direct threat to the Ogallala Aquifer, which provides water to millions of Americans in the Midwest and is responsible for creating what is now called  America s Breadbasket. The Washington Post reports,In some places the aquifer is buried 1,200 feet deep, but in many places it is at or very close to the surface, often less than five feet below ground That s where concerns about the Keystone XL came in. Its original route traversed 92 miles of the Sand Hills and the Ogallala. TransCanada, which said it would bury the pipeline at least four feet underground, could in many places be putting it in water TransCanada submitted a revised route to the State Department, bypassing the Sand Hills but still passing over some parts of the aquifer.Should a massive oil spill occur, it could seep into the aquifer and poison it. And that would be a disaster even bigger than the lead poisoned water in Flint, Michigan because it would literally affect every American across the country.And these spills can contaminate water for decades. The reason why Flint s water supply was tainted with lead is because Republicans decided to save money by switching the city s water from Lake Huron to the Flint River, which was contaminated by lead decades ago, which is why Flint got it s water from Lake Huron. This is public knowledge, but Republicans ignored that and switched anyway.Trump also wants to expedite oil and gas permits and open up pristine natural lands to fracking and mining, which threatens habitats and our water supply. As we should all know, fracking has already poisoned water supplies in places around the country. Some people can even light their water on fire because of the chemicals fracking companies use. That will increase under Trump.Republicans now control Congress, so they will likely help Trump weaken the Clean Water and Clean Air Acts no matter how much the American people protest.So by letting Trump and the Republicans remain in office we are letting them kill us. Literally.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2855, Scientists Planning A March On Washington To Protest Trump,"Now that the Women s March successfully outnumbered President Trump s pathetic inauguration (which humiliated and enraged him), there s a new group planning a march in the nation s capital: scientists.For years scientists have become the brunt of the GOP s rage over facts and environmentalism. Their echos of  Well, I m not a scientist  was always safeguarded by the intelligence and compassion of President Obama and his commitment to tackling the threat of climate change.Well now those are the days of that past, and we have a president who believes climate change is a  hoax  made up by the Chinese to make competition harder for the United States.And as such, it should come as no surprise that the new Administration is taking authoritarian measures to clamp down on scientists  ability to combat climate change. From blackouts to gag-orders, agencies responsible for scientific research (Agriculture, EPA, Park Services) have seen their life s work sullied by a petulant man-baby and his band of  alternate facts  promoting hooligans.Well, like the women of America, they aren t going to take it.Starting from the poplar sharing website Reddit, two scientists called for a March on Washington similar to the Women s March. In just two days, a Facebook page sprang up, accumulating over 88,000  likes  (and still growing rapidly).Dubbed the  March for Science,  the group hopes to have a protest in D.C. as well as  sister cities  Seattle and Boston, which have currently have plans in the works. A date will be announced in about a week, according to the group.In an email to the Washington Post, one of the chairs of the Facebook group, science writer and public health researcher Caroline Weinberg, wrote:We were inspired (well, infuriated) by the current attacks on science from the new administration. Slashing funding and restricting scientists from communicating their findings (from tax-funded research!) with the public is absurd and cannot be allowed to stand as policy.With a pledge to be welcoming to all (with special emphasis on the minority community), the visionaries for the march have one simple message:  Anyone who believes in empirical science can participate. That s it. That s the only requirement. An inclusive, fact based uprising of intellectuals of all stripes and backgrounds, here to promote the safety and survival of the planet. Now that s what America is all about.Featured image via Flickr",0
2856, Secret Service Agent Risks Everything To Denounce Trump: ‘I Ain’t Taking A Bullet For Him’ (SCREENSHOTS),"Would you die to save the President? What if it was President Trump? A longtime secret service agent recently risked time in prison to promise the world that if she is all that stands between Trump and a bullet, the bullet wins.Kerry O Grady, the special agent in charge of the Secret Service s Denver district, didn t mention Trump directly in her Facebook post, but she didn t have to. Her words make it clear whom she means: As a public servant for nearly 23 years, I struggle to not violate the Hatch Act. So I keep quiet and skirt the median. To do otherwise can be a criminal offense for those in my position. Despite the fact that I am expected to take a bullet for both sides. But this world has changed and I have changed. And I would take jail time over a bullet or an endorsement for what I believe to be disaster to this country and the strong and amazing women and minorities who reside here. Hatch Act be damned. I am with Her. The Hatch Act prohibits executive branch members aside from the President, Vice President, and other selected people, from making partisan statements. The Hatch Act is designed both to protect employees from being forced to support a particular candidate, but it also acts to limit the political activities of executive branch employees.After several days, O Grady removed the post. It was an internal struggle for me but as soon as I put it up, I thought it was not the sentiment that I needed to share because I care very deeply about the mission,  she said. However, she has not stopped posting her thoughts on social media. She also changed her cover photo to images of the Women s March in Denver, writing all of these women represent me! Proud to say it! #nasty  and uploaded a photo of Princess Leia, captioned A woman s place is in the resistance. My government is the most important thing to me,  she says.  I serve at the pleasure of the president, but I still have the First Amendment right to say things. The Secret Service refuses to discuss the situation, but that the posts will be  seriously and swiftly investigated. While some may criticize her for her posts, she probably made the right decision. After all, he is already threatening to march on American cities, isn t he?featured image via screengrab",0
2857, Trump Plans To Issue Executive Order Allowing CIA To Use Torture,"Torture is illegal in this country and the United States is bound by the United Nations and the Geneva Convention to not commit such a war crime.But Donald Trump intends to sign an executive order that would open the door for the CIA to use torture on detainees and reopen secret  black sites  that are used to make people disappear.According to the New York Times, the  sweeping executive order would clear the way for the Central Intelligence Agency to reopen overseas  black site  prisons, like those where it detained and tortured terrorism suspects before former President Obama shut them down. Republicans have been defending the use of torture since it was revealed that former President George W. Bush authorized waterboarding during his presidency. It s a form of torture that simulates drowning. Even Senator John McCain says that waterboarding is torture. He would know. He was tortured in Vietnam while Trump dodged the draft and spent his days womanizing and spending his daddy s money.Most tellingly, conservatives who say waterboarding isn t torture, like Trump propagandist Sean Hannity, cowardly refuse to be waterboarded themselves even though they claim it s not torture.The only thing standing in Trump s way is a 2015 law that Republicans can easily repeal now that banned American officials from torturing detainees.Of course, it really doesn t matter what the law is since Trump will likely ignore it anyway like he ignores everything else such as facts and reality.The United States Constitution expressly forbids the use of cruel and and unusual punishment. Furthermore, torture does not work as an information gathering technique because the victim will say anything to make the torture stop. So if the CIA tortures an innocent person, they would get false information no matter what they do. And such bad information is a threat to the lives of our soldiers in the field and can lead to disastrous decisions by government. This country should not be making decisions based on what a torture victim is telling their torturer.Using torture also opens the door for other nations to use torture against us and we would be no better than the nations that currently do use it.Donald Trump is not making America great. He s an embarrassment who is only weakening this country every single day he is allowed to continue being president. Our power and reputation in the world is becoming a joke that nations like Russia and China are laughing at because our loss is their gain. America is not only losing international prestige and respect, we are being destroyed from within as Trump continues to take a jackhammer to the foundation of this country, which will destroy lives both inside and outside our nation.Resistance to Donald Trump s regime is no longer enough. If we want to save America s soul it will take something more. Because waiting for four years will be too late.Featured image via Wong/Getty Images",0
2858, Trump Takes His Voter Fraud Conspiracy To A TERRIFYING New Level,"Donald Trump has been obsessed with the fact that he lost the popular vote to Hillary Clinton ever since the election results came in. Not satisfied with the Electoral College victory that handed him the White House, Trump has continued to double and triple down on an insane and unsubstantiated conspiracy theory that massive voter fraud is what cost him the popular vote.Well now, with the power of the presidency behind him, Trump has taken a terrifying step: Saying he will open a  major investigation  into the 2016 election. He also seems to be laying the groundwork for even more voter suppression and disenfranchisement of voters who are least likely to vote for him. He tweeted early Wednesday morning of his plans:I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017What makes this even more disturbing is that Trump s Attorney General pick, Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions, has a long and storied history of opposing civil rights, and specifically voting rights. This is just a way for Republicans to sow discord and deny facts, and to help assuage Trump s ego by allowing him to make himself feel better in this new world of  alternative facts,  that White House counsel Kellyanne Conway infamously pushed on Sunday.This is dangerous beyond anything we ever could have imagined. We have a conspiracy theorist as president, who also happens to be a narcissistic madman who cannot accept the truth. Even worse, he has people around him who are defending his antics, and who are perfectly willing to lie to the American people about the most trivial of matters. If they ll lie about this, what else will they lie about?This administration is a threat to our democracy. Regardless of political ideology, it has to be concluded that Trump is undermining the fabric of our republic before our very eyes.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2859, National Park Service Officials HILARIOUSLY Troll Trump Over Silencing Government Agencies (TWEETS),"Trump may be working to silence government agencies like the Department of the Interior, home to the National Park Service, as well as the EPA and the USDA s science and research office, but some government employees are not having it. Operating anonymously, a group of rangers from the National Park Service, with the help of some friends, are running a Twitter account that s going after Trump s efforts to muzzle science.The name on the account is AltUSNatParkService. They ve been around since 2015, but only became well known over the last day or so as Trump worked to remove scientific information from the White House website, and seems to be ordering any agency or department that publishes climate science to shut it.In addition to posting photos from our beautiful national parks, these rangers have also launched a very obvious offensive effort against Herr Trump by being a veritable fount of climate science.These are people who will not be silenced.These are people who will not allow their colleagues to be silenced either.And besides the climate science they re tweeting, they re also taking very pointed digs at Trump. Take a look below:Hello, we are the Alternative National Park Service Twitter Account activated in time of war and censorship to ensure fact-based education. https://t.co/Ez8twyES7p  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017Hi @JettGoldsmith This accnt being run by several active NPS rangers and friends.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017Mr Trump, you may have taken us down officially. But with scientific evidence & the Internet our message will get out.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 24, 2017Respect goes out to our brothers and sisters at the @BadlandsNPS. When they silence you, we will speak for you.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 24, 2017Think about what happened for employees at #BadlandsNationalPark to actually DELETE factual tweets on climate change.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 24, 2017The US president has silenced national parks & environmental agencies from reporting climate change & #BeerCanAppreciationDay is trending!  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017There $ a rea$on WHY Pre$ident Trump want$ u$ $ilenced on #Climate $cience. Don t let US institutions be cen$ored  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017Tonight Trump gagged National Park Services & signed executive order to restart Dakota Access & Keystone XL pipelines. #climate  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017Shoutout to the anonymous crews at .@BadIandsNPS continuing the great work of the original before Trump s (tiny) hand came down.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017The Badlands were created over eons through the gradual erosion of sediment. The erosion of U.S. democracy, however, will be far more rapid.  BadlandsNPS (@BadIandsNPS) January 25, 2017We don t want any trouble. We just want to keep peer-reviewed  factually accurate  climate science flowing out of US institutions.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017Did no one tell President Trump about the Streisand Effect? You silence our colleagues officially, and we will scream when we get home.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017We re fighting for our right to live, to exist.To have peer-reviewed science be published by our institutions. #climate #ResistTrump  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017And should we win the day, the 24th Jan will no longer be known as an American day, but as the day when the world declared in one voice  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017 We will not go quietly into the night!We will not vanish without a fight!We re going to live on!We ll fight climate change denial  pic.twitter.com/HWNhAKmaBz  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017To understand what s best for our parks, we need to have access to US science data on climate & the environment. We must not be silenced.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017Then they explain what has happened:Want some real fact to go with your alt-president? US national parks posted tweets about climate change that were later deleted.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017The National Park Service shut its own Twitter operation briefly on Friday after an apparent clampdown.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017The park service had retweeted photos about turnout at President Donald Trump s inauguration.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017But the accounts were reactivated the next day after an apology for  mistaken  retweets.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017Since then the park service tweets have been about park news and scenery. South Dakota park then posted tweets about climate science data.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017President Trump has called climate change a hoax & the White House deleted the climate change policies on its website on inauguration day.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017A media blackout has also been introduced over our colleagues at the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017Fun fact: The White House is surrounded by NPS land, and during Occupy they supported the protesters despite the mayor s objection.  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017Can t wait for President Trump to call us FAKE NEWS.You can take our official twitter, but you ll never take our free time!  AltUSNatParkService (@AltNatParkSer) January 25, 2017They re also actively supporting a Scientists March on Washington to show this administration that science will not go down without a fight any more than women, people of color, LGBTQ people and anyone else marginalized will.Perhaps the sudden popularity of this account will give employees of other muzzled agencies some ideas for how to keep their information flowing. In the age of social media, it s far more difficult to silence people. Trump is going to have some serious problems here.Featured image by Workman, CC-BY-3.0 via Wikipedia",0
2860, Trump Just Praised Fox News’ Ratings And Attacked CNN Again Then Got CRUSHED By Twitter (TWEETS),"If you haven t yet heard that Fox News came out on top in ratings during Donald Trump s inauguration, all you need to do is check President Asterisk s Twitter timeline. After a rousing first few days of working toward dismantling Obamacare, endangering the health of women and girls worldwide, and signing our environment away for a few short-term construction jobs, The Donald hopped on Twitter to get right back to what appears to be his real job: attacking news agencies that report unflattering details about him. Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings,  Trump tweeted.  They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN   public is smart! Congratulations to @FoxNews for being number one in inauguration ratings. They were many times higher than FAKE NEWS @CNN   public is smart!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017Neilson estimates that 30.6 million people tuned in to watch the trainwreck that was Trump s sparsely-attended inauguration   millions fewer than Barack Obama s first swearing-in (maybe that s why he just threatened to send  the feds  to march on Chicago). Trump is correct that more people watched Fox News than any other individual news station, but he is also correct that the public is smart. What he fails to realize is that the majority of the  smart  public didn t watch Fox.Mediaite reported Monday that during the peak coverage block of 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. EST, Fox News drew 8.77 million viewers. This may seem like a lot, but NBC brought in 5.90 million people, ABC attracted 4.90 million, CBS had about 4.65 million viewers, 2.61 million watched CNN, and 1.38 million tuned in to MSNBC. In other words, the smart people watched different networks than the vapid, meth-addled freaks who enjoyed Trump s victory with the whitest news team on television.Naturally, the Internet wasn t about to tolerate the President* attacking legitimate news agencies:@realDonaldTrump This is beyond sad. Turn off the TV and start running the country.  Parker Molloy (@ParkerMolloy) January 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @CNN Yes, we are smart. We see you for who you are, you orange huckster.  Ben Berkon (@BenBerkon) January 25, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Well you didn't last a week. Back to insulting people again.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 25, 2017@JordanJamie @JordanUhl @realDonaldTrump His Majesty has spoken. pic.twitter.com/KmvwqFhVxX  Wm Bruce Murdock (@Bruce466177) January 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews @CNN Nobody intelligent respects Fox News.  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) January 25, 2017@pourmecoffee a very reliable source tells me Fox News' US ratings are fake and they're actually Kenyan ratings.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 25, 2017Just a reminder of something he wants to forget: the Women s March in D.C. alone drew 750,000 (three million nationwide), many times The Donald s sh*tty inauguration numbers. Public is smart!Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)/screengrab",0
2861, Trump’s Labor Pick Belonged To Group That FORCES Workers To Listen To Right-Wing Lies At Work,"Andrew Puzder, Trump s nominee for Secretary of Labor, hasn t had his confirmation hearing yet, but he ll probably end up getting confirmed despite opposition from pro-worker Democrats and labor groups. That s unfortunate, because he was once a part of a group with a ridiculous name: The Job Creators Network. This group is anything but pro-job creation, as they push all sorts of right-wing, anti-worker propaganda that s been shown to harm the economy and jobs.According to a report in The Nation, JCN pushes employers to pepper their employees with anti-government, pro-big business ideology, and while they don t specifically have their employers hold guns to their workers  heads to force them to pay attention to this stuff, they encourage employers to send out  government policy  emails, stuff paycheck envelopes with flyers, run their videos during team-building meetings and other company exercises, and post notices and infographics around the workplace, where they can easily see it and read it.In other words, this group that Puzder belonged to until just recently works to ensure employees don t have much of a choice but to pay attention to at least some of their stuff.And their stuff is insidious. For instance, their website, informationstation.org, has a film that ominously depicts cartoon workers disappearing into thin air and getting replaced with robots. It talks about how minimum wage hikes in California and New York could kill 700,000 jobs and 500,000 jobs, respectively. It also says that 16.8 million jobs could disappear if we raise the federal minimum wage to $15 per hour.What it doesn t say is that the 16.8 million number is the uppermost number in a range derived by the right-wing American Action Forum, and that the low end is 3.3 million.It certainly doesn t mention anything whatsoever about higher minimum wages having a positive effect on jobs, like what the CEO of Wetzel s Pretzels noticed in California after their minimum wage went up.Watch the spin below:JCN also paints minimum wage earners as less-than deserving of a living wage. An infographic neatly informs workers that over half of minimum wage earners are ages 16-24, that 64 percent of them are part-time workers, that 65.2 percent have never been married, and 27.9 percent have not graduated high school. These statistics are true, but they re using them in very deceptive ways to push an anti-minimum wage message.And that message is quite clear: Minimum wage earners don t deserve a living wage, and since all raising it will do is destroy your job, you should vote for people who don t want to raise the minimum wage.They paint the new overtime rule as a job killer, too. And on and on it goes   all of this is stuff that employees at many companies are forced to watch or read. According to The Nation s report, this propaganda effort has actually effected dramatic changes in the way workers see these issues, which, in turn, affects how they vote.This bullshit is why we have such terrible income inequality. JCN is selling the very myths that have created such a problem with income inequality and stagnant wages, and harms the workers they claim they want to protect. If any of this was going to actually work, it would have worked by now. It s had over 30 years to work.And Puzder belonged to this group until at least December, although JCN claims he never belonged. We re about to have a Secretary of Labor who isn t just in favor of these policies, but appears to have supported forcing workers to view propaganda, and outright lies, for the purpose of brainwashing them so the so-called  job creators  can continue to fatten their wallets, and for the purpose of getting them to vote Republican.Featured image by Jason Kempin via Getty Images for Dream Foundation",0
2862, Trump Just Threatened To ‘Send In The Feds’ To March On Obama’s Hometown (TWEETS),"Holy f*ckballs, it hasn t even been a week since President Asterisk was inaugurated and he s already talking about martial law. Trump s presidency is off to a great start for people who like to sit back and watch the world burn (special shout-out to Jill Stein voters). Trump has taken the first step via executive orders to dismantling Obamacare, begun destroying our environment with two massive pipeline projects, and financially crippled any international health organization that so much as mentions abortion, and all of that is pretty f*cking scary, but a tweet he sent out Tuesday night is downright horrifying. If Chicago doesn t fix the horrible  carnage  going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!  Trump tweeted.If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible ""carnage"" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017There are a couple of problems with this. First off, he got his facts wrong (there have been 37 murders in Chicago so far this year, not 42). Oh, yeah, and he threatened to actually declare martial law in Barack Obama s hometown. Republicans screamed for years that Barack Obama was going to declare martial law, and Trump hasn t been able to go a week without tossing out that sort of threat. Naturally, people aren t happy about this, and the response to Trump s remarkably horrible-even-for-him tweet is not good :@realDonaldTrump Republicans spent the last 8 years saying that Obama was going to declare martial law. Then you say this  Mark Pygas (@MarkPygas) January 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump HOLY SHIT LITERALLY MARTIAL LAW  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) January 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump Spoken like a true fascist.  Mike Elgan (@MikeElgan) January 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump What the fuck are you doing?!?!?!?  BenDavid Grabinski (@bdgrabinski) January 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump so this is the 10th Amendment, we can tweet it to you one line at a time if you'd like https://t.co/2iJNYUp4XH  Alex Leo (@AlexMLeo) January 25, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Chicago youth needs someone to believe in them and support them. Not call them thugs and threaten to call in the guard.  Al x Young  (@AlexYoung) January 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump I would like Fascism and Martial Law for $400, Alex.""  Jeremy Pond (@JeremyPond) January 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump This would be more effective if you yelled it in German while you slammed your fist on the podium.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) January 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump See, things like this are why people are worried about your fascist, demagogue tendencies.  Kelly Scaletta (@KellyScaletta) January 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump Better idea than martial law   improve federal gun control. The guns are coming from states like Indiana. Ask your little buddy.  Jeff Rames (@jefframes) January 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump The ""words"" you ""choose"" to ""put"" quotes ""around"" are ""odd"" as ""fuck."" Eat ""all"" the ""dicks"" please.  Kevin P. (@kevinlpotter) January 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump You'll send in the Feds and do what? Make it 7,228 shootings?  Darren Goble (@DarrensThinking) January 25, 2017@realDonaldTrump Hitler did the same when the Reichtstag building burned in 1933. Martial Law was declared & the rest is history. @maddow https://t.co/WpPvDprekK  markevans (@markevans08) January 25, 2017As it turns out,  the feds  (in this case, the Justice Department) have already been there and have diagnosed the problem with violence in Chicago: police brutality and racism, but Trump and his Republican compatriots typically dismiss such well-research opinions in favor of licking the badges of cops who make the rest look bad.What will happen when Trump  sends in the feds?  Well, we don t need to look past what Hitler did after the Reichstag fire:Using emergency constitutional powers, Adolf Hitler s cabinet had issued a Decree for the Protection of the German People on February 4, 1933. This decree placed constraints on the press and authorized the police to ban political meetings and marches, effectively hindering electoral campaigning. A temporary measure, it was followed by a more dramatic and permanent suspension of civil rights following the February 27 burning of the parliament building.Though the origins of the fire are still unclear, in a propaganda maneuver, the coalition government (Nazis and the German Nationalist People s Party) blamed the Communists. They exploited the Reichstag fire to secure President von Hindenburg s approval for an emergency decree, the Decree for the Protection of the People and the State of February 28. Popularly known as the Reichstag Fire Decree, the regulations suspended the right to assembly, freedom of speech, freedom of the press, and other constitutional protections, including all restraints on police investigations.Justified on the false premise that the Communists were planning an uprising to overthrow the state, the Reichstag Fire Decree permitted the regime to arrest and incarcerate political opponents without specific charge, dissolve political organizations, and to suppress publications. It also gave the central government the authority to overrule state and local laws and overthrow state and local governments.Donald Trump is moving quickly, and we can no longer ignore the threat he poses. Write your legislators right now   seriously, do it right now   and demand that someone (anyone) begin organizing his impeachment immediately. The longer we wait, the more we lose.Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)/screengrab",0
2863, MSNBC Just Fact Checked Trump’s Voter Fraud Lies In Real Time And It Was GLORIOUS (VIDEO),"Although most of America did not want Donald Trump to be the country s next President, many of us were holding on to hope that we might see an improved version of what we witnessed during the former reality TV star s presidential campaign. Unfortunately, Trump and his team are proving to be worse than we thought, and they re only churning out more fear mongering and lies during his first week in office.New White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer has continuously been backing up Trump s voter fraud claims since starting his new position. Trump has been trying to convince America that millions of illegal immigrants voted in the 2016 election, and Spicer has doubled down on those comments recently. Fortunately, the media has been on top of it, obviously frustrated at the lack of transparency from the new President. As Spicer lied his ass off on national television, MSNBC s Katy Tur fact-checked him in real time, and it was pretty amazing. Despite having zero actual evidence that voter fraud occurred, Spicer said: I think there s been studies that came from Pew in 2008 that showed fourteen percent of people who voted were not citizens. There are other studies that have been presented to him. It s a belief he maintains The President does believe that, I think he s stated that before, and stated his concern of voter fraud and people voting illegally during the campaign and continues to maintain that belief based on studies and evidence people have brought to him. Here s what Tur said as she fact-checked Spicer on air: We want to do a little bit of fact checking on that statement because the White House now is referring to the same research that the campaign had referred to, and the transition had referred to. One was a Washington Post commissioned study which the Washington Post itself debunked, and the other one was a Pew study from 2012, which is actually from 2008, which said that approximately 24 million   one in every eight people are on voter registrations in the United States that no longer valid   and they are significantly inaccurate. Listing people who had died in the past, obviously, on the voter rolls. It doesn t mention anything about undocumented immigrants, so their basis of evidence isn t quite correct at all. You can watch that brilliant moment below:Here s @KatyTurNBC with an instant fact-check after Spicer said Trump believes millions voted illegally  based on studies and evidence  pic.twitter.com/Eb10dxtmqd  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) January 24, 2017MSNBC is far from the only network to prove Trump wrong. CNN, the media outlet that Trump has dubbed  fake news,  ran a headline that said, Trump believes millions voted illegally, WH says   but provides no proof .Hopefully, we re going to see more real-time fact checking from the media, because Trump and his team are the most dishonest administration we ve ever seen.Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
2864," Trump Tries To Stick It To Press With Inaugural Photo, TOTALLY Misses One YUGE Problem (IMAGES)","As of Tuesday morning, it seemed that Trump was still obsessed with the size of his inaugural audience. He s so intent on proving that his crowds were enormous big enough to serve as evidence of his total, utter and complete awesomeness that he s planning to post a panoramic photo of the inauguration in the press halls of the White House, and he tweeted it out with a thank-you to the photographer.Ordinarily, that would just be another facepalm-worthy tweet. However, given his fixation on crowd sizes (penis sizes? Maybe both), we can probably safely assume that he s putting these photos in the press halls as a giant  told you so  to the press that so shamefully refused to report the truth about his crowds. Based on that, one would also assume he d want the photo to be as accurate as possible, so as to avoid any potential embarrassment.It didn t work. Here s the photo:Image via TwitterAnd here s the problem: The caption reads  January 21, 2017,  which is the date of the Women s Marches that so enraged him over the weekend:Image via TwitterAs Ms. Kalb points out, he s posting an error in the press halls. Way to stick it to them, Cheetolini.This follows not just the poorly-thought out presser on Saturday, where Sean Spicer scolded the entire White House press corps and left them with their jaws on the floor, but it also follows yesterday s press briefing where Spicer whined that the press isn t focusing enough on Trump s successes and achievements (he s been in office for five days, what successes does he think the press should be reporting on right now?).The man is ridiculous. There are more important things to think about. Trump, however, is obsessed, and the reason it s important to keep pointing this out is because it s evidence of his instability, his willingness to turn lies into truth, and his inability to actually be a real leader.Featured image via Twitter",0
2865, The Netherlands Just TROLLED Trump In His Own Words And It’s Hilariously BRILLIANT (VIDEO),"While Donald Trump likes to go around saying he s only going to put America first, the rest of the world has its own opinion about that.One of the nations speaking out against Trump just absolutely and hilariously satirized him using his own words   or rather, words he s notoriously been known to use with his figures of speech. That nation is The Netherlands.The satire show Zondag Met Lubach, much like our own The Daily Show, put together a fake tourism commercial using a voice that sounded just like Trump s, and using language that he would use, including some policy proposals.Needless to say, they re not huge fans of Trump whatsoever.Dutch comedian Arjen Lubach says, as he introduces the pretend advertisement: He had a clear message to the rest of the world:  I will screw you over big time.  Well okay, he used slightly different words:  From this day forward. It s going to be only America first .And we realize it s better for us to get along [so] we decided to introduce our tiny country to him in a way that will probably appeal to him the most. From there, it was absolutely comic genius.Watch the hilarious video here:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
2866," Trump Just Signed Away Our Environment, And Americans Are Sick Of His Bullsh*t (TWEETS)","Donald Trump betrayed Americans on Tuesday by proving to be exactly as large an environmental threat as was predicted. Trump gloated on Twitter that he was signing authorizations to move forward both with the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines. Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Office,  Trump tweeted Tuesday afternoon. The Washington Post reports:Dealing a blow to former President Barack Obama s legacy on climate change, President Donald Trump signed executive actions Tuesday to advance the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access oil pipelines, a move cheered by congressional Republicans and decried by environmentalists.Trump told reporters at the White House that the actions on the pipelines will be subject to the terms and conditions being negotiated by U.S. officials.Not everyone is happy about Trump s new order.  Americans know this pipeline was unfairly rerouted towards our nation and without our consent. The existing pipeline route risks infringing on our treaty rights, contaminating our water and the water of 17 million Americans downstream,  said Dave Archambault II, chairman of the Standing Rock tribe with whom thousands upon thousands of protesters have joined in opposition to a plan to route the Dakota pipeline under a lake near the tribe s reservation. Such a move, anyone with critical thinking skills realizes, would threaten the area s water supply and sacred Native American sites.The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers agreed late last year to begin an environmental assessment and consider alternative routes, but it is unclear what will happen now that Trump has given his go-ahead. It seems the whole of Twitter also disagrees with the move. Angry Americans lashed out at Trump via his Twitter account:Signing orders to move forward with the construction of the Keystone XL and Dakota Access pipelines in the Oval Office. pic.twitter.com/OErGmbBvYK  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump on the same day you claimed to ""be an environmentalist"" and after months of demonstrations to stop it.Truly shameless.  Isaac Saul (@Ike_Saul) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump THIS is what makes a great president. Destroying the environment, displacing indigenous groups, ruining the water supply  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) January 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Why is everyone in that room white? You know other races and ethnicities exist right?  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump yes, please run the pipeline through the Oval Office.  Sean Hartofilis (@BeachPillows) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump Who knew that the genocidal madman who destroy the sacred land and water supply of Native people would be so orange!? pic.twitter.com/sTToUrq6RF  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) January 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump ""We must get lead out of the drinking water in Flint, and put chemicals in the drinking water everywhere else.""  Dan Wilbur (@DanWilbur) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump If the pipeline went through one of your hotels, would you be cool with it?  Gavin (@GavinWakeUpCall) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump I'm sure everyone's REALLY happy about that!  Kris Sanchez (@KrisSanchez) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump wow! & the voice of the people is ignored .again.  Kyle McMahon (@KMacMusic) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump You are betraying the Native American people and all Americans. How could you, Trump?  Ben Rachinger (@BenSRachinger) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump Well I guess there's a new winner for oiliest part of your administration, you Ballsack.  Bird Peterson (@birdpeterson) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump History will judge your ass-backward dive into fossil fuels harshly, along with all climate change deniers. Shame on you.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump = 28K+ jobs VS millions of citizens getting sick from grossass water. Plus-beware: Native American ghosts don't play! =( xo  Randall (@Randallsanimals) January 24, 2017@realDonaldTrump Clean drinking water has gotten away with being drinkable for far too long.  Tim Duffy (@TimDuffy) January 24, 2017.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Let's have you and all your family move next to that pipeline and see how you feel about it.  Matthew Rodrigues (@RodriguesMatt) January 24, 2017So far, Trump has signed executive orders attacking Americans  healthcare and women s rights, as well as this new one that will act as a  yuge  assault on our environment. At every turn, it is becoming more and more clear that he views you and me as enemies. We must resist Trump at every turn if our country is to survive the next four years.Featured image via Twitter",0
2867," Democrat Forces Trump’s Own Nominee To MOCK Him, Admit Obama’s Inauguration Was Bigger (VIDEO)","Donald Trump is fuming over the size of his little inauguration last weekend. Not only did his inauguration have embarrassingly low attendance numbers when compared to Barack Obama s previous inaugurations, but it was also completely outnumbered by the Women s March, which was a protest AGAINST him!Trump has tried to make his inauguration look less pathetic by having his team spew lies, despite the fact that photographic evidence clearly shows that almost no one went to see him get sworn in as the 45th President of the United States. While Trump continues to soothe his monstrous ego on Twitter, his political opponents are having the time of their lives mocking him   and what Democratic Senator Jeff Merkley just did was the perfect way to troll someone like Trump.At the confirmation hearing for Rep. Mike Mulvaney (R-SC), Trump s pick for director of the Office of Management and Budget, Merkley forced Mulvaney to humiliate Trump in front of everyone by showing side by side photos of Trump s inauguration and Obama s 2009 inauguration. To make things even worse, Merkley asked Mulvaney to publicly state which inauguration crowd was bigger.Faced with the evidence and a room full of peers, Mulvaney was forced to admit what Trump and his team wouldn t: that Obama s inauguration crowd was bigger. Merkley then tied it all together, making sure to state his point in mocking Trump. He said: The reason I m raising this is because budgets often contain varied deceptions. You and I talked in my office about the  magic asterisk.  This is an example of something where the president s team, on something very simple and straightforward, wants to embrace a fantasy rather than a reality. You can watch this beautiful moment below:Later, Merkley made sure Mulvaney got the point by calling on him to give actual budgets instead of the  alternative facts  Trump s team has become well known for.This was absolutely brilliant, and we need more senators calling Trump and his team out for their lies. They need to be held accountable, and this was a great way to do it.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
2868," Just Days In, Trump Administration Ready To Dump Top Staffer","Brand new White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer is off to a rough start. In just a few days, the media has been relentless for calling him out on his never-ending stream of lies, or, as Kellyanne Conway put it,  alternative facts. Publicly, everything seems peachy keen   after all, the boss has been known to fudge a truth or a few thousand. Privately, though, there s word that the Trump White House is already looking to replace its first scapegoat. Not, though, because of the lies. Trump s not a fan of Spicer s performance because of optics:Politico Playbook alum Mike Allen writes,  This West Wing is a tough neighborhood. Even AFTER Sean Spicer s successful get-back-on-the-horse presser yesterday, I m told that a top White House official was discussing his possible replacement. On Day 4! He continues, reporting that Trump himself is displeased with Spicer for reasons completely divorced from his argumentative skills.  Unfortunately for Spicer, Trump is obsessed with his press secretary s performance art. Our Jonathan Swan hears that Trump hasn t been impressed with how Spicer dresses, once asking an aide:  Doesn t the guy own a dark suit? Source: MediaiteTrump s problem with Spicer has nothing to do with the media s calling him out on his lies. If anything, for Trump, Spicer didn t lie enough, and he certainly didn t prop up his new Commander-in-Chief enough:Many critics thought Spicer went too far and compromised his integrity. But in Trump s mind, Spicer s attack on the news media was not forceful enough. The president was also bothered that the spokesman read, at times haltingly, from a printed statement.Trump has been resentful, even furious, at what he views as the media s failure to reflect the magnitude of his achievements, and he feels demoralized that the public s perception of his presidency so far does not necessarily align with his own sense of accomplishment.Source: Washington PostAs for Trump preferring a woman, don t take that as a sign that the glass ceiling will break during Trump s administration. Trump wants a spokesmodel who he can easily manipulate.While Spicer might get better at his job and at predicting his boss  wants, press secretaries don t have a lot of job stability. None have lost their jobs after less than a week though.Featured image by Shawn Thew via Getty Images ",0
2869, ‘No Real Logic’: French Translators Having A VERY Hard Time With Trump’s Limited Vocabulary,"Reality show star turned president Donald Trump has a limited vocabulary. French translators have noticed that, too, and say they are having a tough time translating Trump s speeches into the language of Moli re. Trump is not a great orator, which is something we ve all be subjected to. Words like,  sad!  are used in his tweets as if that s a complete sentence. Trump said  bigly  when he really meant  big league.  Or maybe he didn t mean  big league.  We ll never really know. After Trump gives a speech, his supporters inevitably jump in to explain to the rest of us what he really meant.Translator B reng re Viennot told the LA Review of Books, you have to be able to get into someone s mind  to translate the speaker but  when he (Trump) speaks he seems not to know quite where he s going. He seems to hang onto a word in the question, or to a word that pops into his mind, repeating it over and over again,  said Viennot.  He shapes his thought around it and, sometimes, succeeds in giving part of an answer   often the same answer: namely, that he won the election. Trump seems to go from point A (the question) to point B (himself, most of the time) with no real logic,  she continued.  It s as if he had thematic clouds in his head that he would pick from with no need of a logical thread to link them. Trump s vocabulary is limited, his syntax is broken; he repeats the same phrases over and over, forcing the translator to follow suit,  she said.She continued to say that  reading Trump in French, which is a very structured and logical language, reveals the poor quality of his language and, consequently, of his thought. As the Independent notes, Trump once referred to  swatches of land,  when he really he meant  swathes of land. Bigly swatches of land.Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images.",0
2870, FBI Clears Michael Flynn Of Wrongdoing As Trump Lets Comey Keep His Job,"On Tuesday, it was announced that Donald Trump has elected to keep James Comey (that nice gentleman who helped swing the election in Trump s favor by sending Republicans a letter falsely indicating that a new investigation into Hillary Clinton was being opened just before the election) as FBI Director. That s a move The New York Times notes will  keep Mr. Comey at the center of the F.B.I. s investigation into several Trump associates and their potential ties with the Russian government. Comey demonstrated with his attacks on Hillary that he has absolutely no integrity whatsoever, which makes him exactly the sort of guy Trump would want to keep around. Also on Tuesday, purely by coincidence of course, news broke that Trump s national security adviser was cleared of any wrongdoing in his frantic communications with Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak on the same day President Obama announced sanctions against Russia for their cyberattack on our nation during the election.White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, who also says that Trump had the most heavily-witnessed inauguration in history, and for whom Kellyanne Conway created a new term,  alternative facts,  in an effort to normalize his lies, explained Monday that the two aren t in frequent contact but have spoken recently on a number of issues that were completely innocent, like logistics for a post-inauguration call between Trump and his Russian dictator friend who 17 intelligence agencies say directly interfered with our election on The Donald s behalf.The problem here is that Americans cannot be sure if the presented results are legitimate, as the FBI is headed by someone who went out of his way, breaking precedent and probably the law, to aid Trump in the election with misleading information about Clinton. This same man was just rewarded for his actions when Trump allowed him to keep his job. But Trump also has the power to fire him if he isn t satisfied with the results of any of the numerous investigations into his team.In November, Trump said that Comey  made a mistake  when he announced that Hillary Clinton had committed no crimes and would not be charged, but  brought back his reputation  when he released the letter that gave right-wing propaganda outlets (and Putin s team of propagandists) much-needed ammo just before the election.So now, we as Americans are presented with a dilemma: Do we accept the words of the FBI, knowing that Trump can fire the person in charge of the investigations, when he is someone who has shown a corrupt desire to interfere in important things like elections in the past? Or do we demand a full release of investigatory documents and transcripts just to be sure the truth is being told?Probably better to be safe about this.Featured image by Andrew Harrer via Getty Images ",0
2871, Trump Reportedly Lost His Sh*t When He Realized The Women’s March Was Bigger Than His Inauguration,"Donald Trump threw a petty hissy fit in the White House.Prior to Sean Spicer scolding the media in the White House press room for accurately reporting on the crowd size at the inauguration, Donald Trump apparently threw a massive temper tantrum.According to White House sources who spoke to the Washington Post, Trump became  visibly enraged  after watching some of the Women s March on Washington the day after his inauguration because he realized that the march was way bigger than the meager crowd who showed up to for his swearing-in ceremony. Trump turned on the television to see a jarring juxtaposition   massive demonstrations around the globe protesting his day-old presidency and footage of the sparser crowd at his inauguration, with large patches of white empty space on the Mall,  the Post reported.  As his press secretary, Sean Spicer, was still unpacking boxes in his spacious new West Wing office, Trump grew increasingly and visibly enraged. Trump was adamant, aides said. Over the objections of his aides and advisers   who urged him to focus on policy and the broader goals of his presidency   the new president issued a decree: He wanted a fiery public response, and he wanted it to come from his press secretary.So now we know why Trump lied his ass off during a visit to CIA Headquarters about his inauguration crowd size and why Trump mouthpiece Sean Spicer was sent out to whine about press coverage of the inauguration.Trump completely lost his shit because he watched television expecting to hear nothing but nice things being said about him and instead heard the news that the Women s March was more popular.Seriously.It didn t even take a day for Trump to overtake George W. Bush as America s most embarrassing president. And considering Trump s agenda, it won t take him long to become the nation s most disastrous president either.Featured Image: Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
2872, Texas Republican Introduces Bill To Put Women In Prison For Having An Abortion,"Women in Texas may have to literally fight for their freedom and their lives to make sure this Republican lawmaker doesn t get his way.During the presidential campaign in 2016, Donald Trump actually mentioned jail and stated that women should receive  some form of punishment  for having an abortion.Well, Texas GOP Rep. Tony Tinderholt has introduced House Bill 948, which would punish any woman for having an abortion with prison time. The legislation contains ZERO exceptions for rape victims, victims of incest, and women who have to have an abortion to save their lives.During an interview with the Texas Observer, Tinderholt claimed that women use abortion as a form of birth control and that they are not  personally responsible  when they choose to have sex. Right now, it s real easy,  Tinderholt said.  Right now, they don t make it important to be personally responsible because they know that they have a backup of  oh, I can just go get an abortion.  Now, we both know that consenting adults don t always think smartly sometimes. But consenting adults need to also consider the repercussions of the sexual relationship that they re gonna have, which is a child. Tinderholt went on to interject his religious beliefs as one of his reasons for writing the legislation, stating that women should be forced to carry pregnancies to term because he s  a firm believer that God creates children in his own image, regardless of how that child is brought into the world, it s created in his image, and how can someone want to destroy that? The conservative lawmaker hopes to ban abortion by threatening women with the punishment of prison.Make no mistake, this is the most dangerous and extreme piece of anti-abortion legislation that has been filed across the nation and it would literally punish women for making decisions about their own reproductive health. The punishment could even extend to women who take birth control pills since many conservatives believe that contraceptives are a form of abortion, even though such medication prevents conception in the first place. It also could punish women who have natural miscarriages. The fact that Republicans even want to jail rape victims for refusing to carry their rapist s baby is also monstrous.And now we know why Tony Tinderholt has been divorced four times. Clearly, the women in his life can t stand him.Featured Image: Woman Survival",0
2873, Restaurant Owner Calls Black Customer ‘N*****’ Then Throws Him Out Because ‘Trump Is President Now’,"A Pennsylvania restaurant owner is under fire after he allegedly told a black customer that Donald Trump s election gives him the right to kick  n*ggers  out of his establishment. Rickey Lee Bugg Jr., a player on the Lebanon Valley College men s basketball team says he went to Just Wing It in Annville early Sunday morning.Shortly after ordering and paying, he had a rather unforgettable encounter with the owner. Bugg s sister posted about the incident on Facebook, explaining that the owner came out of the back and told him and some friends with whom he planned to eat to leave, informing them that  I own three restaurants and I don t need you n*ggers  money. Bugg asked the waitress for his money back and she agreed. After he got his money back, the owner decided to share more of his wisdom with Bugg: Trump s president now so I can say what I want. You ni*gers need to get out. According to Bugg s sister, the waitress was chiming in, telling the men,d  you guys can t eat here, you need to go.  Bugg admits that at this point, he flipped some chairs on his way out the door. I flipped a few chairs,  Bugg told PennLive, adding he yelled at the owner,  That s not the way to treat people.  He said the manager told him that now Donald Trump is president,  I can say what I want. He left and got some friends for support and returned to confront the racist store owner, but found that the police had been called. Unfortunately for the Trump fan, police were on Bugg s side. According to Bugg, police  reassured  him that the manager is  known for doing stuff like this. A quick search on Facebook reveals that the owner, Chris Behney, has quite a reputation: Others stopped by the comment section of PennLive to share their experiences and information:  An investigation into the incident is ongoing, but in a world where Trump supporters start a national incident because they thought Starbucks  delay in making their coffee was discrimination because the barista magically knew they were conservatives or think they shouldn t have to pay for a reusable bag because Trump won (and dissolve into a rage-filled racist rant), it s not exactly outside the realm of probability that the incident unfolded just as Bugg says.Featured image via Getty Images (Win McNamera)/screengrab",0
2874, You Can’t Make This Sh*t Up: Kellyanne Conway Punched A Dude At Inaugural Ball (SCREENSHOTS),"Remember that time Sarah Palin and pretty much her entire family got into a drunken brawl at a snowmobile company owner s birthday party? Well, she s not the only vapid right-wing lady who can throw a punch at random people at a party. Fox Business Network correspondent Charles Gasparino wrote on Facebook Monday that he personally witnessed something, well, something pretty hilarious at a private inaugural ball.Gasparino says he was hanging out with Scott Baio when the two were  accosted  by  anarchist thugs.  According to Gasparino, one of the  anarchists  moved toward them and he assaulted the man, shoving him. After Gasparino shoved him, the man allegedly told the pair touch me again u little prick and I ll smack u    you know, because most people don t appreciate being randomly shoved. It is unclear if it was said with the same terrible spelling. Gasparino says he told the man to  GFY  when his producer intervened and  crisis was averted. It is unclear if Gasparino realizes he admitted to assaulting a guy simply for moving in his direction (allegedly), but what he says next is far more interesting:Part two was even more insane: inside the ball we see a fight between two guys in tuxes and then suddenly out of nowhere came trump adviser Kellyanne Conway who began throwing some mean punches at one of the guys. Whole thing lasted a few mins no one was hurt except maybe the dude she smacked. Now I know why trump hired her. Btw I exaggerate none of this-cgLet s get this straight: Conway lost control of her own people, whom she could not keep from duking it out at a major political event celebrating her boss s big win, then decided to join in the fray and just beat the living hell out of one of them.Hell of a team Trump s building, huh?You can read the full post below:Featured image via Getty Images (Mark Wilson)",0
2875, WATCH Trump Absolutely CRUSH His Wife In Viral Video Clip From Inauguration,"Many people have long suspected that Trump is abusive, if for no other reason than he s outwardly abusive to so many people. His Twitter feed alone is rife with abuse. He seems to take pleasure in hurting people, and that appears to include his family, because abusers abuse everyone in one form or another.During his inauguration, as he stood facing Melania, he apparently said something extremely hurtful to her. She s smiling and, if you look at his cheeks, he seems to be smiling too, and then suddenly, his smile disappears and he turns pointedly away from her. You can see from the change in her expression that whatever he said just crushed her.Watch below:Wouldn t he want the world to see how happy the two of them are, even if it is a fa ade? What could she have possibly done to warrant this, anyway? Say she really did do something worthy of rebuke   he could have, and should have, waited until they were alone to say something to her. The way he did it wasn t just crushing to her, it was probably also humiliating for her.That wasn t the only time he was demeaning, either. When he greeted the Obamas prior to his inauguration, he left her behind in the car, and then left her behind again to walk into the White House. It was President Obama and Michelle who actually escorted Melania inside.But that s where Trump gets satisfaction   in shaming and humiliating people as much as possible for even the slightest transgressions. Typical emotionally abusive behavior. Some may say she knew what she was getting into when she got involved with him, but that s victim-blaming, and it comes from those who don t get it.It s extremely unlikely Melania deserved whatever he said to her, or his self-satisfied, deliberately supercilious manner when he turned his back on her.Featured image by Kevin Dietsch via Getty Images",0
2876, Trump HUMILIATED By Presidential Historian’s Devastating Evaluation Of His First Days,"Trump s first few days in the White House have been tumultuous, and not just because he s so upset about his inauguration numbers being less-than record-setting that he had his press secretary flat-out lie about them. His aides have revealed that his thin skin is making things difficult, and because of that, presidential historian Douglas Brinkley has weighed in with something rather embarrassing for a man obsessed with numbers and image: [H]e can never let go and stop watching cable TV. Now he s off to the worst start of a presidency in a very long time.  [emphasis mine]The worst. In a very long time. Those are words Trump won t want to hear, seeing as how he thinks he is the best and has the best of absolutely everything. An expert calling him the worst at anything just burns.Brinkley believes Trump had a successful inauguration despite his numbers being lower than expected, and he should have built on that. However, given that he s so quick to anger when someone anyone makes him look bad to the world, he fixates on that instead of real issues and real work, and it s causing huge problems. Sources within the White House revealed that his aides have to control what information he s exposed to: One person who frequently talks to Trump said aides have to push back privately against his worst impulses in the White House, like the news conference idea, and have to control information that may infuriate him. He gets bored and likes to watch TV, this person said, so it is important to minimize that. Really? We have someone in our nation s highest office who gets bored easily and so he watches TV to, what, look for reports about how great he is? And then TV doesn t deliver, which pisses him off, and he goes off on tangents and people get frustrated. Even members of the GOP are floored by his behavior, like the news conference about his inaugural audience: It s surreal. We finally have the White House, and it s this. Yes, it s quite surreal that we have a narcissistic toddler in the White House.The Washington Post s Ashley Parker, Philip Rucker and Matea Gold said that, when he came back from his final inaugural event on Saturday, he turned on the TV, saw the Women s Marches, saw them protesting his presidency, and worst of all, saw that the protesting crowds appeared bigger than his own audience. So he got increasingly pissed off, and, seemingly on a whim, had Spicer give that press conference that was one lie after another, and culminated in Kellyanne Conway s  alternate facts  bullshit.And then Trump was unhappy with Spicer s  visuals    meaning he didn t like how Spicer appeared nervous, flubbed some of his words, wore a badly-fitting suit, and was apparently not forceful enough with the  lying press. Besides that, there are all the power struggles plaguing Trump s administration that are very reminiscent of the power struggles that plagued his campaign. Some are upset with his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, trying to shove anyone he sees as a threat to his position as a close adviser aside. Aides are unhappy that Kellyanne Conway can do what she wants, when she wants, because she s outside the official communications department. And the list goes on.The word  worst  is not in Trump s vocabulary when he s talking about himself. Brinkley, however, knows what s what and is apparently not afraid to say it.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
2877, Trump Legally Declares His Inauguration A Historic Day,"Donald Trump is apparently so upset about his inauguration s turnout, and the negative press attention afterward, that he s literally used his power as president to declare it a historic day   four days after it happened.Using the power of the executive order, Donald Trump has arrogantly designated January 20, 2017 as the  National Day of Patriotic Devotion. No, this isn t a joke. This is reality. And no, this isn t North Korea, this is the United States of America.The order reads (in part):Now, therefore, I Donald J. Trump, President of the United States of America, by virtue of the authority vested in me by the Constitution and the laws of the United States, do hereby proclaim January 20, 2017, as National Day of Patriotic Devotion, in order to strengthen our bonds to each other and to our country   and to renew the duties of government to the people.While millions of women march for equality, the White House Press Secretary lies to the American people, and the unavoidable conflicts of interests and Russian secrets sow doubt in American minds, Trump decides to make his  special day  a national holiday  for the people. This is what American politics has come to.I m young enough to remember when Republicans thought President Obama was arrogant and narcissistic for putting arugula on his hamburger.But Trump wants to proclaim a day all for himself and his glory (after losing the popular vote by 3 million)? Not a peep from the right.Imagine the outcry from the Republicans and Fox News if President Obama had even referred to his inauguration day as such   to say nothing of what they d do if he d ordered it.Remembering that Trump did indeed lose the popular vote by 3 million, it would seem inappropriate to declare his inauguration a national day of  devotion. No one devoted themselves to Trump. No one devoted themselves to Mike Pence. And no one devoted themselves to the government. Want to know why? The government devotes itself to the people, not vice versa.Trump has turned the office of the presidency into a spectacle showboat of admiration for himself. Woe to all the pundits and those in the media who promised and hoped for a pivot. And an even bigger woe to all those who voted for him thinking the same thing.Move over Kim Jong-Un, there s a new  Dear Leader  amongst us.Featured image by Andrew Harrer via Getty Images",0
2878, People Are Going To LOSE IT When They Discover What Trump Is Doing With DAPL,"This should come as a surprise to no one ever because alleged president Donald Trump has a seedy financial interest in the Dakota Access Access Pipeline. Energy Transfers Partners, the very company that is the pipeline, donated $100,000 to a Trump Victory Fund before the election in the hopes that he d greenlight it, Mother Jones reported.In fact, according to disclosure forms at the time, Trump had as much as $300,000 personally invested in the project.As it happens, our alleged president will likely overturn a permit denial that prohibited the construction of the Dakota Access Pipeline (DAPL), which was the focus of months of massive protests by Native Americans and others who took part in the demonstrations, the Independent reports. I m not going to get in front of the President s executive actions,  Spicer said,  but I will tell you that areas like the Dakota and Keystone pipeline are areas that we can increase jobs, increase economic growth, and tap into America s energy supply. That s something that he s been very clear about. Without elaborating, Press Secretary Sean Spicer did not provide specifics about the newly minted president s plans regarding continuing construction of the DAPL and the Keystone XL Pipeline. However, Spicer did suggest that the new administration would move forward with the project.Trump s plan to go forward with the Dakota Access Pipeline isn t going down well on social media.Spicer won t  get in front  of Trump on Keystone or #DAPL, but people will sure as hell get in front of Keystone & #DAPL to stop them.  Travis Nichols (@travisjnichols) January 23, 2017The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers announced this past December that it would not grant the final permit that was needed for the controversial Dakota Access Pipeline to be completed. It additionally stated that it would conduct an environmental impact review before continuing any part of the process.Get this: Trump is not behind the Standing Rock Tribe, and that is most likely because he has a financial interest in the pipeline. Release your taxes, Mr. Alleged President.Photo by Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
2879, WATCH: Bill O’Reilly Just Said The Women’s Marches Were Just Like Totalitarian Regimes,"Bill O Reilly can always be trusted to be a total ass, especially when it comes to anything that runs counter to his myopic worldview. The Women s Marches, which took place all over the world and included three million women here at home, seem to be his latest target. In a conversation with Charles Krauthammer, O Reilly went completely off the rails and actually compared the marches to totalitarianism.As Krauthammer talked about the real people who showed up to the Women s March on Washington, he obviously touched a nerve with O Reilly, who thinks women don t do anything unless they re told to: Don t you feel they showed up because they were told to show up? If you look at the totalitarian governments in the 20th century- Krauthammer, despite having his own bizarre view of the marches, seemed incredulous. He tried to interrupt with,  You re told to show up? Who tells anybody to show up in this country? It s important to note that Krauthammer is not exactly the most liberal of pundits, yet O Reilly really floored him with this. Krauthammer did bring up a good point: When people do what they re told, it s because there will be negative consequences if they don t. O Reilly decided to try and explain what the consequences are, and he fell flat on his face: Well, they have to go   they don t have to go through a negative, they have to go to be with her brothers and sisters, and to show their solidarity and that they are good people and fight the fascist racists. I mean, it s a whip up, and if you study history, all the totalitarian regimes were fueled by whip-ups, okay? Really? It s not possible that anybody went because they had something to say? Nobody went because they were told to or because they were afraid of bad things should they not go. Women went because they had something to say.And if anybody s totalitarian here, it s the massive Cheeto living in the White House now. O Reilly is being just as stupid as ever with this and Krauthammer can t really believe it. Watch below:Featured image via screen capture",0
2880," Obama And THREE Other Presidents Dwarf Trump’s Inaugural Audience, And These Numbers PROVE It","Trump and his minions act like they re dead certain his inaugural numbers broke records, and that the press is lying about it via deceptively edited photos and numbers that can t possibly exist. Sean Spicer claimed that Trump s inaugural audience was the biggest in history, period, while Trump himself said he could see maybe 1.5 million people out there. Then Spicer tried to spin it to sound like he was talking about all viewers   the live crowds, television audience, and people who streamed it online.Oh, well, when you put it that way, we suppose it s possible Trump s inauguration was the most-watched in history.Or is it?It s not.The actual numbers don t support any version of their insistence that Trump s numbers broke records. The Washington Post did an analysis of inaugural numbers, past and present, and found that Trump doesn t even rank in the top three.In fact, he s in fifth place in modern history when you count the television audience. He s behind Obama in 2009, Nixon in 1973, Carter in 1977 and Reagan in 1981. In fact, Reagan s  81 inauguration at 41.8 million is where the record is, and where it will remain. Trump s 33.5 million total misses that by a hefty factor:Chart via the Washington PostAmazingly enough, Spicer does have one fairly accurate number   the 16.9 million people who he says streamed the inauguration. He s using it in a very deceptive way, though. That number is how many started streaming, but then switched to something else or turned it off entirely. The number of people who started streaming and stayed put was just 2.3 million at the time Trump took his oath of office.He s still behind Reagan and Obama, and also behind Carter s 34.1 million.And he misses Obama s numbers by a whopping 6 million. Obama had over 30 million presumable streaming starts for his inauguration that year. Even if all 30 million turned it off (they didn t), Obama still comes out ahead.The Post report also mentions that Trump s audience is older than Obama s audience was, so it s not nearly as likely that more of his remote viewers streamed it online rather than watched it on TV.It doesn t matter how you slice it; Trump s numbers were nothing special.Featured image by Kevin Dietsch via Getty Images",0
2881, Trump Escalates Confrontation With China In Move That Could Spark A Massive War,"Donald Trump is moving the United States closer to a war with China over some tiny islands.The relationship between the United States has been cordial and peaceful for decades now, but Trump plans to change all that. For someone who claims that our military is depleted, Trump sure has no problem putting our country on the brink of war.China is currently making claims to islands in the South China Sea, which is an international body of water. The matter could probably be settled through diplomacy, but Trump has chosen to bully China instead. And he is inviting a catastrophic war in the process.According to Reuters,The comments at a briefing from White House spokesman Sean Spicer signaled a sharp departure from years of cautious U.S. handling of China s assertive pursuit of territory claims in Asia, just days after Trump took office on Friday. The U.S. is going to make sure that we protect our interests there,  Spicer said when asked if Trump agreed with comments by his Secretary of State nominee, Rex Tillerson, on Jan. 11 that China should not be allowed access to islands it has built in the contested South China Sea. It s a question of if those islands are in fact in international waters and not part of China proper, then yeah, we re going to make sure that we defend international territories from being taken over by one country,  he said.Tillerson s remarks at his Senate confirmation hearing prompted Chinese state media to say the United States would need to  wage war  to bar China s access to the islands where it has built military-length air strips and installed weapons systems.The strong language suggests Trump is considering military action or a naval blockade to keep the islands out of Chinese hands, but even Chinese state media has warned that such action would lead to war between the two nations.And that would be a catastrophe. Not only would this be a war between two nuclear powers, it would be a war between the two largest economies in the world, which means a war between China and the United States would have serious global ramifications.But war is apparently what Trump is thinking about as he has repeatedly treated China with antagonism since before Election Day.And Americans should not expect our allies to help us either. If Trump starts a war with China, America would be on its own. Our troops would be fighting and dying because of Trump s fragile ego. The deficit and the national debt would also skyrocket, especially since Trump has promised Corporate America that he will cut their taxes in half, which would deprive the government of revenues to keep our military strong. That means Trump will get the revenues from the middle class and the poor.China s military and navy are improving rapidly, and they are the most populous nation on Earth. That means Trump would have a reinstate the military draft he himself dodged during the Vietnam War to get enough soldiers to put on the front lines. Even thinking about a military confrontation is insane.The longer Trump is allowed to remain in office, the more dangerous he becomes. This country is now on a path to a war that will cripple our nation and Trump doesn t give a damn because he thinks it makes him look tough. In reality, it just makes him look like an idiot.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
2882, Sean Spicer Just Gave ‘Alternative Facts’ About Women’s March And Got OBLITERATED (TWEETS),"Is there any level to which Trump s press secretary, Sean Spicer, will not sink on behalf of his lying boss? It seems not. In another press conference today, he addressed the sheer size and scope of the Women s Marches, which took place all over the world, and said that they weren t protesting against Trump: A lot of these people were there to protest an issue of concern to them and not against anything. Yeah, sure, alternative facts aren t facts and people aren t buying the alternative facts that Spicer and Trump have to sell. The Women s Marches were absolutely about Trump, his election, and his misogyny   women were sending him a message that we will not tolerate any efforts to step up oppression of us.That s reflected in the way Twitter responded to Spicer:@seanspicer I travelled 1200 miles to DC from Nebraska for the Women s March, and every marcher I spoke to along the way was anti-trump.  Jane Cox (@mrs_toad) January 23, 2017@seanspicer @PressSec I attended the Women s March on D.C. And I protested trump. #notmypresident #womensmarch #TheResistance  SphynxCatsRule (@SphynxCatsRule) January 23, 2017Sean Spicer insults his boss by claiming that Women s March was not against anything. Trump is something. #alternativefacts #whyimarch  Alternate Fact (@alternate_fact) January 23, 2017White House spokesman Sean Spicer says women s march wasn t necessarily against Trump. Anybody have any alternative facts? #WomensMarch pic.twitter.com/ilBpZc384g  David Urhausen (@DavidUrhausen) January 23, 2017@TPM @seanspicer Some of the things the Women s March was  against : Sexism, Racism, Homophobia, Xenophobia, Oligarchy, Dishonesty, Treason  Joel Kleinman (@jm_kleinman) January 23, 2017Despite what Sean Spicer said about the Women s March not being about marching against anything, how about this? #Philadelphia proud. pic.twitter.com/EjtfY4EbTY  Debra Isaacs Schafer (@EdNavigation) January 23, 2017@seanspicer just so you know   the Women s March was definately directed at Pres Trump (and Pence) and his hate and policies. #whyIMarch  Nancy Pickering (@npboiler) January 23, 2017The Women s March Exemplified Democracy, Unlike Sean Spicer s Briefing  cabaum (@zendisy) January 23, 2017@seanspicer My husband & I were at the Hartford CT women s march Sat & were most definitely protesting AGAINST @realDonaldTrump.  Suz (@suz_o_rama) January 23, 2017@kerryeleveld @seanspicer You can bet we were at the Women s March in Seattle to protest against @realDonaldTrump  SteveCSttl (@SteveCSttl) January 23, 2017Hey @seanspicer I just want to clear up confusion I was 100% protesting AGAINST @realDonaldTrump at the women s march  Jo (@jswensepublic) January 23, 2017@seanspicer @thehill @HuffPostPol @politico @CNNPolitics nice try Sean but were more people in the women s march than at the inauguration!  voteyourinterest (@VoteYourInteres) January 23, 2017He also said that the Women s march was not a mandate #alternativefacts  Sean Spicer  be informed (@beinformedone) January 23, 2017The first true statement Sean Spicer made was saying the Women s March hurt the Presidents fragile ego. Awesome keep it going.  Paul Matli (@PaulMatli23) January 23, 2017Hey @seanspicer, hell yes I was at Women s March DC protesting @realdonaldtrump. https://t.co/rOQpbMjMSG  Call me Cordelia (@annecordelia79) January 23, 2017@kerryeleveld @seanspicer @dailykos @realDonaldTrump I was at the Women s March in DC and I was PROTESTING TRUMP #WomensMarch #ResistTrump  LarryPerson (@LarryPerson) January 23, 2017.@seanspicer said the Women s March was about various issues, not necessarily  against anything. This was 1.5 blocks from the White House pic.twitter.com/APiiXEQHFE  George Zornick (@gzornick) January 23, 2017Recurring chant at the Boston Women s March:  Hey ho, hey ho, Donald Trump has got to go @seanspicer  NorahBrink (@nbrink77) January 23, 2017OH PLEASE SEAN SPICER DO MANSPLAIN THE WOMEN S MARCH TO US  ((( Rachel Sklar ))) (@rachelsklar) January 23, 2017Or if you ve attended the Sean Spicer school of maths, about 11 people participated in the Women s March. https://t.co/ktasdGSUGz  Patrick Swagger (@TheSwagger) January 23, 2017@seanspicer   Facts are facts.  Alternative facts  are lies. The Women s March was against Trump-and that s a fact.  Arlene Fischhoff (@kabfmd) January 23, 2017In other words, Spicer ought to give it up. It s absurd that people have to take to Twitter to correct the White House press secretary on the lies he tells on behalf of his witless wonder of a lying boss.Sir Ian McKellan, who participated in the Women s March in London, picked up a sign near Trafalgar Square that perfectly epitomizes how we re all reacting to Spicer and Trump:When is someone going to attend a presser with rotten tomatoes to throw at Spicer?Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
2883, GOP Lawmaker Deactivates Twitter Account After Highly Offensive Retweet About Women’s March,"A Nebraska State Senator was busted previously for having cybersex on a work computer and now he s in hot water again for a retweet suggesting that protestors at a women s march weren t attractive enough to be sexually assaulted. Sen. Bill Kintner (R) deactivated his account but because the Internet is forever, here s an image of the retweet:That retweet was unleashed on Sunday and by Monday morning, his office telephone was ringing off the hook, according to Omaha.com, and his voicemail was full. On Twitter, a #BillKintner hashtag was created.#BillKintner used a government issued laptop for cyber sex and now endorses a tasteless tweet. Please call his office: (402) 471-2613 pic.twitter.com/aLQqxIgbvt  Caleb George (@CalebGeorgeous) January 23, 2017Kintner should have learned from the Women s Marches across America that it s not a good idea to piss of millions of women.What rape culture? What war on women?FUCK YOU, #BillKintner. https://t.co/9XlGUvxZwJ  Stephanie Evans (@StephEvz43) January 23, 2017Nebraska senator #BillKintner deleted Twitter account but can reach him through his published office info. https://t.co/R88iU5MgDi pic.twitter.com/8YX5BWnwP8  Denise Sakaki (@JauntyMagpie) January 23, 2017? Repub men are going apoplectic right now in rxn to the #WomensMarch e.g. #BillKintner They re like  FUCK MY CAREER. MUST RETALIATE.  NebraskaFeminists (@NebFeminists) January 23, 2017YOU MAY HAVE DELETED YOUR ACCOUNT, @BillKintner, BUT I GOT YOUR DIGITSThey re 4024712613 if anyone is curious pic.twitter.com/ueKU6Z73zU  Rebekah Strotman (@strotwoman) January 23, 2017Kintner ran from the Internet but he released a statement saying his message was  misconstrued. A statement from Sen. @BillKintner. #neleg pic.twitter.com/AuA5B3qWhx  Zach Pluhacek (@zachami) January 23, 2017But before he released the statement, when questioned by reporters, he told them to  go do research.  We re not sure what could possibly be misconstrued here. He retweeted a meme along with the words,  Ladies, I think you re safe  by talk show host Larry Elder. The three women in the photo were holding signs reading  Not this pussy  and  Not mine either  in reference to the leaked tape of Trump in which he admits to sexual assaulting women.We didn t realize the protest was a beauty pageant. Something about Kintner s message makes me think of glass houses. He s not exactly hot.Omaha.com reports:Sen. Bob Krist of Omaha said Monday it s time for the Legislature to address whether to censure, expel or impeach Kintner for the cybersex incident so that the body can move on to debating bills. There s a time to be a statesman and there s time to do the state s business, no matter what it takes,  he said.After the Legislature adjourned for the day, Krist said he will likely propose a sanction against his colleague, perhaps as early as this week.Krist is a Republican.And yet, somehow the man who bragged about grabbing women by their genitals was elected president.Image via Facebook. ",0
2884, Trump Gets Revenge On Women’s March By Signing Executive Order That Will Kill A Bunch Of Women And Girls,"How mad is Trump that millions of women made him look like a fool? Mad enough to kill, apparently. While he can t order the executions of American women for defying him yet President Pussygrabber did the next best thing. He signed an executive order that will lead to the deaths of multitudes of women and girls worldwide.On Monday, The Donald continued the path of destruction he began with his first executive order attacking Obamacare by unleashing an assault on the women and girls of the world. One of Trump s growing number of executive orders reinstates the  global gag rule,  which blocks federal funding for international, nongovernmental organizations that provide or  promote  abortions.In short, if your organization were to partner with Planned Parenthood to inform girls and women across the globe about reproductive health like, say, the Clinton Foundation, people like Trump could argue that you are  promoting  abortion by mentioning it as a medically legitimate option.The policy was originally developed by President Ronald Reagan in 1984. Ever since then, Presidents who care about human rights like Obama and Clinton have been rescinding it. Republicans, however, being part of a party that combats women s rights at every turn, typically reinstate it.How harmful is it? Mother Jones reports:According to the Center for Reproductive Rights, women in poor countries suffer the most from this policy. A 2003 analysis found that the rule leads to unsafe abortions, which are the second-leading cause of death for women of reproductive age in Ethiopia and account for more than 40 percent of the maternal mortality rate in Kenya. Peru has one of the highest maternal mortality rates in Latin America, in part because of its high rate of clandestine abortions.The United States currently spends about $600 million annually on family planning and reproductive health programs in foreign countries. The Guttmacher Institute, a think tank that studies reproductive health care, estimates that a loss of this funding would translate to 38,000 more abortions. Marie Stopes International, one of USAID s biggest family planning partners, estimates that the global gag rule will lead to an additional 2.2 million abortions worldwide.Trump s order comes on the anniversary of Roe v. Wade and directly follows a nationwide three-million women march against Trump and his hate. This didn t go unnoticed in Trump s homeland of Twitterville:1/21: 2.5 million women march.1/22: 44th anniversary of Roe v. Wade1/23: Trump starts rolling back women's rightshttps://t.co/mqQwVonBQQ  Kate Black (@KateBlackDC) January 23, 2017Trump this weekend: 'Didn't see the point' for this Women's MarchTrump today: Reinstates Global Gag Rule, hurting women worldwide  Matt McDermott (@mattmfm) January 23, 2017This is the vindictive asshole's idea of punishment for the women's march, I presume  https://t.co/4830aPJIuB  Dina/Alex  (@SkulldelaCreme) January 23, 2017two days after the women's march and trump already reinstates the global gag rule .  Paige Calian (@paigecalz) January 23, 2017This is why we march Trump just reinstated the global gag rule on abortion and family planning. https://t.co/v7YLBOS32G via @voxdotcom  Daveon Coleman (@DaveonMarjan) January 23, 2017I'd bet my life that this is 100 percent retaliation for the Womens March https://t.co/yin1QVEveM#WomensMarch  George D. (@xdelmar59) January 23, 2017Trump reinstates the gag rule = ""revenge"" on the women's march. I think it is clearer than ever that his first impulse is revenge.  Gwendolyn Ann Smith (@gwenners) January 23, 2017millions of women around the world march in part for reproductive rights and two days later trump reinstates the global gag rule  nasty woman (@kaarahoffmaan) January 23, 2017It's pretty clear that Trump reinstating the Global Gag Rule is directly in reaction to the Women's March that took place around the world.  Sepie (@sepiemoini) January 23, 2017Was this retaliation? Well,  many people are saying including a former British spy that Trump once paid some nice Russian ladies to pee on a bed for him because Obama had slept there at one point. Past that, he has displayed an almost impressive level of vindictiveness in all of his dealings, ever. Unfortunately, this is exactly the sort of thing we can expect from a small-minded, thin-skinned, bigoted bully who was handed too much power by a minority of the population and over the protests of more people than he was able to attract to his inauguration.Be sure to spend every day telling him to go fuck himself. It s the only way we re going to get through this.Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images/screengrab",0
2885, Inaugural Cake Baker Brilliantly Schools Anti-Gay Bakers In How Protest Is Done,"Around the time same sex marriage was making headlines, a handful of cake bakers across the country threw temper tantrums and refused to bake wedding cakes for anyone who didn t pass their rigid moral test (i.e., wasn t marrying someone of the opposite sex). While these cake bakers claimed it was their First Amendment right to refuse service, the Supreme Court said it wasn t.What a difference a couple of years makes. Today, we have a new president and bigotry is now cool. One cake baker, though, was asked to bake Donald Trump s inaugural cake. They did it, but they donated the profits to a charity Trump would hate, the Human Rights Campaign.The whole situation is weird to begin with. Trump wanted an exact duplicate of the cake that celebrity chef Duff Goldman baked for the 2013 inauguration.The cake on the left is the one I made for President Obama s inauguration 4 years ago. The one on the right is Trumps. I didn t make it. ? pic.twitter.com/qJXpCfPhii  Duff Goldman (@Duff_Goldman) January 21, 2017Trump s people went to the Buttercream Bakeshop in Washington, D.C. to have the cake recreated. They were happy to duplicate Goldman s work, with full attribution and a catch that Trump is likely not happy about.Excited to share the cake we got to make for one of last night s inaugural balls. While we most love creating original designs, when we are asked to replicate someone else s work we are thrilled when it is a masterpiece like this one. @duff_goldman originally created this for Obama s inauguration 4 years ago and this years committee commissioned us to re-create it. Best part is all the profits are being donated to @humanrightscampaign, one of our favorite charities who we have loved working with over the years. Because basic human rights are something every man, woman and child~ straight, gay or the rainbow in between~ deserve!Excited to share the cake we got to make for one of last night s inaugural balls. While we most love creating original designs, when we are asked to replicate someone else s work we are thrilled when it is a masterpiece like this one. @duff_goldman originally created this for Obama s inauguration 4 years ago and this years committee commissioned us to re-create it. Best part is all the profits are being donated to @humanrightscampaign, one of our favorite charities who we have loved working with over the years. Because basic human rights are something every man, woman and child~ straight, gay or the rainbow in between~ deserve!A photo posted by Buttercream Bakeshop (@bttrcrmbakeshop) on Jan 21, 2017 at 7:35am PSTCongratulations, Buttercream Bakeshop, you just showed the anti-gay bigots how cake protest is done. Bravo!Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images.",0
2886, Trump Bans The Public From Calling The White House To Comment Or Protest,"In another attempt to stifle freedom of expression, President Trump and his administration have dismantled the White House switchboard comment operating system. Instead, callers will be told to take their complaints and comments to Facebook and other White House social media platforms.When called, the White House switchboard states: Thank you for calling the White House comments line. The comment line is currently closed but your comment is important to the President and we urge you to send us a comment online at www.WhiteHouse.gov/contact or send us a message through Facebook messenger. Trump really is becoming the social-media president.Since the end of the transition, when the lines were apparently shut off, the Trump administration has been purging the White House website off all things that generally resemble the Obama White House   and thus anything that has to do with equality and inclusion. So this is just another instance of curtailing the openness of the people s house.It seems that the 15 percent of American households without internet will not be able to have Trump hear their concerns, who promised to be a champion of all people and listen to their needs.There is no indication yet from the White House whether this is permanent or temporary, as the incoming administration settles into their positions.Still, there was no downtime for this crucial line of democracy when the Obama administration took over in 2009.Given the Trump administration s penchant for lying and ignoring the people, this should come as no surprise. However, it should worry the public if no future action is taken to address this. The people s house should be readily available at all times, in all fashions.It s only day three, and Donald Trump and his team are showing a brazen disregard for the little things that make us great. When studying authoritarians, one must look at how the littlest of things change before their eyes.This might be one of them   a White House that doesn t want to be bombarded with calls from an outraged public.Featured image by Ron Sachs via Getty Images",0
2887," Press Asks Sean Spicer To Prove Trump Left Businesses, His Response Is INFURIATING (VIDEO)","Donald Trump and his team are getting absolutely hammered for their lies or   as they called it    alternate facts.  And rightfully so   Trump hasn t even been President for a week and his team is already proving to be riddled with falsehoods and a complete lack of transparency.On Monday, new White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer gave a truly infuriating response during his first White House press conference. When a member of the press asked Spicer if he could produce some sort of proof to validate the claims that Trump had resigned from his businesses, America got a terrifying look at what the next four years were going to bring.Spicer said  I believe we have  to a question regarding documents showing that Trump had handed his businesses over to his two sons. However, White House staffer Hope Hicks jumped in and stated that these documents are not public.  Spicer continued: Yeah, but he has resigned from the company as he said he would before he took office. Don and Eric are fully in charge of the company. He s taking extraordinary steps to ensure that that s happened. So once again, we have more and more secrecy from Trump s team combined with a lack of kept promises to the American people. It should be noted that ProPublica stated that Trump has not stepped away from his businesses at all.As of last Friday, ProPublica examined several of Trump s major companies. These companies were registered in three different states   Florida, Delaware and New York. These states make changes to companies almost instantly   documents are pretty much added to the system immediately or within a day or two at the latest. However, when ProPublica spoke to officials in these states recently, it was discovered that Trump has not submitted any filings to transfer the control of his companies to his sons.You can watch Spicer lie through his teeth below:Featured image via Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
2888," Because Of Trump, We Need An Equal Rights Amendment NOW","The Women s March was historic. Over four million women all across the country (and world) came out in solidarity to protest against the incoming avalanche of assault from the Trump Administration.Contrary to popular belief, the Women s March was not a protest against President Trump   it was a protest in support of women s rights.Before taking the oath of office, the Trump Administration pledged to defund all programs at the DOJ which enforce the Violence Against Women Act. Donald Trump himself has released the names of 21 conservative judges who are potential Supreme Court nominees that mirror the late Justice Antonin Scalia (who does not believe the 14th Amendment extends to women).On Monday, January 23, Trump signed an executive order imposing the  Mexico City  rule   that overseas operations (including clinics) that perform or encourage abortion will lose all federal funding from the United States.The war on women is in full force, and Trump is at the reins.That is why, now more than ever, an Equal Rights Amendment is needed.The proposal is a simple one:Equality of rights under the law shall not be denied or abridged by the United States or by any State on account of sex. The Congress shall have the power to enforce, by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this article. This amendment shall take effect two years after the date of ratification.Aside from the 20th Amendment, which gives women the right to vote, there is no specific mention of women in the United States Constitution. The word  men  is mentioned a handful of times. The words  women,   ladies,  or  female  is nowhere. Not one line in the United States Constitution even alludes to the rights of women when considering historical context (aside from the 20th). Nor is the word  equality  found anywhere.Even though the Constitution states  All men are created equal,  we know that the Founders truly did not understand that. If you weren t white, a landowner, or male, the Constitution was not written with your rights in mind. Thomas Jefferson, who authored the Declaration of Independence and made significant contributions to the Constitution, wrote:Were our state a pure democracy there would still be excluded from our deliberations women, who, to prevent deprivation of morals and ambiguity of issues, should not mix promiscuity in gatherings of men.What many people fail to realize is that the rights of women that hinge on the 14th Amendment s Equal Protection Clause can easily be taken away. The 14th Amendment says that states may not  deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.  Should a Congress or bench of judges hold hostile views of women s equality, they could deem it necessary to roll back on much of the social progress made through common or statutory law. Should Trump appoint one, two or even three new Justices to the Supreme Court, who hold originalist views like Scalia, many issues such as equal pay, abortion, insurance discrimination, and so forth could vanish or become embedded in sex discrimination.The only thing women truly, inarguably have is the right to vote. But what s the point of voting if your rights as a human being could be taken away down the road in the name of jurisprudence?The argument  women already have everything the ERA would guarantee them  is not only wrong but na ve. First, women don t have  everything  equal to men in current law. There are still many statutes that separate on the basis of sex. Second, only the ERA would truly guarantee them these fundamental rights without fear of being stripped away so easily. So those opposed to the ERA actually give us a reason to support it   they admit it would guarantee equality if enacted.This wasn t always a divisive issue. Republicans use to support it. Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford supported the ERA in the 1970s, as did President Carter. This was not a partisan issue until Phyllis Schlafly came along and derailed it using scare tactics (one argument was that this would lead to same-sex marriage).But Schlafly is gone (as is Ford and Nixon), and a new era for women is on the horizon. If women came out in support for an Equal Rights Amendment as they did on January 21st, equality would be the true law of the land.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2889," Border Chief Just Gave Trump A BRUTAL Reality Check About His Border Wall, Supporters DEVASTATED (VIDEO)","During his presidential campaign, former reality television star Donald Trump received a lot of criticism for his highly controversial (and completely wasteful and illogical) U.S.-Mexican border wall   a concept his supporters latched onto despite the fact that it was shot down by several experts.Just days after officially becoming the 45th President of the United States, Trump is getting another brutal reality check about why this stupid wall won t work. Now, the outgoing chief of the Customs and Border Protection agency is speaking out against the idea, crushing every racist s hopes and dreams.In an interview with ABC News  Brian Ross, border chief Gil Kerlikowske basically said that Trump s border wall was a massive waste of both time and money, and not a viable solution to tackling illegal immigration. Completely humiliating Trump for being an ill-advised moron, Kerlikowske said: I think that anyone who s been familiar with the southwest border and the terrain  kind of recognizes that building a wall along the entire southwest border is probably not going to work. There s nothing that Trump hates more than being called out for being stupid and wrong. Maybe if he d actually spent more time learning about his new job than crying on Twitter, he would have known this. Kerlikowske also stated that not only would this wall not work, but the cost of this wall in both time and finances would be a major burden on taxpayers   because despite how many times Trump says Mexico is going to pay for his wall, they ve made it VERY clear that they re not. Kerlikowske continued: I don t think the wall is feasible. I don t think its particularly the smartest way to use taxpayer money on infrastructure. To make matters even worse for Trump, Kerlikowske used this interview to defend and praise the Obama Administration for its record on illegal immigration. Take that, Trump!You can watch the interview below:Featured image via Pool / Getty Images",0
2890, Conservatives Attack The Pope And DEFEND HITLER After The Pope Warns Against Donald Trump (TWEETS),"As Donald Trump was being sworn in as Grand Wizard of the United States, Pope Francis was throwing shade at our new President-With-An-Asterisk in an interview with a Spanish newspaper.He didn t address Trump directly in his interview with El Pais   after all, where s the fun in that?   but instead talked about someone of whom many Trump supporters are fond, Adolf Hitler: Germany   was looking for a leader, someone who would give her back her identity and there was a little man named Adolf Hitler who said  I can do it .   Hitler did not steal power. He was elected by his people and then he destroyed his people.  The Germans at that time also wanted to protect themselves with  walls and barbed wire so that others cannot take away their identity. It doesn t take much imagination at all to see the similarities. Immediately after Trump assumed office, any mention of civil rights disappeared from the White House website and he immediately signed an executive order aimed at taking healthcare away from millions of Americans. The case of Germany is classic,  he said, adding that Hitler gave his citizens a  deformed identity and we know what it produced.  In other words, Germany first, America first, it s all the same. But Pope Francis says to give Trump a chance to prove him right: Let s see. Let s see what he does and then we will evaluate. Naturally, conservatives are furious. Responding reports on Trump s statements, the Right lashed out at Pope Francis for insulting their god:@RT_com @RobertNTaupier Is it sacrilegious to tell a Godless Commie Pope to go **** himself?  Thomas Pine (@ameripundit) January 23, 2017@RT_com stuff it  The worst Pope ever who totally politicizes everything for his socialists cronies  E Publius Unum (@CesquireCowen) January 23, 2017@RT_com This pope is hurdling Christianity towards extinction. Lowest numbers in recent history.  1 9 1 6 (@PepeWillsItV3) January 23, 2017@RT_com the Pope is a Jesuit Marxist  Lisa M B (@LisamLouisiana) January 23, 2017@RT_com just another old guy and his old opinions. Hopefully the church starts to be taxed so they can act responsible  raisemmmk (@raisemmmk) January 23, 2017@RT_com a leftist, papal imposter. He is probably only a layman since they changed the rites of ordination after vatican 2. Not Catholic!  Procinctu (@TheProcinctu) January 23, 2017@RT_com You look into your business Mr poop sorry , Mr pope.  silako silmi (@gilmaparty) January 23, 2017@RT_com I've looked at history, Hitler,wasn't a bad person,just trying to protect Germany from SATAN,if he had completed his work,better PL  (((Andros))) (@MrRealAndros) January 23, 2017@FoxNews Passing judgement isn't his place.Has he read the bible.? Time 4 a new pope this one is defective  Sharon (@SharonM67714628) January 22, 2017@FoxNews Passing judgement isn't his place.Has he read the bible.? Time 4 a new pope this one is defective  Sharon (@SharonM67714628) January 22, 2017@sexxxylisa @FoxNews I Agree with you 100% ! Yes NOT a nice old pope. He's an evil old Jesuit GLOBALIST NWO pope.  Liziz Fine (@LizizFine) January 22, 2017This isn t the first time the Pontiff has attacked President Cheeto. In February, shortly after The Donald warned Trump about lying about his religion: A person who thinks only about building walls   wherever they may be   and not building bridges, is not Christian  I d just say that this man is not Christian if he said it this way. If Donald Trump s presidency feels like the rise of Hitler to you, you re not alone   and it is your duty as an American to stand up to the threat every day of your life until it is no longer present. It s going to be a long and terrible four years, but we must stand together against this  unpresidented  threat to our country, minimize the damage, and rebuild when he is gone in four years.Featured image via Getty Images (Franco Origlia)/screengrab",0
2891, Racist NRA Host Uses Racial Slur To Vulgarly Celebrate The End Of Obama’s Presidency,"A National Rifle Association television host went full racist on Sunday to celebrate Donald trump taking over the White House.In an offensive post on Twitter, right-wing gun nut Chuck Holton wrote that President Obama, the first black president, left a brown stain across America. And he couldn t even spell his racial slur correctly. Okay!  he wrote.  Party s over. Let s get busy scrubbing Obama s mocacchino stain off of America! Okay! Party s over. Let s get busy scrubbing Obama s mocacchino stain off of America!  Chuck Holton (@rangerholton) January 22, 2017You know, because a mochaccino is a brown chocolate color and President Obama s skin color is brown.Seriously, President Obama left the White House two days ago but conservatives are STILL making racist remarks about him.Holton, who pathetically only has 413 followers on Twitter, got torched by a couple Twitter users.@rangerholton At least spell your hateful insult correctly: mochaccino    Cassy Blue   (@CassyBlue3) January 23, 2017Was it the reversed recession? The 16 million jobs? Or having OBL shot in the face? @rangerholton  Me! (@Nativemanley) January 23, 2017But Holton just doesn t post his racism on Twitter. He posts his sexism there as well.For example, here are some of his attacks on the Women s March.Women spent more than $150 million attending a march and accomplished nothing. Liberalism in a nutshell.  Chuck Holton (@rangerholton) January 23, 2017500k classless women proving they are no better than Trump with their  locker talk . https://t.co/UXxiMFr626  Chuck Holton (@rangerholton) January 22, 2017A host of bitter clingers. Bitter women clinging to their funny hats. pic.twitter.com/a3XpQ1h1c8  Chuck Holton (@rangerholton) January 21, 2017Who is attending the sexist march against sexism today?  Chuck Holton (@rangerholton) January 21, 2017He retweeted this one:Since when does anyone have to fill out a background check before using a vagina? pic.twitter.com/lHQ2KNcI1l  Bearing Arms (@BearingArmsCom) January 22, 2017Oh, and he likes war crimes, too.Now we are talking: https://t.co/mvh8qVaqjt  Chuck Holton (@rangerholton) January 12, 2017Assholes like Holton are the reason why our country is going backward instead of forward.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
2892, Trump Plans To Turn Medicaid Into A Death Panel Program With Limited Funding,"People who voted for Donald Trump and receive Medicaid are about to get some really bad news.For decades, Republicans have wanted to destroy Medicaid, a healthcare program that helps low income people with a combination of federal and state resources.The idea of block grants would mostly achieve this goal by slashing the amount of money the federal government provides and would shift the fiscal responsibility to the states.According to the New York Times,A block grant would be a radical change. Since its creation in 1965, Medicaid has been an open-ended entitlement. If more people become eligible because of a recession, or if costs go up because of the use of expensive new medicines, states receive more federal money.If Congress decides to create block grants for Medicaid, lawmakers will face thorny questions with huge political and financial implications: How much money will each state receive? How will the initial allotments be adjusted   for population changes, for general inflation, for increases in medical prices, for the discovery of new drugs and treatments? Will the federal government require states to cover certain populations and services? Will states receive extra money if they have not expanded Medicaid eligibility under the Affordable Care Act, but decide to do so in the future?Also, Republicans could punish blue states by giving them less money while giving more money to red states.But once the money runs out, people will suffer regardless of which state they live in because that s what a block grant is. It s a set amount of money. States would have to decide if they want to spend more money on healthcare after the funding dries up. Basically, lawmakers will be deciding if you get medical care or not. In other words, death panels.Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker told Republicans in Congress that,  States would most likely make decisions based mainly on fiscal reasons rather than the health care needs of vulnerable populations. Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards echoed the same concerns. Under such a scenario, flexibility would really mean flexibility to cut critical services for our most vulnerable populations, including poor children, people with disabilities and seniors in need of nursing home and home-based care,  he said.Again, this is basically the death panels Sarah Palin was freaking out about when the Affordable Care Act passed, only these are real and would be run by the states because the federal government is forcing them to decide who gets care and who doesn t by imposing funding limits.Medicaid covers more than 70 million Americans across the country, many of whom are conservatives in some of the poorest states. That s 70 million people who are going to face great suffering and death over the next four years if Trump and Republicans have their way.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
2893, Trump Tells Corporate CEOs He Will Slash 75 Percent Of Regulations That Protect Workers And Environment,"Donald Trump just promised Corporate America that they ll be able to rape the environment and screw over their workers at will after his administration is done killing every regulation in the book.During a meeting with corporate executives on Monday, Trump told them that he will cut their tax rate  massively  by up to more than half the current rate of 35 percent, which would significantly reduce revenues the federal government will take in.In short, that means Trump is copying what Republicans did in Kansas, a move that has destroyed the state s economy while blowing up the budget with massive deficits.Trump also said that if a corporation wants to build a factory his team will expedite the process to make sure it happens even if doing so threatens vital habitats.He then stated his intention to wipe out  75 percent or more  of the current regulations that protect workers and the environment. The regulations are going to be cut massively,  Trump said.  And the taxes are going to be cut way down. But he insisted that workers and the environment will somehow still be protected despite the loss of the regulations that actually do protect them.Here s the video via Facebook.Donald Trump just became even more of a threat to workers, the environment, and the nation s fiscal health.Most of these regulations exist for a reason and we should not just be cutting because Trump heard a sob story from a greedy corporate CEO.But he s apparently going to do it anyway and that means American workers can expect to see regulations that protect their safety, wages, and rights disappear and then when they get home they ll have to deal with the dirty air and poisoned water that results from Trump s repel of environmental regulations.Every voter who sat home pouting or voted for a third party because Hillary Clinton was the Democratic nominee should be ashamed of themselves. Because in the end, while Trump is going to be responsible for our nation s destruction, you are to blame for enabling him to do so in the first place.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
2894, The Dallas Stars HILARIOUSLY Troll Donald Trump Over The Size Of His Inaugural Crowd (IMAGE),"While Trump is busy trying to convince the world that he s the most popular president in history, others who know the truth are sitting back and laughing. That includes the Dallas Stars, the hockey team from the very-red state of Texas. They decided they were going to poke fun at Trump over his claim that there had to be at least 1.5 million people at his inauguration (there weren t), and they did so using their Jumbotron:Stars Jumbotron with a topical joke. pic.twitter.com/9vsmTG1Agj  Kate Morrison (@unlikelyfanatic) January 22, 2017Yes, that says their attendance was 1.5 million. This is their way of drawing attention to the fact that, as Mashable put it: Donald Trump is really, really obsessed with numbers, especially those that reflect his popularity, sending members of his staff into the world armed with  lies  and  alternative facts  to claim the attendance at his inauguration was HYUGE. Kate Morrison, the person who tweeted the pic of the Stars  Jumbotron, apparently received several thousand retweets within a half hour. As of the time of this posting, she had well over 18,000 retweets, and more than 37,000 likes.The Stars do tend to be irreverent when it comes to egotistical celebrities and their own opponents. They ve trolled Justin Bieber and Toronto; and they went after the city of Winnipeg, too, where they posted a list of  reasons  to visit Winnipeg that included,  Any suggestions?  and  Go visit Vancouver instead. So this isn t anything new, but it is hilarious given Trump s inauguration and his ego. He s so embarrassed by the size of his inaugural crowd that his press secretary, Sean Spicer, told a a series of outright lies in an attempt to convince us that all evidence to the contrary, no matter how obvious, was fabricated.The Stars actually had a crowd closer to 18,500   there s no sports arena in the U.S. that can hold anything close to 1.5 million people. But that doesn t matter   if Trump will lie about his numbers, then there are people who will counter with something as embarrassing as possible for him.Featured image via screen captures from embedded tweet",0
2895, Dan Rather Takes Kellyanne Conway To The Woodshed; Advises The Media On How To Handle Lies,"After Trump spokeswoman Kellyanne Conway had the gall to defend blatant Trump administration lies as  alternative facts,  Dan Rather, one of the few real journalists left in our country, took to Facebook and called for action. These are not normal times,  Rather said.  These are extraordinary times. And extraordinary times call for extraordinary measures. Conway wasn t the only person who suffered Rather s wrath, but he called her phrase  Orwellian,  which it was. Rather also talked about Sean Spicer, who, as he said, threatened, bullied and lied to reporters before walking out of the briefing room without even answering a question. He also called out the administration for its lies.Rather remarked that we ve never seen this before, but he has some suggestions for the media. The first of which is to not be afraid to call a lie a lie. Even more than from the press, though, Rather wants to see that kind of bravery come from Congress.There is one group of people who can do a lot   very quickly. And that is Republicans in Congress. Without their support, Donald Trump s presidency will falter. So here is what I think everyone in the press must do. If you are interviewing a Paul Ryan, a Mitch McConnell, or any other GOP elected official, the first question must be  what will you do to combat the lying from the White House?  If they dodge and weave, keep with the follow ups. And if they refuse to give a satisfactory answer, end the interview.Facts and the truth are not partisan. They are the bedrock of our democracy. And you are either with them, with us, with our Constitution, our history, and the future of our nation, or you are against it. Everyone must answer that question.It s true. If the media does its job, the truth will win out and  alternative fact  will be called simply,  lies. Featured image via Kirk Irwin/Getty Images",0
2896, WATCH: Former Clinton Aide BLASTS Lying Sean Spicer; Says He Should Resign,"The internet has been destroying the Trump administration s press secretary, former Republican National Committee mouthpiece Sean Spicer. As everyone now knows, Spicer spent his very first press briefing lying about Trump s inaugural crowd size as compared to those of President Barack Obama. Of course, we all know that President Obama s 2009 crowd size reached historic numbers, exceeding one million people. When comparison photos were tweeted out, this was clearly just too much for Trump s fragile ego, so he sent Spicer out to rag on the press for reporting, well, facts about Trump s pathetic crowds.Well, since this administration clearly has no issue with lying straight to the faces of the American people, Brian Fallon, the former press secretary for Hillary for America, went on CNN to weigh in on what he would have done had he ever been put in the position of lying to the American public regarding this or anything else. Fallon said: There s clear intent. It was a lie. It should be called a lie. And if he was put in the situation by [Chief of Staff] Reince Priebus or his boss, Donald Trump, to go out and tell a lie to the American people, he should have resigned rather than go out and take the podium. Spicer, of course, lied through his teeth, and said, as he blasted the press: This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration, period, both in person and around the globe. This is simply untrue, and there are photos and numbers to prove it. But the ease of fact-checking such a thing matters not to the Trump White House. In fact, while speaking to NBC s Chuck Todd on Sunday, Kellyanne Conway called Spicer s lies  alternative facts,  as if refusing to call them what they are lies makes everything just a-okay.Fallon continued, saying that he s never been asked to do any such thing, but he hoped he wouldn t do what Spicer did after being asked by CNN s Brian Stelter what he d have done if he were asked to lie like that: But I d like to think that if I ever was, I would have too much integrity to go out and look in the cameras and say something that was provably false. Then again, Brian Fallon would never be in such a position, because a) Hillary would never ask her staff to do such a thing because she s not a petulant brat like Trump is, and b) she wouldn t need to, because her inaugural crowds would have reached record highs as well.Too bad we ll never know what could have been, and we re stuck with this orange moron for at least four years.Watch the exchange below:[ad3media campaign= 1422 ]Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2897, Beloved NBA Coach Openly Calls Trump A Dangerous Liar (DETAILS),"San Antonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich is no fan of Donald Trump. He sharply criticized Trump in the run-up to the election, and now that Trump is officially in office, he seems to have no interest in giving the Orange One so much as an inch. In a recent interview, Popovich openly called Trump a liar, and specifically criticized his activities when he went to speak to the CIA   especially Trump s speaking about the size of his crowds in front of a wall representing fallen operatives. He also said that the massive women s march was  great.  Popovich said: That message is important, and it could have been a whole lot of groups marching. And somebody said on TV,  What s their message?  Well, their message is obvious. That our president comes in with the lowest [approval] rating of anybody who ever came into the office. And there s a majority of people out there, since Hillary [Clinton] won the popular vote, that don t buy his act. Popovich then went on to criticize Trump s bigoted remarks against any number of groups of Americans during the campaign and since: He could talk to the groups that he disrespected and maligned during the primary and really make somebody believe it. But so far, we ve got [to] a point where you really can t believe anything that comes out of his mouth. You really can t. The coach then moved on Trump s speech at the CIA, and called him emotionally immature and a liar: That s worrisome. That s worrisome. I d just feel better if somebody was in that position that showed the maturity and psychological and emotional level of somebody that was his age. It does boggle the mind how somebody can be so thin-skinned. It s all obvious   it s about him. If anything affects him, if it s  Saturday Night Live  or  Hamilton  or she got 3 more million votes than you.  They re illegal.' It doesn t matter what it is, there s a pattern there. And that s dangerous. I d like to have someone with gravitas, but he got there through the Electoral College, which is part of our system, and I hope he does some good things. Hopefully, people with megaphones continue to speak out against Trump and his dishonest, autocratic administration. If we hold their feet to the fire, we just might survive the next four years.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2898, The Dictionary Delivers EPIC Smackdown Of Kellyanne Conway’s ‘Alternative Facts’ Bullsh*t,"This morning, Kellyanne Conway attempted to spin White House press secretary Sean Spicer s blatant lies about Trump s inauguration numbers into simply an alternate version of the truth. This isn t the first time she s said something like this, and so it s getting more than a little ridiculous. Fortunately, Chuck Todd nailed her to the wall for it, but he wasn t the only one. Merriam-Webster decided to nail her for it too, with a short, concise tweet:?A fact is a piece of information presented as having objective reality. https://t.co/gCKRZZm23c  Merriam-Webster (@MerriamWebster) January 22, 2017Nothing like having the dictionary troll you when you try to redefine words in front of the whole damn world.Merriam-Webster didn t stop with just a single tweet, though. That link goes to an entire article blasting Conway for pretending the word  fact  doesn t mean what we think it means. In addition to the modern definition, which is their tweet, they gave three obsolete definitions which further puts Conway to shame: There are three obsolete senses of fact in English. Two of these senses are no longer used:Fact meaning  a wrong or unlawful deed  is rare, but is still used in the phrase  after the fact. Merriam-Webster also reported, in that story, that lookups for the word  fact  spiked after Conway spewed her nonsense all over Chuck Todd. Fact  is their #2 lookup today, and  feminism  is their #3 lookup. Their #1 lookup, though?  Fascism.  That s been one of their trending lookups for a few months now, which says something about how people on both sides view Trump.You know you ve screwed up big time with a word when you ve got the dictionary coming after you for it.Featured image by Yana Paskova via Getty Images",0
2899, House Republicans Begin Process To Withdraw America From The United Nations,"Since 1945, the United States has been a crucial member of the United Nations, and a leader on the world stage. If Republicans have their way, however, that will end.Republicans in Congress have been whining about the United Nations for decades, and now that Donald Trump has taken over the White House, they are starting the process to force American withdrawal from the peacekeeping organization.Why?Because Trump and Republicans are mad that the United Nations condemned Israel for building illegal settlements on Palestinian land. In other words, Republicans are whining because they think the United Nations works for the United States instead of the entire world. Just as Trump thinks everything is about him, Republicans think international relations should be all about the United States.So, GOP Rep. Michael Rogers has filed The American Sovereignty Restoration Act of 2017 to formally withdraw the United States from the United Nations, which would effectively create a power vacuum within the international body that the Russians and Chinese will seek to fill.Without American influence, which we have had since the organization s founding, we will be left behind as the world moves on without us. Either that, or international cooperation will collapse entirely and throw the world into chaos as nations follow the United States and adopt isolationist policies that will ultimately lead to global wars. The United Nations was created to prevent such large scale conflicts in the first place, which is why we have avoided a World War III.The bill specifically directs Trump to  terminate all membership by the United States in the United Nations, and in any organ, specialized agency, commission, or other formally affiliated body of the United Nations. And that means the United States would also be withdrawing from the World Bank, the International Court of Justice, the World Health Organization, the International Monetary Fund, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), and the International Atomic Energy Agency, among many others.Not only would America be going it alone, withdrawal would affect our ability to keep wannabe nuclear powers like Iran in check without starting a war. Our withdrawal from international financial institutions could have a devastating effect on the world economy, including our own.The United Nations would also have to move headquarters out of the United States, which would be a humiliating loss of international prestige.For decades, the world has looked to the United States for leadership and cooperation. But Republicans apparently want America to withdraw from the world stage   a move that would erase all the progress made over the last seven decades, and tarnish our reputation forever.This cannot be allowed to happen. This country has worked too hard to bring democracy and peace to the world to quit now. We should be leaders on the world stage, not isolationists.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
2900, Caroline Kennedy Is Eyeing A White House Bid,"Caroline Kennedy, daughter of President John F. Kennedy, has left her post as Ambassador to Japan. After being forced out by the incoming Trump Administration (with no replacement) Kennedy is returning back to civilian life in New York.According to the New York Post, Kennedy is eyeing a potential Senate bid in New York for 2018, in which she would face popular incumbent Kirsten Gillibrand and Congresswoman Carolyn Maloney.But the sources from the Post also say Kennedy s eye is going even further, which includes a White House bid in 2020. Should Trump still be in office (and seek a second term), Kennedy would be seen as a liberal alternative to the populist billionaire.According to one source, who is close to the Kennedy family and Caroline Kennedy herself: Caroline had a successful ambassadorial run in Japan and feels really very confident about putting her hat in the ring for a New York congressional or Senate seat, with even possibly bigger political objectives down the road. Another source added: Caroline is seen in some quarters as the next Hillary Clinton. She has the Kennedy name but no Clinton baggage. After serving as Ambassador for three years, Kennedy oversaw an expansion of relations between the U.S. and Japan, which included controversial stances against whaling, and ending nuclear arms expansions.During Kennedy s tenure, her office came under intense scrutiny from the Inspector General s office. The report, which was described as  damning,  alleges that Kennedy, like Hillary Clinton, used a private email server and mismanaged many aspects of her office. Kennedy has defended her use of private email, as well as her handling of the Ambassador s office.Before becoming a diplomat, Kennedy had been a steadfast advocate for many progressive issues, including her uncle Ted s  mission in life    universal healthcare. Kennedy also holds progressive views on a variety of social issues, which include supporting abortion rights and LGBT causes. She has called for reauthorizing the assault weapons ban, and says NAFTA needs to be re-examined. One issue that bogged Clinton down in the primary was her initial support for the Iraq War, but Kennedy claims to have opposed it from the beginning.While Kennedy has the money (her net worth lies between $80 million and $500 million), the name recognition, and the support to run, nothing has been set in stone. Everything is speculative.Aside from Senator Cory Booker, Kennedy has become the first rumored potential candidate for the 2020 election season.Featured image via Slaven Vlasic via Getty Images",0
2901, Crowd Scientists Have BAD News For Trump Over Inauguration Crowd Size Vs. Women’s March,"Team Trump is having a war on math. Alleged president Donald Trump spoke at CIA headquarters and literally lied to the U.S. Intelligence agency about his Inaugural crowd size. He said he  looked out, the field was, it looked like a million, million and a half people.  White House Press secretary Sean Spicer said,  This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration, period.  Kellyanne Conway defended Spicer by saying he was presenting  alternate facts. Well, we have some bad news for Donald. Previously, it was estimated that the historic Women s March on Washington had twice the crowd size of Trump s big event. Crowd experts looked into that and the numbers are not in Donald s favor. It s worse than what was previously reported.Crowd scientists Marcel Altenburg and Keith Still of Manchester Metropolitan University in Britain shared their estimations with the New York Times.Professor Still was a crowd safety consultant for the 2011 royal wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton, and has advised the Saudi government on crowds for the hajj, the annual pilgrimage to Mecca.Nearly 3 million around the world gathered for marches on Saturday. In Los Angeles, 85,000 people were expected to protest but 750,000 showed up to march.The previous analysis was limited in scope because there wasn t any footage of a larger area available yet. As per the analysis, about three times the amount of people attended the Women s Watch than those who attended Donald s inauguration.The Hill reports:Estimates by crowd scientists shows at least 470,000 people were in Washington, D.C., near the National Mall at 2 p.m. Saturday. At Trump s inauguration, there were about 160,000 people in the same area The Washington, D.C. metro reported that Saturday was its second-busiest day in the city s history, with more than 1 million trips taken on the metro. The busiest day ever was former President Barack Obama s Inauguration Day in 2009. On Trump s Inauguration Day on Friday, about 570,000 trips were taken on the metro.On top of that, Donald s inauguration was met with a crowd about one third the size of President Obama s inauguration in 2009, according to the crowd scientists.Three million women, men and children attended the marches across America. By the way, that s almost the amount Donald lost the popular vote by to Hillary Clinton. In response to the number of protesters, Donald asked  why they didn t vote.  But we did vote, and he lost by three million.Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
2902, ‘Not-Racist’ Trump Fan Goes On Hours-Long Twitter Rant About ‘Nigs’ And ‘Obamaphones’ (TWEETS),"If you ever need to know exactly how divisive Donald Trump has been, if you ever need a perfect example, you don t need to look much further than Donald Trump s Twitter timeline. While it is a cesspit of racist garbage on a good day, sometimes his fans stand out   and one of them serves as a perfect reminder of what, exactly we are righting against.On Sunday, Trump bragged about his ratings in a desperate effort to distract from the fact that no one showed up to his party on Friday.Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 22, 2017Meet Carl Tischer. Carl decided to put on his white-hooded battle armor and jump to The Donald s defense as seemingly the whole world was making fun of our Pussgrabber-in-chief. In response to legitimate criticism of The Donald, Tischer let everyone know that 30 million Americans just wanted to see Barack and Michelle (who is a man, according to this obviously well-educated cracker) leave the White House.@mikd33 @realDonaldTrump I certainly do . Thank God Barry and his hubby Moochel are gone . Now we can actually MAGA . TRUMPNATION . LOLOLOL.  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@KreaseChan @realDonaldTrump 30 mil were watching to see Barry and his hubby Moochel leave for good .It's time to MAGA . LOLOLOL.TRUMPNATION  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017In other replies to Trump s ratings announcement, Tischer shared his pearls of wisdom about  niggas   nugs  and  nigs. @fryan @realDonaldTrump @latimes 7 million fewer Niggas on welfare is why . They were waiting for their free Ohshitforbrains phone . MAGA .  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@fryan @goldy_levy @realDonaldTrump @latimes you are right . 7 million niggas in line for their free Ohshitforbrains phone. TRUMPNATION MAGA  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@Mottel @realDonaldTrump @Variety we sure do miss all the nigs in the crowd waiting for their FREE Ohshitforbrains phones . LOL . MAGA MAGA  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@justinhendrix @realDonaldTrump @Variety We don't care .Who cares if 7 million nigs weren't there waiting for the free Ohshitforbrains phone  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@jules_su @realDonaldTrump The only ones home were the Nigs figuring out how to get their next free phone . LOL . TRUMPNATION . MAGA LOL .  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@fryan @goldy_levy @realDonaldTrump @latimes Simple . Da Nugs have to tie their own shoes now and pay for their own phones . LOL . MAGA .  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@Plaid_Undercat Good fo u nug whore . Now go turn your phone on and git to work.. LOL . MAGA . Barry and his hubby Moochel are gone . MAGA  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017This  old fashioned hard worker  (an apparent new slang term for  racist ) seems really fixated on all these  nug  phones that are  used to help sell crack :@fryan @realDonaldTrump @latimes Just an ol fashioned hard worker . No more Ohshitforbrains phones..Time to MAGA . TRUMPNATION . GIT TO WORK  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@CarlTSpeak Damn right its classy . No mo free phones . Time for the adults to take control . LOL . TRUMPNATION . MAGA . WORK WORK WORK .  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@varona_jo @justinhendrix @realDonaldTrump @Variety Don't matter .They have made my own way ALL my life . NEVER HAD A FREE PHONE . LOL MAGA  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@uuuukewithme @fryan @goldy_levy @latimes Oh yeah It was a total compliment . NO MO FREE PHONES . MAGA . WORK WORK WORK . LOLOLLL. MAGA .  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@uuuukewithme @fryan @goldy_levy @latimes The phones were to help sell the crack .You big dummy . Shut up. Adults are talking . MAGA .  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@fryan @goldy_levy @realDonaldTrump @latimes POOR NUGS .GOT TO ACTUALLY WORK FOR A LIVING NOW . GONNA BE A BIG CHANGE . LOLOLOL . MAGA ! ! !  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017Carl would be interested to know that the Safelink program   what he calls  Obamaphones    actually began under George W. Bush, though Reagan deserves much of the credit for getting things rolling. But Carl isn t interested in facts. He wants to #MAGA or something. The perfectly sane, rational person, totally not unhinged rant continued for hours across Twitter, bringing us numerous examples of what it means to be a Trump fan:@alex_the_cynic @fryan @goldy_levy @realDonaldTrump @latimes Zero to do with skin color, dipshit. Nig is a nig no matter what color .wake up  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@TerriC324 wouldn't waste my money going to South Shitcago to see punk thugs . Please come see me . Omg talk about Fun . Slaughterhouse fun  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@alex_the_cynic @fryan @goldy_levy @realDonaldTrump @latimes All you Madonna loving pukes are retarded sore loosers.Lets blow up the WH.SMFH  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@BullCityVA @adrunkteacher Whore's like you need to get off your backs and get a real job Your back and legs must be sore.Oh that sore puzzy  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@itsjanaej1 @adrunkteacher. Here's one for ya   Rather easy to understand . Fuck off and Blow me . MAGA TRUMPNATION !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017But not to worry, folks. Carl s not a racist. YOU are:@YvetteC66 @fryan @realDonaldTrump @latimes There's where you are wrong . Nigs have 0 to do with color . NO MO FREE PHONES . LOL . MAGA .  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017@pulais2010 @TerriC324 Again I'd like to thank all you racist Fucks that bring up https://t.co/4yUxm63fiK at 33 followers.Nigga is not about color.Wake up  carl tischer (@carltischer) January 22, 2017According to his Facebook, Tischer is retired   and he must be, as he has seemingly all day to sit around spouting racist garbage in support of the most unpopular President to ever disgrace our great nation.When Trump supporters say  make America great again,  they don t mean it. It s a code phrase meaning  kill the n******, Hispanics, and Muslims.  That s literally all they care about.Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/Twitter",0
2903, WATCH: Fox Host Chris Wallace HUMILIATES Trump’s Chief Of Staff For Lying About Inauguration Crowd Size,"Even Fox News knows that Donald Trump and his administration are making false claims about the size of the audience at the inauguration.During a press briefing on Saturday, Trump s White House mouthpiece Sean Spicer whined about media coverage of the inauguration, claiming that they lied about the crowd size. Yesterday, at a time when our nation and the world was watching the peaceful transition of power and, as the President said, the transition and the balance of power from Washington to the citizens of the United States, some members of the media were engaged in deliberately false reporting,  Spicer began.He proceeded to make all sorts of claims that have since been shot down one by one, especially since aerial photographs taken at the time of Trump s inaugural address clearly show that he did not draw even half the crowd size President Obama drew in 2009. This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration, period,  Spicer said, claiming that the National Mall was packed from the Capitol to the Washington Monument.For the record, here s a time-stamped image of Trump s inauguration swearing-in ceremony AFTER it began compared to President Obama s in 2009 via PBS.And it s the aerial photographic evidence that Fox News host Chris Wallace hit Trump Chief of Staff Reince Priebus with during an interview on Sunday about Spicer and Trump s claims.First, Wallace wondered how Trump can say he is focused on helping all Americans when he is obsessed with crowd size. President Trump said in his inaugural address that every decision he makes will be to benefit American families. How does arguing about crowd size do that?  Wallace asked.Priebus claimed that Trump cares about  honesty in the media  and said the administration won t stand for false reporting. But the media accurately reported on Trump s inauguration crowd size and Wallace grilled Priebus for claiming otherwise.Wallace showed Priebus an aerial image of Trump s crowd on the National Mall and it doesn t even come close to matching Trump s claims. I think this is a ridiculous conversation,  Wallace told Priebus after viewing the photo.  There were huge areas, he said there were crowds all the way to the Washington Monument. Except the photos of the event clearly show that Trump s crowd was incredibly sparse and did not stretch near as far as he says it did.But Priebus continued to whine about the photo and claimed that it was taken before the ceremony began. However, the picture provided above was taken more than 15 minutes AFTER the ceremony began and it clearly shows that Trump s inauguration crowd size was pathetic, especially when one compares it to President Obama s in 2009.Wallace even showed Priebus the photo again but he continued to recognize it as the truth. I m telling you there were fewer people,  Wallace told him. Wallace would know because he was there.But then Priebus complained that the media is ignoring the substance of Trump s administration, to which Wallace replied by reminding Priebus that Trump has the chance to make the press briefing all about substance but chose instead to have Spicer complain about reports of the inauguration crowd size.Here s the video via YouTube:When even Fox News is calling out a Republican administration for lying, that s REALLY bad.Featured image via screenshot",0
2904, Trump Brags About His Inauguration’s TV Ratings And Gets A BRUTAL Reality Check,"Donald Trump s inauguration was one of the most disappointing in American history, but he keeps desperately trying to sell it as one of the best.Actual attendance at Trump s inauguration didn t even get close to a million people as aerial photos show that much of the National Mall was empty by the time Trump delivered his divisive and negative inaugural address.Neilson television ratings for Trump s inauguration were not much better as 31 million tuned in to watch a national tragedy unfold before their eyes.But Trump is bragging about this number on Twitter and comparing it to President Obama s second inauguration ratings as if he thinks he deserves some sort of prize for cherry-picking an inauguration that got lower ratings.Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 22, 2017The problem is that Trump deliberately chose to compare his inauguration to President Obama s second inauguration because his numbers were far lower than Obama s first inauguration. And Twitter once again brutally flattened Trump s fragile ego with a reality check..@realDonaldTrump Donald, I m worried you re treating the United States Presidency like a television show, dear.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/V6VuSvfl9p  Oliver Chinyere (@Oliverdirtyb) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/EFP59b6TY6  Oliver Chinyere (@Oliverdirtyb) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump I thought ratings were fake? Can t keep up with you, Donny.  Ben Rachinger (@BenSRachinger) January 22, 2017.@realDonaldTrump got: 7 mil fewer viewers than BO s 1st #Inauguration 3 mil fewer votes than HRC 50% fewer attendees than the #WomensMarch pic.twitter.com/52owPPsb5o  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump 7 million fewer than Obama s first ceremony https://t.co/k4nlGLJFbO  Fergus Ryan (@fryan) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump Variety: Donald Trump s inauguration ratings lose to Obama in 2009 https://t.co/In8Wt6uRtR  Justin Hendrix (@justinhendrix) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump no one gives a shit  Mike Denison (@mikd33) January 22, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Jesus Christ! Are you in this for TV ratings? pic.twitter.com/M9o6l7wLRz  Bate Felix Tabi Tabe (@BateFelix) January 22, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Except that you should compare your ratings to Obama s in 2009, not 2013. And in 2009, Obama had 38 million viewers. Oops  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) January 22, 2017Donald Trump is supposed to be president now, but he is acting far from presidential and is only demonstrating that he will be just as petty, vain, and thin-skinned as ever before and those traits will only amplify because he has a bigger platform now.Featured image via Pete Souza",0
2905, Trump Demands To Know Why The Millions Of Women Protesting Him ‘Didn’t Vote’ And Gets TRASHED (TWEETS),"On Sunday morning, Donald Trump took to Twitter to whine about crowd sizes and brag about his ratings because he s Donald Trump and let s face it   did you really expect him to worry about little things like running the country now that he s President? Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election!  Trump tweeted as most of you were having your morning coffee.  Why didn t these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly. Watched protests yesterday but was under the impression that we just had an election! Why didn't these people vote? Celebs hurt cause badly.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 22, 2017Yes, we did have an election and Trump lost  bigly  in terms of the popular vote. He is sitting in the Oval Office solely thanks to an archaic system that was set up to protect southern states  right to own black people   an idea that is quite fine with his racist and horrible supporters. Naturally, the Internet reminded him that the majority still hates him, and no amount of whining will change that:.@realDonaldTrump they did. That's why you lost the popular vote. And indeed, you are a celeb that hurt their cause badly.  Sietse Bakker (@SietseBakker) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump They probably did. You lost by 3 million votes.  Charles Clark (@CharlesClark) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump this is what the leader of the free world is doing at 7:45am on a Sunday. Little hands, inauguration turnout and brain.  Andrew Hickey (@andrewmhickey) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump You lost the popular vote by 3Mil. We showed up to protest you bc you're garbage.  Ben Berkon (@BenBerkon) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump FYI we did vote. You lost the popular vote. I'm surprised you don't remember that. It seems to keep you up at night.  Maria Del Russo (@maria_delrusso) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump They DID vote. You lost the election by over 3 million votes. Remember? We just don't have a democracy is all, so you won.  Scott Santens (@scottsantens) January 22, 2017Next, Trump moved on to his favorite thing in the world: ratings, bragging that 31 million people watched the Inauguration, though he failed to note that most of them were watching in horror.Wow, television ratings just out: 31 million people watched the Inauguration, 11 million more than the very good ratings from 4 years ago!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 22, 2017Unfortunately, The Donald wasn t able to get people to show up to see him, as people quickly reminded him:.@realDonaldTrump Donald, I'm worried you're treating the United States Presidency like a television show, dear.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 22, 2017.@realDonaldTrump got:7 mil fewer viewers than BO's 1st #Inauguration3 mil fewer votes than HRC50% fewer attendees than the #WomensMarch pic.twitter.com/52owPPsb5o  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump wait what? This includes live streaming which has only been established in recent times. ..also maybe watching in disbelief  AJ Joshi (@AJ) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump 30m were watching to see if you did a nazi salute or tripped down the stairs  kristyan benedict (@KreaseChan) January 22, 2017Ultimately, Donald Trump says he respects peaceful protests   or at least the person who took over to do damage control does. Not-Donald calls peaceful protests a  hallmark of our democracy  and lauded the right of  people to express their views. Peaceful protests are a hallmark of our democracy. Even if I don't always agree, I recognize the rights of people to express their views.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 22, 2017Trump respects others  right to express their views so much that he offered to pay his rabid supporters  legal fees during his campaign if they beat up black people at his rallies and he literally just attacked protesters and their right to express their views hours ago. So, um, people noticed:.@realDonaldTrump Oh thank God someone got to you, sweetheart.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 22, 2017.@realDonaldTrump But next time let's try not to take two hours to go from ""Mad King Donny"" to ""President.""  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 22, 2017@BenSRachinger So glad the President agrees that the First Amendment is good. Phew! Was worried for a moment.  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump Remember when, in 2012, you called for a revolution because Obama lost the popular vote? pic.twitter.com/Wl9DUXWB72  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump here are some of my views: pic.twitter.com/tPSEEEQWfc  #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump This is not donald j trump tweeting, which intern has his phone right now?, give trump a message for us: ""Illegitimate""  Diva (@sammypolsen12) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump Who stole your phone?  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump who told you to say this? Can they be president?  Sean Hartofilis (@BeachPillows) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump GIVE THE PRESIDENT HIS PHONE BACK!!! HE'S GOT CITIZENS TO INSULT!  Jon Bershad (@JonBershad) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump who hacked you  Austin Gebbia (@DearMorni) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump Now you post this tweet after mocking the millions in the #WomensMarch  Jeffrey Guterman (@JeffreyGuterman) January 22, 2017@realDonaldTrump yeah but an hour and a half ago https://t.co/Rl3nfbRZ7o  Kevin Collier (@kevincollier) January 22, 2017Our country has very real problems that need to be addressed   like Trump s executive order, which is step one in Republicans  plan to strip healthcare from millions of hardworking Americans. He should work on cleaning up his own mess rather than hate-tweet about American citizens and try to prove to the world that  millions  showed up to his sparsely-attended sh*tfest of a Sweet 16 party. (Wait that was a presidential Inauguration? Cthulhu help us all).Featured image via Getty Images (Pool)/screengrab",0
2906, WATCH: Chuck Todd SWATS Annoying Kellyanne Conway For Calling Trump’s Lies ‘Alternative Facts’,"Kellyanne Conway tried to spin White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer s lies as  alternative facts  and got her ass handed to her by Chuck Todd.The impromptu press briefing came two hours after Trump whined about media estimates of the inauguration crowd size during a visit at the CIA.Spicer lashed out at the media in an embarrassing display of how Trump apparently intends to use press briefings over the next four years. Yesterday, at a time when our nation and the world was watching the peaceful transition of power and, as the President said, the transition and the balance of power from Washington to the citizens of the United States, some members of the media were engaged in deliberately false reporting,  Spicer claimed.He then argued at length that  This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration   period   both in person and around the globe. Both claims are blatantly false as aerial photographs taken at the time of the inaugural address show that Trump s crowd was significantly smaller than both of President Obama s inaugurations in 2009 and 2013. Trump also only drew 31 million viewers on television, which is 7 million less than President Obama drew in 2009.Spicer also tried to blame the count on the Secret Service, but even they refuted Spicer s claim that  magnetometers  prevented people from filling the National Mall.Overall, Spicer s attack on the media for accurately reporting on the size of the inauguration crowd was petty and a complete pile of bullshit.But Kellyanne Conway defended Spicer s lies on Sunday during an interview on Meet The Press.Conway began by once again bragging about the election results, which happened nearly three months ago, in response to Todd asking why Trump would send Spicer out to  utter a provable falsehood. Conway played the victim and then threatened Todd for asking questions she doesn t like. And then she said this: Don t be so overly dramatic about it, Chuck. They re saying it s a falsehood and our press secretary, Sean Spicer, gave alternative facts to that. Yes, Conway literally called the lies that Trump ordered Spicer to spew  alternative facts,  and Todd proceeded to hammer Conway for it. Wait a minute. Alternative facts! Four of the five facts that he uttered were just not true. Alternative facts are not facts, they re falsehoods. You sent the press secretary out there to utter a falsehood on the smallest, pettiest thing. And I don t understand why you did it. Conway then played the victim again and told Todd that the media can t prove that Spicer s numbers are wrong. I don t think you can prove those numbers one way or the other. You can laugh at me all you want. You are, and I think it s actually symbolic of the way we re treated by the press. I ll just ignore it. I m bigger than that. I m a kind and gracious person. Here s the video via NBC.But the media has already proven Spicer s claims wrong. Again, we have time-stamped aerial photographs that prove Trump s crowd size was sparse. In fact, at most, Trump drew 750,000, which is smaller than numbers drawn by President Obama in 2009 and 2013.Even PolitiFact rated Spicer s temper tantrum as  pants on fire. Spicer said,  That was the largest audience to witness an inauguration, period. To support his claim, Spicer offered a few pieces of misleading or inaccurate evidence.He said that floor coverings highlighting empty spaces on the National Mall were not used for previous inaugurations, but these were in place for Obama s 2013 inauguration.He claimed metro ridership was higher for Trump s inaugural than for Obama s 2013 inaugural, but he compared numbers for the morning of Obama s inaugural to the whole day for Trump s.Spicer suggested 720,000 attended Trump s inauguration, while organizers said they expected 700,000 to 900,000, and Trump himself estimated 1.5 million. All of those figures are less than the 1.8 million people who attended Obama s 2009 inaugural.We rate Spicer s claim Pants on Fire.Featured image via screenshot",0
2907, Women’s March Now One Of The Most Peaceful Demonstrations In American History,"The numbers are in, and over 3 million men and women of all backgrounds took to the streets all across the nation to protest Donald Trump and his incoming disastrous presidency.In 670 cities throughout the north, south, east and west   in some of the most conservative enclaves like Lubbock, Texas  protestors partook in peaceful demonstrations, and their decorum shined bright.Not one person was arrested, and not incident of violence surfaced.In Washington D.C, over 500,000 men and women gathered on the National Mall, and not one violent act sullied the day, and no arrests made for any reason.In Los Angeles, 750,000 convened (even though police only prepared for 80,000), and like Washington, not one arrest was made and not one incident of violence occurred.In New York City, 400,000 people convened, and not one was arrested.Not only were the demonstrations peaceful and orderly, police officers were deeply involved with the community, expressing solidarity with men and women:DC cops posted across from White House are wearing pink pussyhats and posing for photos with marchers. Big cheers from crowd. #WomensMarch pic.twitter.com/BCP6DO2lQp  Benjamin Freed (@brfreed) January 21, 2017In Atlanta, police officers showed their solidarity with protestors:Cops high-fived marchers as they took to the streets of Atlanta today in solidarity with the #WomensMarch: pic.twitter.com/88nZY7XpKp  WSB-TV (@wsbtv) January 22, 2017Police were respected, protestors were respected, no one got hurt, and a big message was delivered to the President of the United States. How amazing it is to see women, people of color, police and partisans alike come together for one common mission. With the next four years hanging over our heads, more instances like this will be crucial to taking back power in Washington and the state legislatures.To think that a demonstration organized by POC yielded the most peaceful of marches really puts a dent in the media (and the Trump Administration s) perception of minorities and those who protest.To paraphrase one attendee, it was a sea of humanism.The Women s March was, arguably, the largest and most peaceful demonstration in American history. The women of America (once again) showed their strength, and they should be so proud.While punches were thrown at Trump s rallies, hugs and high fives were given at the Women s March. Let that sink in.Featured image via Mario Tama/Getty Images",0
2908, Alec Baldwin Beat Sean Spicer Over The Head With Sean Hannity AND Gave Us Hope In One Epic Tweetstorm (TWEETS),"Sean Spicer got off to a bit of a rocky start as White House press secretary on Saturday when he embarrassed himself, his President, his country, and pretty much anyone who has so much as heard of the United States, with his trainwreck of a press briefing. Spicer chose to kick off his new, exciting, and likely short career by focusing on the issues that matter the most   like Trump s crowd size.Despite a turnout that was dwarfed many times over by a stampede of Nasty Women descending on Washington D.C. to tell Trump to go f*ck himself, Spicer claimed that This was the largest audience to witness an inauguration. Period!  This was, of course, a gigantic lie. According to Spicer, the crowd only looked small because they used  floor coverings  to protect the grass and this somehow transformed a large percentage of the crowd into vampires who were unable to be captured by a single recording device (though we suppose that white area could have been the tops of Trump fans  hoods creating the illusion of an empty space).Alec Baldwin may not have reprised his role as The Donald this week, much to the dismay of an eager populace, but he did stop by Twitter to have some fun with Spicer, delivering a kick to Sean Hannity s deploraballs for good measure.Sean Spicer reminds me of Sean Hannity: another hopped up, no talent white boy who thinks he's right and clever. Both are neither.  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) January 22, 2017Baldwin also dropped an important message of hope on Americans, reminding us that the rallies, the marches, the protests, and everything else that causes Donald Trump to cry himself to sleep at night are a good start, but it is up to each and every one of us to keep hope alive because eventually this nightmare will be over and we will work to fix whatever damage he is able to do together.1- All of today's rallies, marches, protests are a beginning. The great responsibility now is to keep those fires burning.  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) January 22, 20172- Trump and his kleptocratic handlers are banking on everyone hitting the wall, burning out. They are counting on your fatigue.  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) January 22, 20173- I pray that we show them that, while we hit times like these, times of inconceivable bleakness fueled by the avarice and ego of Trump  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) January 22, 20174- this will end. And from this we will find someone, whoever they may be, who will rebuild this government.  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) January 22, 20175- Trump wants to take the principles of American democracy, honed over many years, and smash them out of hatred and fear. Reminds u of ?  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) January 22, 2017Baldwin is right. Saturday, we saw one of the largest civil rights marches in history. The marches need to get bigger, the message that we are not going to tolerate his brand of hatred must get louder, and we as Americans   a nation of people who were forged from and tempered by adversity   need to stand together against anything he throws at us.Featured image via screengrab",0
2909, Trump Gets STEAMROLLED By Ex-CIA Chief For Using CIA Speech To Stroke His Own Ego,"Just as his press secretary, Sean Spicer, made a complete idiot of himself stroking Trump s ego and blasting a flabbergasted White House press corps, Trump himself made a complete idiot of himself addressing the CIA today. Except in Trump s case, he wasn t just dumb, he was offensive. And former CIA chief John Brennan had something to say about it.Standing in front of the CIA s Memorial Wall, Trump whined and cried that the media was lying about his numbers at the inauguration, claiming that there had to have been at least 1.5 million people there. He devoted just a couple of minutes of the entire speech to actually talking to the CIA. In response to that, Brennan said, according to his former chief of staff, Nick Shapiro: Former CIA director Brennan is deeply saddened and angered at Donald Trump s despicable display of self-aggrandizement in front of CIA s Memorial Wall of Agency heroes. Brennan says that Trump should be ashamed of himself. Brennan wasn t alone in this. Another former CIA official said he was embarrassed by Trump s  free-wheeling, narcissistic diatribe.  Yet another said,  Not quite a  this is hallowed ground moment. Former CIA Director Mike Hayden, who is Republican but stood against Trump, actually took a hell of a dig at him for it: I was heartened that the President gave a speech at CIA. It would have been even better if more of it had been about CIA.  [emphasis mine]A DNC senior adviser, Zac Petkanas, issued a blistering statement, too: After he finished ranting about crowd sizes on the National Mall, I hope President Trump sat down for an interview with the CIA to help with their investigation into his team s possible collusion with the Kremlin to win the election. Next, he can sit down with the FBI who have sought warrants to monitor his team for the same reason. For his part, Trump had to drop this piece of insanity into his speech: And I know maybe sometimes you haven t gotten the backing that you ve wanted, and you re going to get so much backing. Maybe you re going to say, please don t give us so much backing. Lords, gods and minor deities, really? That s reminiscent of when he said we were going to start winning so much that we d get tired of it.At least he didn t ask them to raise their hands if they voted for him.We all know Trump has no shame. He loves to lie and he s got his staff lying their asses off for him, too. But this disrespectful display is over the top for a man occupying the highest office in the U.S.Worse, he was greeted by cheering CIA officers when he arrived there, and he proceeded to talk all about himself. That wall, with 117 stars representing agents who have died in the line of duty, is a sacred place. Trump desecrated it with his childish egotism and accusations of lies. Most presidents who speak there choose their words and tones very carefully out of respect for fallen agents and the families they ve left behind.But not Trump! Trump has to make everything all about himself. He deserves to be blasted for it.Photo of John Brennan by Evy Mages/Getty Images, photo of Donald Trump by Olivier Doulier   Pool/Getty Images",0
2910, Saturday Night Live’s Post-Inauguration Opener Was Exactly The Laugh We Needed (VIDEO),"On Friday, Donald Trump   the guy who can t be trusted with a Twitter account   was handed the launch codes to our nuclear weapons and the power to destroy lives. Shortly after our nation handed him the keys to the car, he slammed on the gas and began heading for the cliff s edge, signing an executive order aimed at destroying President Obama s signature healthcare law and removing all mention of civil rights, climate change, and many other topics Republicans conveniently love to ignore as they pursue their ultimate goal of getting rid of all those goddamn brown-skinned people they think are ruining the country. In short, you need a laugh.Fortunately, Saturday Night Live came through for us with a hilarious address to the nation   not from Trump, but from the real winner of the election, Vladimir Putin. Donald, let s talk as friends. You re not off to a great start, man. I thought you d be better at this. However, I m glad to see so many people showed up at your inauguration,  Beck Bennett s Putin said as an image of the Women s March on Washington appeared onscreen. Oh wait, that s the women s march. Here is inauguration.  The image changed to one of The Donald s pathetic Friday crowd.Comparing the crowds at Donald Trump s and Barack Obama s inaugurations https://t.co/U4dIVzCKbH pic.twitter.com/zf8hxVDMpO  The New York Times (@nytimes) January 20, 2017 Today, you went to the CIA and said 1 million people came to see you in Washington, D.C.? If you re going to lie, don t make it so obvious. Say you are friends with Lebron James, not that you are Lebron James,  Putin quipped.Trump and his team spent Saturday making excuses for the terrible crowd. At first, supporters said that people skipped because of rain. This swiftly shifted to the excuse that they all have jobs and needed to go to work. Ultimately, Sean Spicer used his first press conference to inform everyone that it was actually the biggest crowd to ever appear, ever, and that  floor mats  were to blame for hiding all the people. Trump, of course, falsely claimed that one million people showed up   a clear sign that he can never measure up to Obama, for whom 1.8 million people came out from under the floor mats when he was first elected, even in The Donald s fantasies.The next four years will be a complete sh*tshow, but at least we have SNL   at least until Trump follows in his puppetmaster s footsteps and starts killing his critics.Watch the opener below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2911," Republicans Are Bragging That Trump’s Inauguration Broke A Record; No, Not That Record","We ll likely never know exactly how many people attended Donald Trump s inauguration, but despite his claims, the crowd size was much smaller than either of President Obama s inaugurations and much smaller than the Women s March on Washington in protest of Trump.Still, despite a roster of d-list entertainment and too little fanfare, Republicans have to brag that Trump set records, any record, so they found one. According to McClatchy, Trump set the record for numbers of prayers in his inauguration.While for most Americans, that statistic might elicit, at best, a yawn, Sarah Palin (yes, she has a blog now) was the one who jumped on it most enthusiastically, with this clickbait headline:Donald Trump was inaugurated yesterday as America s 45th President yesterday.In the midst of the ceremonies, he set a record and a surprising one, at that.President Trump set the record for the most prayers ever said during an inaugural ceremony.While not as clickbaitey, that non-record record was covered by The Kansas City Star and conservative blogs like Townhall.We weren t the only people noticing the desperation in this story:@kberntson2 @SarahPalinUSA What kind of devout Christian assaults women and stiffs people who work for him? Your kind of Christian? Ugh!!!!!  Judy Cox (@jccox722) January 21, 2017@SarahPalinUSA Also, consider a lot of the praying was people going  Please don t let Trump fuck up the country too badly.  (((Mad Bastard))) (@MadBastard_v2) January 21, 2017@SarahPalinUSA OMG, Sarah, just .just log out of everything  Joe Van Wick (@thejoevanwick) January 21, 2017.@SarahPalinUSA Seriously? A record for the most prayers? Only you would believe the story  Steven B. (@stevenbastian) January 21, 2017@SarahPalinUSA   please get off social media. You re embarrassing yourself.  Kay Look (@KayLook5) January 21, 2017@SarahPalinUSA who gives a shit?  John Sanity (@JohnSanityUSA) January 21, 2017. @SarahPalinUSA I m sure he had to resort to prayer since he also broke the record for the lowest attendance & approval ratings ever.  Mayra Martinez (@MayraMM) January 21, 2017If the implication is that starting an administration is somehow a sign of character, note that the previous prayer record was set by Richard M. Nixon. Of course, Trump has already bypassed Nixon s level of corruption and lies. Many say the country needs the prayers, but the country needs action. Perhaps Trump can set another record for shortest time before impeachment.Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
2912, Trump Said The Media Lied About His PATHETIC Inauguration Crowds. CNN’s Response Is PERFECT (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is absolutely LIVID that the crowd for his presidential inauguration crowd yesterday was so pathetic and small (like his hands) in comparison to the massive turnout for former President Barack Obama s two inaugurations.He started throwing a temper tantrum yesterday, and it s continued into today as the Women s March On Washington drew massive support from around the world, making history as the largest, most widespread protest against a President.The resistance to his presidency has bothered Trump so much that he went off on the media in a speech at the CIA, claiming that the media has been lying about his shamefully low attendance numbers. Despite the fact that many Americans witnessed just how any empty the inauguration was through live footage, Trump is still trying to convince everyone that the media is dishonest. He s gotten so desperate for approval and attention that he actually put photos of the  crowd  (comprised mostly of his own VIPs) in the White House press briefing room in a sorry attempt to show that people actually attended his big day. However, one of Trump s main targets in the press has just hit back.CNN, a network that Trump has called  fake news , ran a segment on Trump s ridiculous claims by talking about Trump s CIA speech. Jim Acosta, a CNN reporter that Trump had attacked recently, explained Trump s numerous comments to his colleague, Jake Tapper. After the long list of childish remarks and behavior was finished, Tapper couldn t have been more hysterical as he completely deadpanned and said: I can t think of anything more important to the American people. The moment was so awkward and perfect, that CNN closed the topic completely   and that s what hurts Trump the most. Nothing makes him more upset than when attention is taken away from him. You can watch this moment below:Featured image via screenshots",0
2913, Trump Press Sec. Claims Inaugural Numbers Were Biggest EVER – Gets RIPPED APART (VIDEO),"Trump s press secretary, Sean Spicer, has wasted no time in letting the media know that reporting anything making Trump look less-than totally awesome will not be tolerated. He took to the White House press room earlier today to scold the press for daring to compare Trump s inaugural numbers to Obama s, when clearly, Trump s numbers were the biggest in history.Yes, he said that. If you re laughing too hard to continue reading at the moment, believe us, we understand fully. Transcribing Spicer s comments was unusually difficult for that very reason.It s just beyond absurd: This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration PERIOD, both in person and around the globe. Even The New York Times printed a photograph showing a misrepresentation of the crowd in the original tweet in their paper, which showed the full extent of the support depth and crowd and inse that existed. These attempts to lessen the enthusiasm of the inauguration are shameful and wrong. What. Just what? The biggest audience to witness an inauguration ever? Of course, Twitter beat him up for this:@seanspicer if your goal is to become a bigger liar than your boss the #Appresident, #chumptytrumpty, you re well on your way.  Stephanie Greenblatt (@StephUGreenb) January 22, 2017How long before Sean Spicer starts babbling incoherently at a press conference?  Thomas Reich (@gollum1419_g) January 22, 2017Hey @seanspicer I figured out who your boss reminds me of: Lord Farquaad with his yuge obsession with size. pic.twitter.com/09xtTjXW2e  Justin Bell (@jabellpepper) January 22, 2017@NYDailyNews factchecks Sean Spicer s clownery. #spicerbriefing #womensmarch https://t.co/frHfHk3Eyn  Gus Bova (@bova_gus) January 22, 2017@seanspicer We know about the deaf & mute bit but now see you re also blind. Congratulation & good luck to spouting Trump s world of LIE s https://t.co/WHXlUQ8ec2  Junji Tatsuno (@jtatsuno) January 22, 2017@FoxNews @seanspicer I can smell your insecurity all the way over here on the west coast, bro.  PDXSEAPEKSFOCHIyep (@PDXSEAPEKSFOCHI) January 22, 2017Let me correct your headline, @npr : Sean Spicer Lied https://t.co/YBhOvjBShU  Kimberly Coleman (@TarpsTwin) January 22, 2017Does he not realize we could see the pictures and the tv footage? Does he not know we all have tvs and the Internet?@POTUS @seanspicer https://t.co/P0cDsN4AEW  Ithinkitscatchy (@Ithinkitscatchy) January 22, 2017@seanspicer how s it feel to be sowing fascist propaganda? You re a fool, a chump, and in no way a patriot. Shame on you. @realDonaldTrump  Lily Turner (@LTurner01) January 22, 2017 Sean Spicer  said it was the largest inauguration turnout. He meant  inauguration protest  turnout.  Chuck Nigash (@lightfallstudio) January 22, 2017@markberman @BadASSSery @seanspicer Spicer, you re a LIAR. No integrity. No morals. No ethics. Just a plain old liar in a bad suit.  Nikki (@nikkikl) January 22, 2017@seanspicer Day 1 & you just lost all credibility with Americans. I along with other Americans watched the live feeds. The world s watching  I SEE STUPID PEOPLE (@ICSTUPIDPEOPLE_) January 22, 2017@FoxNews @seanspicer what an angry liar!  Jose E. Ralat (@Kiketron) January 22, 2017And so much more. A Twitter search for  Sean Spicer  reveals thousands of excoriating tweets.But Spicer likely doesn t care. He also said this in his  speech: We know that from the platform, where the president was sworn in to 4th street, holds about 250,000 people. From 4th Street to the media tent holds about 220,000, and the media tent to the Washington monument another 250,000 people. Yeah, that s still not one million people, let alone 1.8 million, Mr. Spicer. No wonder all of Twitter is on your back. Not only do the photographs and screencaps from the live feed prove you a liar, but you thought you could turn your lies into truth by yelling at the press. You, sir, are just as ridiculous as your boss.Watch him lie his ass off below, beginning at the 1:36:05 mark:Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2914," Trump Whines About The Size Of His Inauguration Crowd, Threatens Media For Reporting Accurate Numbers","Rather than do the damn job he swore to do, Donald Trump is now obsessed with complaining about media estimates of his inauguration crowd size.Trump had predicted that his inauguration would draw a record-breaking crowd. To break the record, which is held by President Obama in 2008, Trump would have had to get over 1.8 million people to show up.But he didn t even get half a million as aerial photographs and reports from the DC Metro show that Trump s audience left a hell of a lot of empty space in the National Mall.During a visit to the CIA, Trump complained about the media reports and claimed that his crowd numbered at least 1.5 million. We had a massive field of people. You saw that. Packed,  Trump claimed.  I get up this morning and I turn on one of the networks and they show an empty field. I said,  Wait a minute, I made a speech.  I looked out. The field was it looked like a million, a million and a half people,  Trump said.  They showed a field where there were practically nobody standing there. They said,  Donald Trump did not draw well.  It looked honestly like a million and a half people, whatever it was, it was, but it went all the way back to the Washington Monument and I turn on, by mistake, I get this network, and it showed an empty field. Said we drew 250,000 people. Now, that s not bad. But it s a lie. We had 250,000 people in the little ball that we constructed. Trump then insisted that the entire National Mall was packed all the way to the Washington Monument and then warned the media that they will  pay a price  for accurately reporting the numbers.Here s the video via Twitter:President Trump on crowd size at inauguration:  It looked like a million and a half people.  https://t.co/U5pWhBBMzt https://t.co/NX6vI6UTHR  CNN (@CNN) January 21, 2017Yes, up near the Capitol where Trump spoke was clearly packed, but the National Mall definitely was not.In fact, we can compare Trump s inauguration attendance to President Obama s in 2009 with photographs taken at the same time just before the inaugural address was delivered.For those saying  Trump can t be that hated, look at the size of the crowd    #Inauguration pic.twitter.com/Sczp6Feta5  Stefan Kay (@5tefanK) January 20, 2017What is shown is that President Obama s crowd reaches all the way to the Washington Monument in the photo on the left, while Trump s crowd is, indeed, sparse and does NOT reach the Washington Monument as he claims.Apparently, Trump is thinking of President Obama s inauguration crowd instead of his own.And the DC Metro statistics corroborate the photos.Metro Ridership: As of 11am, 193k trips taken so far today. (11am 1/20/13 = 317k, 11am 1/20/09 = 513k, 11am 1/20/05 = 197k) #wmata  Metro (@wmata) January 20, 2017The fact is that simply by looking at the photo it is possible to estimate the crowd size, and Trump s claim just doesn t match up with reality.Furthermore, it s incredibly disturbing that Trump continues to threaten the media for telling the truth about him, especially when there is photographic evidence that proves him wrong.Trump owes the media a public apology and then he needs to focus on the presidency instead of engaging in petty feuds with the free press.He s just mad because the size of the Women s March in Washington dwarfs his crowd size.Featured image via screenshot",0
2915, White House Officials Admit That Trump LIED About Writing His Own Inaugural Address,"Donald Trump has been bragging about his inaugural address all week, and even claimed that he wrote it himself. Today, Trump s own White House admitted he lied.Earlier this week, Trump posted a staged photo of himself with pen and paper in hand  writing  the divisive and negative inaugural address that is now known as the worst in American history.Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday. #Inauguration pic.twitter.com/S701FdTCQu  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 18, 2017And CNN reported that  Trump told guests at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida, as well as presidential historian Douglas Brinkley, that he planned to write the speech himself. Trump delivered the speech on Friday, portraying America as a post-apocalyptic wasteland, where inner cities are full of crime and criminals, and the citizenry suffers in great poverty while our military is crippled, all of which are complete lies.And now the negative reviews of Trump s speech are bruising Trump s fragile ego so much that he allowed the White House to confirm that he didn t write it himself.The blame is now on Trump s white supremacist chief adviser, Steve Bannon, and adviser Stephen Miller.According to the Wall Street Journal,Much of the speech was written by Stephen Miller and Steve Bannon, two of Mr. Trump s top advisers, a White House official said. I don t think we ve had a speech like that since Andrew Jackson came to the White House,  said Mr. Bannon, Mr. Trump s chief strategist and senior counselor.  It s got a deep, deep root of patriotism. So Trump is literally starting his presidency with a lie, which shows the country and the world what kind of a president he will be.One has to wonder if Trump actually contributed anything to that speech, or if he just let others do his job for him like he is going to do over the next four years.Let s be honest. There was nothing patriotic about that speech. It was a depressing and divisive speech that hurt America s image around the world.It was a pathetic inaugural address delivered in front of an equally pathetic inauguration audience that will go down in history as a horribly pathetic moment, which, hopefully, we can live long enough to put behind us in four years when we have a chance to oust Trump and put someone in office who will fix the disastrous mess he and the Republican Congress will cause.Featured image via Twitter",0
2916, Trump Delivers First Embarrassing Spelling Error Of His Presidency And Gets HUMILIATED By Twitter,"Well, no one will ever call Donald Trump the  speller-in-chief,  especially after this typo.Just a day after trashing the American public education system in his divisive and negative inaugural address, Trump took to Twitter once again on Saturday to pat himself on the back and suck up to his supporters. There was just one problem: He misspelled a word that even a fourth grader can spell.Trump quickly deleted it, but it was saved in the name of posterity via screenshot.Trump then posted his corrected version.I am honored to serve you, the great American People, as your 45th President of the United States!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 21, 2017The error might be more understandable if the  e  and the  o  were next to each other on the keyboard, but they are nowhere near each other.Twitter, of course, made sure that Trump was properly humiliated.@realDonaldTrump Finally spelled it right lmao pic.twitter.com/j0Ex44ow9W  sam morrison (@SamTheCobra) January 21, 2017@rhowardbrowne @realDonaldTrump How can you be  blessed  by a president who don t know how to write  honored  ? And it s not just that..  Koivai.C Tahiti :)! (@eleonorechap) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump First tweet as President and you had to redo it for spelling. What else will you f*** up?  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump You have zero honor anywhere within you hunny, that word when spoken by you should be burning a hole in your tongue  Diva (@sammypolsen12) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump #TrumpFraud #MAGA #TrumpTrain #PUTINGATE #TrumpleThinSkin #TheResistance #TreasonousTrump #TrumpTrainCRASH @Rosie pic.twitter.com/uUShenmaDR  Diva (@sammypolsen12) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump you can t fix it   the people see you can t spell #WomensMarch #RESIGN pic.twitter.com/DnD4cYCGB0  RISE UP RISE UP (@reifman) January 21, 2017.@realDonaldTrump In case you think we missed it the 1st time around. We are watching. #TrumpTreason #ReleaseYourTaxes #PutinsPuppet pic.twitter.com/gZmnHcxhU7  Alan Bennett Ilagan (@alanilagan) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump nice try pic.twitter.com/d6q0iJjTOl  Tyler Conway (@jtylerconway) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump At least we know you ll get the nukes launched right the second time.  Matt Peterson (@mattbpete) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump Are you also  honered  to be the most illiterate President of the United States? pic.twitter.com/OCTHepOsX9  david nuzzy nussbaum (@theNuzzy) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump Wait a minute!! You just deleted (destroyed) your tweet (federal record). EMAILS EMAILS EMAILS!!!  david nuzzy nussbaum (@theNuzzy) January 21, 2017Indeed, Trump just deleted a tweet that he made as the president, which could be a violation of the Presidential Records Act. Misspelled or not, deleting messages is something that he criticized Hillary Clinton for doing throughout his campaign. Now he is doing it himself, only he s in an office higher than Secretary of State.Seriously, Trump is the f*cking president now, but he apparently still doesn t proofread his tweets before posting them. That s pretty pathetic, and a bad example for our kids to boot. And considering his attacks on our education system and Hillary Clinton, Trump is only demonstrating once again that he is a hypocrite.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
2917, Donald Trump Will Throw A Hissy Fit After Reading George Will’s Review Of His Inaugural Address,"Donald Trump thinks his inaugural address was the best ever. George Will emphatically disagrees.As it became clear that Trump would be the Republican nominee last year, the longtime conservative columnist left the Republican Party in disgust.Trump, of course, lashed out by calling Will  overrated.  But Will fired back by nailing Trump s lack of intelligence.And after Will s review of Trump s speech, it looks like it s only a matter of time before Trump lashes out again.Trump delivered his inaugural address on Friday as a pathetic crowd watched and cheered after every word he uttered.Trump lied repeatedly and made promises he won t keep while portraying America as an apocalyptic wasteland where poverty and crime reign and the military is crippled. It was a divisive and negative speech that ignores all the progress America made over the last eight years after a devastating recession nearly flattened our economy.But Trump thinks his speech was great and Fox News stroked his fragile ego by agreeing with him.George Will, however, was not impressed. Twenty minutes into his presidency, Donald Trump, who is always claiming to have made, or to be about to make, astonishing history, had done so,  Will began in his column for the Washington Post.  Living down to expectations, he had delivered the most dreadful inaugural address in history. Will took on Kellyanne Conway s promise that Trump s speech would be  elegant. This is not the adjective that came to mind as he described  American carnage,  Will wrote.  That was a phrase the likes of which has never hitherto been spoken at an inauguration. Oblivious to the moment and the setting, the always remarkable Trump proved that something dystopian can be strangely exhilarating: In what should have been a civic liturgy serving national unity and confidence, he vindicated his severest critics by serving up reheated campaign rhetoric about  rusted out factories scattered like tombstones across the landscape  and an education system producing students  deprived of all knowledge.  Yes, all. But cheer up,  Will continued.  Because the carnage will vanish if we  follow two simple rules: Buy American and hire American.   Simple  is the right word. Indeed, Trump literally said this and tweeted it on Friday even though he doesn t obey those two rules himself.Will went on to reference Ronald Reagan s first inauguration and responded directly to Trump s declaration that  What truly matters is not which party controls our government but whether our government is controlled by the people  by cleverly quoting words James Madison would use today to comment on Trump s rise to the presidency. A dependence on the people,  James Madison wrote,  is, no doubt, the primary control on the government; but experience has taught mankind the necessity of auxiliary precautions.  He meant the checks and balances of our constitutional architecture. They are necessary because, as Madison anticipated and as the nation was reminded on Friday,  Enlightened statesmen will not always be at the helm. Mic. Dropped. And now we wait for Donald Trump s temper tantrum.Featured image via screenshot",0
2918, WATCH: Ashley Judd Takes Trump Down At Women’s March With Epic Poem,"The Women s March on Washington crowd blew Trump s inauguration audience out of the water on Saturday, but actress Ashley Judd delivered the kick to the balls Trump deserves.After months of being insulted on the campaign trail, hundreds of thousands of women rose up and traveled to our nation s capital to protest their attacker becoming the new president.Trump repeatedly attacked women by insulting their looks and even got caught admitting that he gropes women without their consent. Multiple women have come forward with their own stories of Trump sexually assaulting them and being a creep in general.After the Republican National Convention in July, Judd shared her own experiences of being ogled by Trump. I ve known Donald for 15, 17 years?  Judd told Jezebel. I m friends with someone who married into the family. Anyway, I would bump into him at the U.S. Open, for example, and I think I can say the amount of time he has spent looking at my chest rather than my face is proportional to his insanity and functionality. If I may, this is what it s like to talk to Donald Trump,  she continued.  He s a chest gazer, a breast gazer, let s be more specific and, referring to the person who at that time was married into the family, he just sexualized her.  Doesn t she look great? Doesn t she look ?  He s just revolting. And Judd continued blasting Trump by reading a poem written by 19-year-old Nina Donovan in response to Trump remarks about grabbing women  by the p*ssy. I am a nasty woman. Not as nasty as a man who looks like he bathes in Cheeto dust, a man whose words are a dis to America, Electoral College-sanctioned hate speech contaminating this national anthem. I m not as nasty as Confederate flags being tattooed across my city. The poem continued by slamming racism and the new slavery of the prison system before nailing Trump for pandering to neo-Nazis. I feel Hitler in these streets, Nazis renamed I am not as nasty as racism, fraud, conflict of interest, homophobia, sexual assault, transphobia, white supremacy, misogyny, ignorance, white privilege. The poem then referenced Trump s creepy obsession with his daughter Ivanka. I m not as nasty as your daughter being your favorite sex symbol, like your wet dreams infused with your own genes. Judd then concluded the poem. Our p*ssies ain t for grabbing. This p*ssy is for my pleasure and giving birth to more nasty women. Here s the video via YouTube:If Donald Trump was listening, he must be throwing a hissy fit right now.Featured image screenshot",0
2919, WATCH: Bill Maher Returns And Hilariously Mocks Drug Addicted Red States For Voting Trump,"Bill Maher returned from break just in time for Donald Trump s inauguration and dedicated one of his  New Rules  to the red states that have massive drug addiction problems.Maher began by telling liberals that they need to stop calling Trump supporters  rubes and simpletons,  and  feel their pain  instead.Maher even proved that Trump supporters are truly in pain because he pointed out that of the 14 states that have the highest number of painkiller prescriptions in the country, all of them voted for Trump.Trump also won 80 percent of the states that have the biggest heroin problem, including the counties Trump won in Ohio and Pennsylvania. In other words, people voted for Trump because they were on drugs and out of their f*cking minds. So lets stop calling Trump supporters idiots and fools and call them what they are: f*cking drug addicts!  Maher said.Maher then proceeded to blast conservatives for being hypocrites because they ve been labeling liberals as drug addicts for decades but they are now the ones plagued by heroin and painkillers to the point where these states literally are flipping to Republicans.Maher noted that Trump s best state was West Virginia, where people pop over 400 painkillers per person. West Virginia s mascot is a dilated pupil,  Maher quipped. Maher also pointed out that Wisconsin has been turning redder and redder since 2008 and now has a major heroin epidemic that has caused the number of drug deaths to quadruple. I never thought I would hear myself say this, but kids, don t do heroin. It s a gateway to being a Republican,  Maher continued.Maher continued by trying to teach conservatives how to deal with being high without doing crazy shit like voting for Trump.  We get high and bid a thousand bucks for a Beatles lunchbox on eBay, you got high and ordered a president from Moscow. He then concluded the segment by telling drug addled conservative to  ignore the asshole across the bar who keeps staring at you staring at you, that s a mirror. Here s the video via YouTube:Featured image via screenshot",0
2920, It’s Official: Women’s March Overtakes Inauguration Attendance,"What happens when the most vile, sexist chauvinist is elected President of the United States (after 11 women accuse him of sexual harassment)? Women take to the streets, and fight for their right to be treated like human beings.And that s exactly what happened.It s no secret: Donald Trump s inauguration had poor attendance (250,000 compared to Obama s 1.8 million). He promised that it would be a  huge  and glorious event, and it wasn t   not by a long shot.But do you want to know was a huge a glorious event?The Women s March.According to the Washington Post:Organizers, who originally sought a permit for a gathering of 200,000, said Saturday they now expect as many as a half million participants   potentially dwarfing Friday s inaugural crowd.The March is expecting up to 500,000 attendees, doubling that of the President of the United States  inauguration. A mom from Hawaii started it all on Facebook just after the election, and she has successfully beaten out the efforts of a $200 million inauguration for the leader of the free world.Say that out loud if need be.The D.C. Metro was swamped, forcing long and crowded lines that took several hours to overcome, and parking in the downtown Capitol Hill area had been full as early as 8 a.m., forcing other protestors to seek parking miles away.You didn t see any of this at Trump s inauguration.This is what happens when Republican men mess with the women of America. Ask Clarence Thomas and Todd Aiken what it s like. Now Donald Trump can be added to that good old boys club that s going to blow it for the GOP in 2018.Trump has put the Violence Against Women on the chopping block and is now being sued in court by one of his accusers, and women are more than ready to take him on full force   and this march is just the beginning.Feminist icon Gloria Steinem was amazed by the size of the crowd, saying,  This is the upside of the downside. This is an outpouring of democracy like I ve never seen in my very long life. When Gloria Steinem   who has participated in hundreds of women s marches in her life   is amazed, that says something.The resistance is being led by the women of America.Hell hath no fury like a scorned woman, and Trump and the Congressional GOP are soon going to realize that.Featured image via Twitter",0
2921, Trump Thanks Fox News For Kissing His A** And Gets Appropriately HAMMERED For It,"Donald Trump s Inaugural Address received poor reviews for it s divisive and negative tone, not to mention the countless lies and promises he won t keep. But apparently, Fox News liked it that way.Trump portrayed America as a dystopian wasteland where inner cities are run by criminals, the military is crippled, and poverty is a plague across the land even though crime is down, the economy is strong with unemployment below five percent, and the military is the most funded in the world.Trump also suggested that President Obama was a tyrant who kept control of the government away from the people even though President Obama was duly elected by the people in 2008 and 2012 with a bigger popular vote and electoral vote margins than Trump received in 2016.Fox News, however, loved Trump s speech and Trump appreciated them kissing his ass so he tweeted about it on Saturday morning.A fantastic day and evening in Washington D.C.Thank you to @FoxNews and so many other news outlets for the GREAT reviews of the speech!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 21, 2017And Twitter users had no problem trashing Trump for it.@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews The speech had such a 1930s classic feel to it. That s just Mein opinion.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) January 21, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Going to the Women s March today?  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews #Trump s #Inauguration speech was the worst in U.S. history. It was nativist and jingoistic.  Jeffrey Guterman (@JeffreyGuterman) January 21, 2017@Ausbiz @JeffreyGuterman @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews: It s being said he plagiarized a portion of it from the Batman villain Bane. ?  Tony Barbaro (@tony_barbaro) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump Reviews? This wasn t opening night of an off-Broadway musical!  Luke Royes (@lukeroyes) January 21, 2017.@realDonaldTrump don t you have a job to be doing instead of watching TV?  Oliver Willis (@owillis) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews the speech was weak #RealNews  anton newcombe (@antonnewcombe) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews reviews??? what are you talking about? it s not meant to be a performance. it s supposed to be REAL.  ilana glazer (@ilazer) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/suLAUcpV37  Mike Suskie (@MikeSuskie) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump This might be the first humblebrag by a US President ever. Actually, I think it s a straight up brag. A cry for attention.  MatthewDicks (@MatthewDicks) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump wait until you see how many people march today, it will humiliate you  Matt Moskovciak (@MattMoskovciak) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Go to sleep & dream about how you might improve yourself & the plight of others. Seriously. That s the job now.  steve taylor (@thatstevetaylor) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews if by  fantastic  you mean the worst night in our history then yes it was fantastic.  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) January 21, 2017@realDonaldTrump But we all know @FoxNews isn t truthful. Honest reviews said your speech was shit. It was small -minded, mean and divisive. pic.twitter.com/uxLN9vCCQu  Jack Schofield (@jackschofield) January 21, 2017Donald Trump is pathetic and so is Fox News for sucking up to him.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2922," Trump Just SHUT DOWN ALL Of The Department Of The Interior’s Twitter Accounts, Because Reasons","The Department of the Interior has a Twitter account just like pretty much everyone else these days, including government agencies. But it seems that those agencies aren t immune to censorship from our dear, sweet, thin-skinned, narcissistic Cheeto-in-Chief. The Department of the Interior was ordered to shut down its Twitter accounts Friday evening after the National Park Service had the gall to post two, ahem, unflattering tweets.The first has been flying around social media, and has to do with Trump s pathetically dismal crowds, particularly in comparison to Obama s crowds for both of his inaugurations:The second tweet made note of gaps in policy on the new White House website, including scrubbing the site of anything having to do with civil rights, LGBTQ rights, climate change and the ACA.Apparently, it was a Park Service employee who retweeted these things, and either Trump himself couldn t handle it and wanted to show them who s really boss now, or the Dept. of the Interior is afraid enough of Trump to not only delete those two tweets, but comply with an order to shut down their entire Twitter presence. The Washington Post got hold of the email with that order: All bureaus and the department have been directed by incoming administration to shut down Twitter platforms immediately until further notice. It would actually be understandable for them to delete the offending tweets and reprimand, reassign, or even fire the employee responsible. But to have to shut down their entire Twitter presence because of two goddamn tweets from one agency?Welcome to Trump s America.The department has dozens of official Twitter accounts across ten agencies, but that email was described as an  urgent directive  with which they had to comply.An official with knowledge of the incident sounds a bit like he s been cowed:A government official familiar with the stand-down said the agency is investigating whether the retweets were purposeful,  errant  or  whether we ve been hacked. They were not reflective of Park Service policy,  said the official, who requested anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the directive. The stand-down was  precautionary  until the agency completes a review of its Twitter accounts, the official said.This is terrifying. This is dictatorial behavior, not the behavior of an incoming president who believes in democracy.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2923, Donald Trump Even Stole The Cake Design From Obama’s 2013 Inauguration (TWEETS),"At this point, it s fair to ask,  What is Donald Trump s deal?  From allegedly paying Russian prostitutes to  drain the swamp  all over a bed because Obama once slept in it to stealing a photo from our last legitimate President s inauguration and attempting to pass it off as one of his own, to erasing as much of Obama s agenda as he could from the White House website, to immediately going for Obamacare s throat, it almost feels like The Donald s only purpose is to erase the President s legacy and douse it in Russian lady pee. Now, it seems, he even stole a cake design from Obama.Duff Goldman, aka the  Ace of Cakes  made a very nice cake for the inaugural celebration. According to Eater, it weighed between 40 and 50 pounds, stood about four feet tall, and featured  red velvet, lemon poppy seed, pumpkin chocolate chip and pineapple coconut flavors.  Goldman designed the cake to honor all five branches of the military by displaying each of their seals prominently on the side of the cake   basically, it s patriotic as f*ck. Here is a photo of Trump, Pence, and one of the few immigrants they like admiring the cake:WASHINGTON, DC   JANUARY 20: President Donald Trump, his wife First Lady Melania Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and Karen Pence clap before cutting the cake during A Salute To Our Armed Services Inaugural Ball at the National Building Museum on January 20, 2017 in Washington, DC. President Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th President of the United States today. (Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images)Here s the thing, though: Goldman didn t make that cake for Trump   he made it for Obama in 2013. Trump just stole the design. The cake on the left is the one I made for President Obama s inauguration 4 years ago,  Goldman wrote on Twitter Friday.  The one on the right is Trumps. I didn t make it. The cake on the left is the one I made for President Obama's inauguration 4 years ago. The one on the right is Trumps. I didn't make it. ? pic.twitter.com/qJXpCfPhii  Duff Goldman (@Duff_Goldman) January 21, 2017At this point, we have to ask who the f*ck plagiarizes a cake? Yes, that s right   Trump plagiarizes a cake. Naturally, even the folks on Twitter were kind of surprised that Trump would steal a cake design   and much mockery ensued:@SunchBunny @Duff_Goldman Or urine.  Ahmad Childress (@AhmadChildress) January 21, 2017@Duff_Goldman @RemembrancerBex THEY PLAGARIZED THE FUCKING CAKE  LittleOrphan Li0ness (@Li0ness_LoL) January 21, 2017@Li0ness_LoL @Duff_Goldman what the fuck ISN'T wrong w/ these schmucks?!  Bex-a-boo (@RemembrancerBex) January 21, 2017@GamingLawyerJ @RemembrancerBex @Duff_Goldman the real question is if it's like all things Obama to Trump  soaked in pee.  LittleOrphan Li0ness (@Li0ness_LoL) January 21, 2017@Duff_Goldman what haven't they copied or plagiarized? jeez.  Sahil Lavingia (@shl) January 21, 2017@Duff_Goldman wow, they even copied the placement of each star ?  Riley (@heyrilo) January 21, 2017@NewaHailu @Duff_Goldman Like somewhere there's a creepy altar to Obama in Trump's house where he touches himself. pic.twitter.com/IomuQ7VvSY  April Pendley? (@morphisa) January 21, 2017@Duff_Goldman @TheSciBabe even the cake is plagiarized?!??  RitaC   (@rchakras) January 21, 2017@clt92 Who plagiarizes a cake, FFS!?!?!? @Duff_Goldman  MBBrownSF (@MBBrownSF) January 21, 2017.@Duff_Goldman Looks like Melania baked the cake  Ian McCellan (@IanMcCellan) January 21, 2017@Duff_Goldman for fuck's sake, these people. First plagiarized speeches, now plagiarized cakes.  Lexistential (@lexistential) January 21, 2017@Duff_Goldman They stole your design after Melania failed to come through. Fortunately someone took a photo of her cake before it was binned pic.twitter.com/fFJYzUChcL  Tan Joll (@Cukeyishere) January 21, 2017At this point, Trump s seeming desire to both be and destroy Obama is looking, well, pretty fucking crazy. But, hey   if this trend continues, maybe we ll see Donaldcare (an exact replica of the Affordable Care Act with an idiot s name attached) appear as Trump s  replacement.  It s not like he has a plan of his own.Featured image via screengrab",0
2924, Trump Just Waved His Magic Wand And Made Major Information On Climate Change Disappear (IMAGES),"The White House s official website used to have lengthy pages on several topics, including climate change, the ACA, LGBTQ rights and civil rights, among other things. The instant the clock struck noon in Washington, though, Trump and his admin furiously began scrubbing the site of pretty much everything they don t like.Obama once had a very long and detailed page dedicated exclusively to fighting climate change, which is an issue that s growing in importance. 2015 was once the hottest year on record. Now 2016 is the hottest year on record. In other words, the planet is heating faster and faster, according to real science, but Trump and his administration still seem to think climate change is either a hoax, or it s a nuisance to be destroyed.Otherwise Trump wouldn t have appointed Scott Pruitt, a lying climate denier as head of the EPA, which he also happens to be suing (or was).Scientists have been scrambling to preserve as much government climate data as possible in recent weeks, downloading everything to a network of servers in Canada where Herr Trump can t touch it. And now their fears that Trump wants to squash talk of man-made climate change are starting to play out.Trump s only mention of anything having to do with the environment is his  America First Energy Plan.  That plan is committed to rolling back EPA rules and expanding fossil fuel operations because that s obviously the magic bullet we need for jobs, energy growth and the environment (the truth was spoken by a coal miner who, on Dec. 22, blasted any ideas that we can actually bring coal jobs back to coal country to smithereens).Where once there was a fount of information, a search for  climate change,   global warming,  and anything along those lines on the White House s site suddenly reveals a whole lot of nothing.  It s completely normal for whitehouse.gov to change rapidly with an incoming administration, but it doesn t appear to be customary to scrub all references to absolutely everything the incoming administration has been sneering at the whole time.Motherboard s Jason Koebler made this all the more ominous by saying: Scientists I ve spoken to who are archiving websites say they expect scientific data on the NASA, NOAA, Department of Energy, and EPA websites to be neglected or deleted eventually. They say they don t expect agency sites to be updated immediately, but expect it to play out over the course of months. This sort of low-key data destruction might not be the type of censorship people typically think about, but scientists are treating it as such. Do we really have to wonder whether Trump will try and censor all climate change information everywhere? No, we really do not.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2925, Trump Immediately Erases Civil Rights And LGBT Pages On White House Website (IMAGES),"Donald Trump hasn t even been in office for a day and he is already declaring that gay people and people of color don t matter.Despite saying that he will work for all Americans during his inaugural address, his actions speak much louder than his words.As soon as he took control of the White House s website on Friday after the inauguration, Trump immediately removed pages from the  issues  section that deal with civil rights, the LGBT community, climate change, and healthcare.Here are some images grabbed by The Daily Beast.Trump replaced the Civil Rights page with a page supporting law enforcement that calls for more police officers and libels inner cities as crime-ridden and black people as criminals. In our nation s capital, killings have risen by 50 percent,  the site claims, which is a lie that the Daily Beast pointed out, saying,  homicides in Washington, D.C. were down in 2016 over 2015. Apparently, Trump s idea of civil rights for black people is hiring more racist police officers to execute them.Looking for some of these pages now redirects people to a page where Trump can send his gullible supporters bullshit propaganda.Clearly, Donald Trump intends to ignore civil rights and the LGBT community for the next four years as Republicans rush to legalize discrimination.This is especially frightening since Trump nominated the very racist Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions as his Attorney General, and has already decided to slash funding for the Civil Rights Division of the Justice Department.This is how quick democracy is dying in America. Trump hasn t even been in charge for a day and he is already attacking civil rights and the LGBT community. By removing both issues from the White House website, Trump just announced that he doesn t care about either.America is under attack from within and we can t afford to wait until 2018 to do something about it.Featured image via the Daily Beast",0
2926, We’re Not F*cking With You: Trump Stole Part Of His First Presidential Speech From A Batman Villain (VIDEO),"If you thought it was hilarious that Trump s 2020 slogan was directly lifted from a promotional poster for  The Purge, you re in for a treat when you realize that he quoted a Batman villain during his first speech as President. Today, we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another or from one party to another,  Trump told his tiny, tiny crowd of less than a quarter-million on Friday,  But we are transferring power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the people. Trump says he wrote his speech himself, apparently after watching  The Dark Knight Rises.  The Internet was quick to notice similarities to a speech given by Batman villain Bane:Guys  Donald Trump quoted Bane in his #Inauguration speech! pic.twitter.com/tVZQ4ppgPK  Batman-News.com (@BatmanNewsCom) January 20, 2017Trump definitely quoted Bane about 4 times  ? #TrumpInauguration pic.twitter.com/x9OttdDttk  Manchester Guestlist (@VIPMCRuk) January 20, 2017""The Rich! The oppressors of generations who have kept you down with myths of opportunity, and we give it back to you, the people"" pic.twitter.com/2v8U0V2R2C  Jim Lee (@meanJim) January 20, 2017Trump plagiarized Bane from batman in his speech  https://t.co/llNyQcAFUt  Tyler Good (@tylerg00d) January 20, 2017Find a president who can do both   @freshboyrdee @BatmanNewsCom pic.twitter.com/NrjOgNrQuT  MEGATRON (@MEGATRON_BWC) January 20, 2017People are comparing Trump to Bane from Batman but if I remember correctly at least Bane stood up to Wall Street  Danny Gold (@DGisSERIOUS) January 20, 2017Donald trump loves quoting villains in movies first the slogan from the purge and now bane from Batman  La Flame (@brotado40) January 20, 2017I DID NOT plager .plajur .copy my speech from #Bane in #batman. FALSE NEWS .PROVE IT! #Inauguration #TrumpInauguration #trump45 #trump https://t.co/C2L4gjoNDQ  Dogald J. Trump (@dogaldtrump) January 20, 20172016: Melania steals from a Michelle Obama speech2017: Trump steals from a Bane speech2018: Pence steals from an Emperor Palpatine speech  Noah Kinsey (@thenoahkinsey) January 20, 2017Trump is giving the same speech that Bane gives in The Dark Knight Rises before he empties out the jail #Inauguration  Stitchell?? (@GarryStitchell) January 20, 2017You know, it is probably appropriate that Trump would quote a deranged killer who took control of a city, emptied the prisons, proclaimed martial law, and threatened to blow everyone in the city up if they didn t comply with his authority. It s going to be just like the movies.Unfortunately, Batman is not real and will not be here to protect us from Trump. It is up to each of you to do all that you can to ensure that this real-life villain does not win. Oppose him at every turn, or we lose Gotham America as we know it.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images/screengrab",0
2927, Trump’s First Action In Office: Hurt The Poor As Quickly As Possible,"The first thing that Donald Trump had planned on doing upon taking office was issue a bunch of executive orders canceling a bunch of executive orders. That s one promise he s making good on already, but rescinding a lot of things Obama did will harm a lot of people.During Obama s last week in office, he announced a reduction in FHA fees from .85 percent to .60 percent. That may not sound like a lot, but given that mortgages are in the hundreds of thousands, that reduction can actually provide some relief to low-income and first-time borrowers. That s what Trump has canceled.The Department of Housing and Urban Development is now under the auspices of the less-than-experienced-and-intelligent Ben Carson, who was disappointed that Obama didn t consult him about this. He was also disappointed that Obama and the FHA announced it so close to the end of his presidency.Which is, of course, ridiculous   until Obama had officially left office and Trump was officially sworn in, he could continue his work as the leader of this country. But Republicans have spent the last year acting like a president has no right to act during his entire last year of office, though, so of course Carson was upset.Republicans claim that lowering those rates will hurt taxpayers because it will hurt funding for the FHA. From the group that wants to destroy the mortgage-interest deduction homeowners claim on their taxes, though, that s rich. In reality, this is another attack on the poor and the young.It s important to note that what the FHA program does is provide insurance for mortgages, rather than doing the actual loans themselves. On a $200,000 home, the annual fee is $1,700. The reduction Obama wanted would have reduced that to $1,200. An extra $500 per year doesn t sound like much, but for both low-income and first-time homebuyers, that extra $500 can go a very long way.What does Trump and his administration care, though? Their logic very likely boils down to,  If you can t afford to buy, then just freaking rent. It s not that hard.  Well, actually, yes it is in many markets where average rents are higher than average mortgages. In fact, in August 2016, monthly rents were higher than monthly mortgage payments in markets across 42 states.Housing groups were divided on this, but many did want Obama s reduction because they believed it could have helped spur some home-buying. Without that reduction, though, there will be fewer low-income people who can afford a loan, and will have trouble affording to rent housing too. That can push them into worse areas with fewer jobs, and it s a downward spiral.Thanks, Trump.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2928, Trump Just Posted Two Rules For This Country On Twitter That He Doesn’t Obey Himself,"Donald Trump literally just posted the ultimate  do what I say, not as I do  tweet and got ripped to shreds for being a hypocrite.After delivering a depressing Inaugural Address on Friday that was full of lies and promises he won t keep, Trump took to Twitter to post some snippets of his speech and included two rules that he expects everyone to follow, except himself of course.We will follow two simple rules: BUY AMERICAN & HIRE AMERICAN!#InaugurationDay #MAGA??  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 20, 2017Yes, the man who buys materials for his hotels from overseas and has his products made by overseas laborers literally commanded Americans to buy American made goods and to hire American workers.And the Internet gleefully took Trump to the woodshed for it.@realDonaldTrump lollllll k pic.twitter.com/DwjwUuQKmr  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump buy ..American? pic.twitter.com/fXvDy5mbJp  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 20, 2017@JordanUhl @realDonaldTrump That s a typo. He meant  buy America .  Kristina Harbeson (@RNKit30) January 20, 2017@RNKit30 @JordanUhl @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/o7UwHrgcWY  Trump s tweet Editor (@Spyhuntress) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump why is your tie you just wore made in china tho???????? https://t.co/qJaWOofVKL  snck   (@SNCKPCK) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump so you will no longer use foreign labor for your clothes line or hire foreign workers at Mar a Lago?  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump Are you? Your stupid ties aren t made in the USA.  Ben Berkon (@BenBerkon) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/IOgBHxpa3i  Austin Gebbia (@DearMorni) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump You didn t even follow those rules.  Peter Jackson (@pjackson_nl) January 20, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Buy American? pic.twitter.com/PPDEa7I5TO  Im genes Hist ricas (@HistoriaEnFotos) January 20, 2017.@realDonaldTrump  Hire American ?Just days after election you applied to hire foreign workers pic.twitter.com/Ie7QVrZQCE  Adam Khan (@Khanoisseur) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump Try it with your own business first! pic.twitter.com/bvEqQtUASy  The Donald (@LoserDonDrumpf) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump The entire 1st family is made up of hypocritical con artists. The real House of Cards! pic.twitter.com/k6vj7J6Vct  The Donald (@LoserDonDrumpf) January 20, 2017Donald Trump is a total hypocrite. Again, he literally screwed over American steel workers by buying metals from China to use to build his hotels.Trump also furnishes his hotels with goods made outside of the United States, including lamps, sheets, beds, chairs, etc Even David Letterman exposed and humiliated Trump for being a hypocrite.Donald Trump is already setting a poor example as president. He is telling Americans and American businesses to follow rules that he refuses to follow himself. Just more proof that Donald Trump is a liar and hypocrite who loves himself more than his country. And he should be impeached.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2929, Trump’s Divisive And Negative Inaugural Address Was Full Of Lies And Most Americans TRASHED It,"Donald Trump delivered his inaugural address on Friday, and it was predictably divisive and negative.Trump portrayed America as a weak, crime-ridden wasteland where everyone lives in poverty. Mothers and children trapped in poverty in our inner cities, rusted out factories scattered like tombstones across the landscape of our nation.An education system flush with cash but which leaves our young and beautiful students deprived of all knowledge.And the crime and the gangs and the drugs that have stolen too many lives and robbed our country of so much unrealized potential. This American carnage stops right here and stops right now. He also attacked President Obama by proclaiming that  January 20th, 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again, called our military  depleted,  and railed against America s crumbling infrastructure.Of course, Trump left out the fact that Republicans blocked infrastructure spending for eight years. He also failed to point out that Republicans have been attacking education for years.Also, our military is the most funded military in the world, so claiming that it is depleted is a lie and an insult to our troops.It should be pointed out that Trump contributed to the shuttering of factories in this country by buying raw materials, like metals, from China to build his hotels with instead of buying it from American companies.Crime is also down, and millions of Americans were lifted from poverty over the last eight years because of programs like the Affordable Care Act and minimum wage hikes, both of which Trump opposes. We stand at the birth of a new millennium, ready to unlock the mysteries of space, to free the earth from the miseries of disease, and to harness the energies, industries and technologies of tomorrow. Trump failed to mention that he wants to cut NASA s budget too, supports the anti-vaccination movement, intends to double down on coal and oil to the detriment of clean energy, and is eliminating a government agency dedicated to researching and developing new technologies to reduce carbon dioxide in our atmosphere.Seriously, Trump s speech was totally contradictory to what his administration actually plans to do.The inaugural address was a shit show and Americans confirmed it on Twitter.That was like a bad liberal parody of a Republican president s inaugural address.  Jon Favreau (@jonfavs) January 20, 2017Interesting that @realDonaldTrump is making what sounds like a campaign speech rather than an Inaugural Address  Gavin Esler (@gavinesler) January 20, 2017this is the most xenophobic inaugural address in US history  Edward Luce (@EdwardGLuce) January 20, 2017Trump must have mixed up his speech texts. He s giving a bitter, negative campaign stump speech, not a uniting, soaring inaugural address.  Nicholas Kristof (@NickKristof) January 20, 2017Our live analysis of Donald Trump s inaugural address https://t.co/pQC5zJLbHh pic.twitter.com/ZunVJle9tB  The New York Times (@nytimes) January 20, 2017Don t know what I expected, but that may be the least presidential inaugural address on record. #Inauguration  Misty Murphy (@mothernerd) January 20, 2017.@chucktodd:  It was surprisingly divisive for an inaugural address  That wasn t the kind of address intended to bring us all together  Mark Murray (@mmurraypolitics) January 20, 2017I have read every Inaugural Address. That was the worst.  Philip Collins (@PCollinsTimes) January 20, 2017Very little grace, very protectionist in every sense, very ominous   in short, very Trumpian. God help us all https://t.co/LzuRm9ghle  DemfromTX (@DemfromTX) January 20, 2017#inauguraladdress: forgettable, in every way, except for the pit in the stomach.  Daryl Sneath (@D_Sneath) January 20, 2017President Trump makes his intentions very clear with his Inaugural address. It s simply  screw you, rest of the world!  #TrumpInauguration  Bhargob Kakoty (@Bhargob) January 20, 2017Probably the shittest inaugural address in a long time  Mitchell McCombe (@mitchellmc97) January 20, 2017Trump s Inaugural Address: A Disgraceful Deception https://t.co/r1sMeqjWjo  Kip Spelling (@kip_spelling) January 20, 2017Yes, during the inaugural address it started to rain bc like the majority of us God is also crying  Zoe (@notlowzo) January 20, 2017Donald Trump s speech was full of lies and promises that he won t keep. He is already attacking education by putting a person who wants to destroy it in charge of the Education Department, and he is slashing the Transportation Department s budget. Trump is also poised to strip healthcare from millions of Americans, which will make them poorer and more vulnerable. Furthermore, Trump is cutting funds from the Justice Department s Civil Rights division, which will hurt people of color across the country.Donald Trump doesn t care about America. He only cares about himself and what his gullible supporters think of him.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
2930," Internet Hilariously Mocks Trump’s Pathetic, Depressing, Empty Inauguration Crowd (TWEETS)","Trump s inauguration crowd size was pathetic.  How pathetic?  you ask. When The Donald officially took over the @POTUS Twitter account, he didn t use a picture of his own inauguration as the banner image. He used President Obama s:.@realDonaldTrump's official @POTUS banner image of his #Inauguration is actually @GettyImages photo of Obama's. So sad  pic.twitter.com/KtezPZGyWj  noahharlan (@noahharlan) January 20, 2017Naturally, the internet quickly caught on to the fact that no one wants to show up to celebrate Trump becoming the Grand Wizard of our once great nation.For those saying ""Trump can't be that hated, look at the size of the crowd""   #Inauguration pic.twitter.com/Sczp6Feta5  Stefan Kay (@5tefanK) January 20, 2017President Trump has officially been sworn in. There is a lot of white in that crowd. #Inauguration #InaugurationDay pic.twitter.com/ueGhfVtqxg  VisuallyBetter (@Isuckatpicking) January 20, 2017Of all the metrics to measure the rancour and division a Trump presidency may bring, the size of a crowd in Washington DC seems the weakest.  SimonNRicketts (@SimonNRicketts) January 20, 2017Crowdenfreude (n)   The feeling Democrats get as they monitor the size of Trump s inaugural crowd. https://t.co/qiYYnAbk1y  Carrie Budoff Brown (@cbudoffbrown) January 20, 2017Crowd on the Mall in Washington DC is one-third the size of Barack Obamas #inaguration? Many challenges for Donald Trump. #InagurationDay  Keri Adams (@Keri_Adams) January 20, 2017You know what they say tiny hands tiny crowd #Inauguration pic.twitter.com/ACCNi2AuTu  Charlie Hayes (@oxfcharlie) January 20, 2017Be ready for Trump to claim he'd have beaten Obama's crowd size but for the rain. As if rain would've kept the #ObamaCoalition away in 2009!  Only4RM (@Only4RM) January 20, 2017Who is taking bets on how long it takes #trump to pick a fight with the Parks Service over crowd size?  Rick Smith (@RickSmithShow) January 19, 2017BREAKING: Either DC was just evacuated, or trump had the SMALLEST #InaugurationDay crowd at the Mall in recent history. #fridayreads #fail pic.twitter.com/oIvWtRfybT  BrooklynDad_Defiant! (@mmpadellan) January 20, 2017@HaroldItz @Glenn__Kenny To be fair, it was one of the biggest crowds there to attend a 3 Doors Down concert.  Chuck Tryon (@chutry) January 20, 2017As Obama and Trump looked at over the crowd, Obama whispered: ""Mine's bigger."" #Inauguration @nationallampoon  Les East (@Les_East) January 20, 2017I don't want to hear one word about the massive crowds today. Not one. #InaugurationDay #Inauguration pic.twitter.com/QmgYU87eqz  Norman Golightly (@NormanGolightly) January 20, 2017@HaroldItz And the #Deplorables look on like Yes The biggest ever Yes. pic.twitter.com/6lIE2DgHQh  Angelia  Resist (@TLDRJones) January 20, 2017If you ever need to know exactly how unpopular our President is, just look at the tiny, pathetic crowd that showed up to see him officially assume the office of the President. This is not normal. Nothing about Trump s campaign, election, or presidency is normal. It is time for the American people to steel their resolve to fight against this wildly hated man, to do all they can to keep him from implementing his horrifying and dangerous agenda.The next four years will be hard, perhaps harder than any four-year period in our lifetimes, but one thing Americans have always had is the strength to stand together in times of adversity   and how much more  adverse  could things be than staring down a President who is sitting in the Oval Office thanks to a massive propaganda and fake news campaign, and hacking of his political opponents spearheaded by a hostile foreign dictator?Featured image via screen capture ",0
2931, WOW: Intercepted Communications Implicate Three Top Trump Advisors In Plot With Russia,"By now, you have probably heard that the FBI and five other intelligence agencies have, for months, been investigating ties between many of Trump s top-level people and Russia. On Thursday, The New York Times told us who it is:The counterintelligence investigation centers at least in part on the business dealings that some of the president-elect s past and present advisers have had with Russia. Mr. Manafort has done business in Ukraine and Russia. Some of his contacts there were under surveillance by the National Security Agency for suspected links to Russia s Federal Security Service, one of the officials said.Mr. Manafort is among at least three Trump campaign advisers whose possible links to Russia are under scrutiny. Two others are Carter Page, a businessman and former foreign policy adviser to the campaign, and Roger Stone, a longtime Republican operative.The F.B.I. is leading the investigations, aided by the National Security Agency, the C.I.A. and the Treasury Department s financial crimes unit. The investigators have accelerated their efforts in recent weeks but have found no conclusive evidence of wrongdoing, the officials said. One official said intelligence reports based on some of the wiretapped communications had been provided to the White House.Counterintelligence investigations examine the connections between American citizens and foreign governments. Those connections can involve efforts to steal state or corporate secrets, curry favor with American government leaders or influence policy. It is unclear which Russian officials are under investigation, or what particular conversations caught the attention of American eavesdroppers. The legal standard for opening these investigations is low, and prosecutions are rare.In short, it s unlikely that anyone will be charged, but we as Americans have every reason to be concerned with the people with whom Trump surrounds himself. Manafort, naturally, calls the allegations a Democrat Party dirty trick and completely false. I have never had any relationship with the Russian government or any Russian officials. I was never in contact with anyone, or directed anyone to be in contact with anyone,  he adds. On the  Russian hacking of the D.N.C.,  my only knowledge of it is what I have read in the papers.  Politifact confirmed last year that Manafort has many relationships with pro-Putin politicians in Ukraine at minimum.While Trump will attempt to connect this to the 35-page  pee pee dossier  published by Buzzfeed   the one handed to Trump and Obama by intelligence agencies   the FBI says that the decision to open the investigation was not based on those in the least:The F.B.I. investigation into Mr. Manafort began last spring, and was an outgrowth of a criminal investigation into his work for a pro-Russian political party in Ukraine and for the country s former president, Viktor F. Yanukovych. In August, The Times reported that Mr. Manafort s name had surfaced in a secret ledger that showed he had been paid millions in undisclosed cash payments. The Associated Press has reported that his work for Ukraine included a secret lobbying effort in Washington aimed at influencing American news organizations and government officials.Mr. Stone, a longtime friend of Mr. Trump s, said in a speech in Florida last summer that he had communicated with Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, the anti-secrecy group that published the hacked Democratic emails. During the speech, Mr. Stone predicted further leaks of documents, a prediction that came true within weeks.In a brief interview on Thursday, Mr. Stone said he had never visited Russia and had no Russian clients. He said that he had worked in Ukraine for a pro-Western party, but that any assertion that he had ties to Russian intelligence was  nonsense  and  totally false. The whole thing is a canard,  he said.  I have no Russian influences. The Senate intelligence committee has started its own investigation into Russia s purported attempts to disrupt the election. The committee s inquiry is broad, and will include an examination of Russian hacking and possible ties between people associated with Mr. Trump s campaign and Russia.Investigators are also scrutinizing people on the periphery of Mr. Trump s campaign, such as Mr. Page, a former Merrill Lynch banker who founded Global Energy Capital, an investment firm in New York that has done business with Russia.In an interview on Thursday, Mr. Page expressed bewilderment about why he might be under investigation. He blamed a smear campaign   that he said was orchestrated by Mrs. Clinton   for media speculation about the nature of his ties to Russia. I did nothing wrong, for the 5,000th time,  he said. His adversaries, he added, are  pulling a page out of the Watergate playbook. What further details will the investigation reveal? Only time will tell   but Donald Trump is now our President, and his cozy relationship with Vladimir Putin is terrifyingly clear. All you have to do is look at his Twitter account.Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla/Win McNamee/Spencer Platt)",0
2932, Bush Speechwriter LEVELS Trump With This Devastating Inauguration Day Tweet,"Donald Trump officially and depressingly takes over the White House today, but former George W. Bush speechwriter David Frum had some strong words for him on this Inauguration Day.Of course, Trump won t bother actually going on the job until Monday since he has decided to take a two day vacation first.So he ll have plenty of time to read a tweet Frum posted on Twitter and throw a temper tantrum about it.Frum called Trump the  worst human being  who has ever become president, and that includes every president who owned slaves.The worst human being ever to enter the presidency, and I include all the slaveholders.  David Frum (@davidfrum) January 20, 2017No doubt, if slavery still existed Donald Trump would definitely be a slaveholder. Hell, he has his company s products made by cheap labor overseas. Slaves would have to manufacture his products for free and we all know Trump would love that. In fact, 20 percent of Trump supporters actually believe that freeing the slaves was a bad idea. And let s not forget that white supremacist flocked to support Trump s campaign and Trump even made of them his top adviser.Frum then followed up with a tweet about how much of a coward Trump is.Andrew Jackson was at least physically brave  David Frum (@davidfrum) January 20, 2017Indeed, Andrew Jackson fought duels and was a soldier for this country. Trump, on the other hand, dodged the draft during Vietnam and only brags that he could kill someone.Donald Trump only fights for Donald Trump. He doesn t care about this nation and he intends to destroy everything that made this country great.Americans across the country should be terrified. The days of hope and change are gone. Republicans are going to double down on their failed policies like never before and our country will pay a steep price for it.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2933, Twitter Mercilessly WRECKS Trump For Posting Celebratory Inauguration Day Tweet,"Donald Trump woke up early as usual to post some bullshit on Twitter, and he got epically trashed.Today is Inauguration Day and Trump decided he would brag about it.It all begins today! I will see you at 11:00 A.M. for the swearing-in. THE MOVEMENT CONTINUES   THE WORK BEGINS!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 20, 2017As the world waits in horror for what is likely to be a petty and divisive inaugual address, Twitter users launched an all-out attack on Trump in response to his tweet.Happy #Inauguration, @realDonaldTrump! Some facts for you: Climate change isn t a  HOAX.   The U.S. is a melting pot.  Science matters.  David G. McAfee (@DavidGMcAfee) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump you really should see a doctor if this movement doesn t stop. That s not healthy.  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/w3ejKwLaxK  paladine (@paladine) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/nToOu132HY  Cult Of Personality (@ResemblingACult) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump Please remember: 7M more people voted against you than for you. There is no mandate. Don t believe it? Look to the streets,  Bill Shapiro (@Bill_Shapiro) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/x3IRT4KDZt  Diva (@sammypolsen12) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/rUlMozVg8I  Diva (@sammypolsen12) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/LwWVpZkw1N  Diva (@sammypolsen12) January 20, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Fake news thohttps://t.co/h4wOHGRek8  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 20, 2017.I hope you fall on your face walking up to the podium. It ll be a perfect metaphor for the next four years @realDonaldTrump #rejecttrump  Tomo Milicevic (@tomofromearth) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump its your BIG day little hands  #Inauguration pic.twitter.com/8vyDsjuwOh  Lil  Kim Ms. G.O.A.T (@killerbee805) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump What time do you start the Hunger Games?  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) January 20, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/p4tK62aCug  JoeMyGod (@JoeMyGod) January 20, 2017It should also be pointed out that Trump s tweet is a complete lie because he does not intend to work until Monday. That s right. He s literally using his first two days as president as vacation days.Donald Trump is unqualified to be president and he should be impeached the second he finishes swearing to uphold and defend the Constitution, because he will immediately be violating that oath due to his conflicts of interest and his persecution of the free press.The last eight years of hope and change are being replaced with four years of darkness and hate. Let s hope America lasts long enough to fix the mess Trump makes.Featured image by Spencer Platt via Getty Images",0
2934," Alec Baldwin Joins Anti-Trump Protest, Gives Speech That Will RUIN Trump’s Inauguration Day (VIDEO)","Over the next few days, America (and the world, for that matter) will be protesting the presidency of Donald Trump and his dangerous administration.The protests had already begun yesterday, the day before Trump officially would be sworn in. Last night in New York City, several celebrities also joined the anti-Trump protests   and one of them included actor Alec Baldwin, who gets under Trump s skin like no one else can.To make sure that he would piss Trump off to the fullest extent, Baldwin gave a speech and even made sure he did his Trump impersonation from SNL, which never fails to make Trump have a Twitter meltdown. Channeling Trump, Baldwin mocked the former reality television star and reminded Americans that the next President of the United States has a worrisome relationship with Russia: I just want to say,  I ve been standing out here in the freezing cold for a long time. I have to go to the bathroom. I have to pee. But I m holding it in, I m holding it in, I m not gonna pee. I m going to a function at the Russian consulate tonight, I m holding it in  till I get there. After Baldwin had his fun imitating Trump, he grew serious and made sure that Americans knew how strong they would have to be over the next four years in order to preserve America s true values. Baldwin told protesters that Trump and his cabinet members are counting on Americans to  lay down  and stop resisting, making it critical for the entire country to unite and oppose any concerning measure the administration proposes. Baldwin also said: For all of you out there who have children, they re never too young for you to teach them what a real American is  These people are a disgrace. They are a disgrace to everything you and I believe in. You can watch Baldwin s speech below:This protest was joined by several other celebrities as well. Al Sharpton, Michael Moore, Mark Ruffalo and Robert De Niro all took turns speaking against Trump. We know that when Trump sees footage of this, he won t be able to contain his anger, even on the biggest day of his life.Featured image via screenshots",0
2935, Protesters Just Trolled Trump’s ‘Deploraball’ SO F*cking Hard You Have To See It To Believe It (VIDEO),"Trump supporters sure were in for a surprise at the aptly-named  Deploraball  on Thursday, when protesters projected an unflattering message on the side of the National Press Club just as supporters attempted to  sieg heil  The Donald without any interruption from those who exist outside their hateful little bubble.As white supremacists, people who love white supremacists, and pro-Trump Sheriff David Clarke joined together in a diverse crowd of white people to celebrate Trump s ascension to Grand Wizard of the U.S. of A., protesters outside had a little bit of fun with technology, projecting the sort of messaging that sends their leader into an uncontrollable Twitter rage.Messages projected on the side of the building where alt-right ball is being held: ""Impeach the predatory president"" pic.twitter.com/uJiYZGgzey  Jack Smith IV (@JackSmithIV) January 20, 2017""Impeach predatory president"" projected onto National Press Club as #DeploraBall parties #DisruptJ20 pic.twitter.com/fi5As7UOLp  Alexander Rubinstein (@AlexR_DC) January 20, 2017""Impeach the predatory president"" pic.twitter.com/reYjg6DCaK  Gideon Resnick (@GideonResnick) January 20, 2017On the building: ""Impeach the predatory president."" #Inauguration pic.twitter.com/HQRWI7DZHI  Heidi Groover (@heidigroover) January 20, 2017 Resist, protect, create,  one message read. Another urged our leaders to  impeach the predatory President.  One of them, which Trump fans would describe as  crazy light pictures what has some of them words on them,  reminded everyone that Trump routinely brags about grabbing women by their genitals.During these next four years, it is important that we never allow a white supremacist party for a President who got where he by is sowing seeds of fear and spewing hate speech to become normal. Every time this sort of thing happens, it is our duty to our country to show up and denounce it. It s going to be rough for us for quite some time, but if we fight hard against the Deplorables and their sick ideology, we can ensure a brighter future for our country some time after 2020.Featured image via Twitter",0
2936, Trump SCRAMBLING To Fill Over 600 Empty Posts – Literally Has ONE Option Ahead Of Swearing-In,"Apparently, Trump has been unable to fill more than 600 executive posts in his administration, according to a new report from The New York Times. With Obama leaving office now, and his swearing-in ceremony looming, he only has one option left: Retain Obama s staffers, at least for the time being.That has to be galling for someone who keeps insisting he s the best at everything, has the best of everything, and has a cabinet with the highest IQ ever (don t make us laugh too hard,  sir ). He clearly isn t the best at appointing staff or working with other people. Senior Obama administration officials, along with some Republican lawmakers, have watched with growing alarm as the pace of the transition stops and starts. They ve said, repeatedly, that Trump s team won t coordinate with them.The Times says that aides released the names of over a dozen fresh appointments, but that barely scratches the surface of what they have to do. They also announced that they would keep 50 essential personnel in both the Department of State and Department of Homeland Security for the time being, including current Obama appointee Thomas A. Shannon Jr., who will stay on as acting Secretary of State pending Rex Tillerson s confirmation.Other Obama officials sticking around for now include:And White House press secretary Sean Spicer tried to spin it as  ensuring continuity of government.  Har de har har.Things are so terrible that Strobe Talbott, the president of the Brookings Institution and former Clinton official, said: In 21 years of covering the State Department and in eight years of serving there, I ve seen rocky transitions and experienced what feels like a hostile takeover, but I ve never seen anything like this. 21 years is a long time to never see anything like this.For his part, Trump really doesn t seem to care. He s floating around Washington, working to draw the crowds he so desperately needs to keep his ego properly inflated and still avoiding a lot of real work. He s acting like the demagogue he is, preparing to be crowned tomorrow, rather than sworn in. He even said it was  bad karma  to get too involved with the transition, and, according to the Times report, wanted to stop planning altogether.Besides, appointing people to his administration? That s grunt work. He s above grunt work.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
2937," Congratulations, Republicans, You Got Played","Well, here we are. The last day of eight years that is the Obama presidency. For eight years, we all saw a swarm of friends and acquaintances regurgitate the most asinine conspiracy theories about President Obama imaginable. Whether they came from Sarah Palin or Alex Jones, right-wing looney tunes were always a far cry from the truth. Today we have a new term for it: fake news. But we must always remember what it truly is: conspiracy theories.Now that the great and honorable President Obama leaves office tomorrow, let s remind the  economically anxious  red America:Congratulations on letting yourself be played for the last 8 years! It was quite a sight to behold, both sad and funny that teetered on the brink of near insanity. Hopefully, this will be a learning experience to turn off the TV, quit with the fake news, and apply some common sense, no?Considering they just elected the biggest conspiracy theorist around, one shouldn t get their hopes up.Now that Trump has already broken a slew of promises, watch as red state citizens still bitterly cling to their guns and bibles while finding a way to somehow blame Obama.It is nearly impossible to record how much money, time and brain cells Republicans lost being perpetually lied to by the likes of Rush Limbaugh, Glenn Beck, Sean Hannity, Ann Coulter, Alex Jones, Dinesh D Souza, Bill O Reilly, Michele Bachmann and the rest of the right-wing brigade.The fact that Republicans allowed their minds to be poisoned for nine years (counting the campaign in 2008) will have long lasting effects for generations to come and will continue to throughout the Trump presidency.President Obama got one thing wrong: there is a blue state America and a red state America. But it goes so much deeper than that. There s an alert America and an easily duped America. There s a truthful America and an untruthful America. Luckily, Democrats were the former, and sadly Republicans allowed themselves to be the latter.But it wasn t always like this. In January 2009, as President Obama prepared to take office, 71 percent of America came together to support the new incumbent. Then the power of talk radio prevailed, and America was to be utterly transformed, never to be the same again.President Obama will leave office with a 60 percent approval rating. Perhaps a chunk of the GOP electorate realizes they have been manipulated.Going forward, Democrats and progressives alike need to be cautious of what they share and believe. Allowing our disdain for Trump to border on conspiracy is a dangerous route to take.Be vigilant, but be smart.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
2938, Trump Literally Wanted A North Korea Style Military Parade At Inauguration Including Tanks And Missile Launchers,"Donald Trump wanted to celebrate power like a dictator, but the military rejected his demands.We ve all seen how North Korea and Russia put on big flashy military parades in a desperate effort to get attention and brag about how tough they supposedly are. American presidents, however, have never really done that. Trump wanted to be the first.Apparently, Trump and his team wanted tanks and missile launchers to roll down Pennsylvania Avenue as if to threaten his critics and political opponents while trying to convince everyone that he s tough and doesn t have small hands.Thankfully, our military responsibly rejected Trump s idea in favor of giving him a rare military flyover instead.According to Huffington Post,During the preparation for Friday s transfer-of-power, a member of Trump s transition team floated the idea of including tanks and missile launchers in the inaugural parade, a source involved in inaugural planning told The Huffington Post.  They were legit thinking Red Square/North Korea-style parade,  the source said, referring to massive military parades in Moscow and Pyongyang, typically seen as an aggressive display of muscle-flexing.The military, which traditionally works closely with the presidential inaugural committee, shot down the request, the source said. Their reason was twofold. Some were concerned about the optics of having tanks and missile launchers rolling down Pennsylvania Avenue. But they also worried that the tanks, which often weigh over 100,000 pounds, would destroy the roads.20 military aircraft will fly over the Inauguration on Friday doubling as a training exercise so that Trump s ego can be stroked just enough to keep him happy.Such flyovers are rare. President Obama did not ask for one and the only president before Ronald Reagan to get one was Harry S Truman, who oversaw the end of World War II.But what Trump was asking for is literally something that dictators in North Korea and Russia do.So the fact that Trump wanted to be like Kim Jong-Un or Joseph Stalin does not help his tyrannical image at all.Here s video of a North Korean military parade via YouTube.Seriously, Trump wanted something very similar to this. Are you scared yet, America?Featured image via screenshot",0
2939," WATCH: Jon Voight Gives Divisive Speech At Trump Inauguration Concert, Insults Abraham Lincoln","Unable to find any A-list celebrities to headline his inauguration concert, Donald Trump turned to has-been actor Jon Voight to give a short speech and it was pathetic.As President Abraham Lincoln s statue was forced to sit and watch, Voight took to the stage to introduce Sam Moore to sing and delivered some short remarks that immediately set the Internet ablaze with fury that makes us all understand why his daughter Angelina Jolie wants nothing to do with him.Voight portrayed Trump as a victim of lies and propaganda, and then pumped out pro-Trump propaganda that included claiming that God is on Trump s side and that Lincoln is happy about Trump being in the White House. Seriously. We have all witnessed a grueling year and half for the president-elect,  Voight said. We have been witnessed to a barrage of propaganda that left us all breathless with anticipation. Not knowing if God could reverse all the negative lies against Mr. Trump whose only desire   whose only desire was to make America great again! After some more bullshit about how God answered the prayers of conservatives, Voight insulted Lincoln by invoking his name and claimed that Lincoln approves of Trump And President Lincoln, who sits here with us, I m sure is smiling knowing America will be saved by an honest and good man who will work for all the people no matter their creed of color,  Voight concluded.Here s the video via YouTube.Trump repeatedly insulted black people on the campaign trail, did not name a single Latino to his Cabinet, and only named two people who are not white men to serve in Cabinet posts.It should also be pointed out that Donald Trump had the support of white supremacists throughout his campaign and he even named one as his top adviser. If Lincoln s statue could have stood up to vomit behind the Memorial it would have done so.The Internet immediately mocked Voight for his divisive lies.Pretty sure Lincoln is not smiling, Jon Voight  Katlyn D Angelo (@KatlynDAngelo) January 20, 2017Jon Voight said  God answered our prayers  in electing Trump?It must be the same god slave owners thanked for slavery#TrumpInauguration  Yukio Strachan (@boldandworthy) January 20, 2017Sorry @jonvoight   I doubt God wants anything to do with trump. But then, many Germans said the same about Hitler, so .. https://t.co/IPwMak8EwE  Just Frank ?????? (@fraowe) January 20, 2017Jon Voight invoking God to sanctify @realDonaldTrump as an honest, good man who has survived lies & propaganda. OMG. What planet is he on?  Flinty Maguire (@FlintyMaguire) January 19, 2017 Celebrities shouldn t speak out on politics    the same people praising Jon Voight for speaking out in favor of Donald Trump.  Mike Hughes (@hughster1) January 20, 2017i had not vomited once in the 19 years since i quit drinking. thanks Jon Voight for reminding me of what i d been missing  mark lanegan (@marklanegan) January 19, 2017Jon Voight apparently missed the memo on moments of grace and national unity. #inaug2017  David Axelrod (@davidaxelrod) January 19, 2017@JConabicycle HAHAHAHAHA here s the  headliner    LOL!!!JON VOIGHT!!!!!!!! How fucking pathetic.  Jesus H. Christ (@JConabicycle) January 19, 2017No wonder why Jon Voight s daughter keeps her distance.  Derek Burlingame (@DerekBurlingame) January 20, 2017Trump and his supporters could not even stop being divisive and petty at an inauguration concert in front of the Lincoln Memorial. Sad.Featured image via screenshot",0
2940, Here Are Five LGBTQ Protections Trump Will Have A VERY Hard Time Reversing,"One of the most devastated and vulnerable communities under a Donald Trump administration will be the LGBTQ community. The 2016 GOP platform is easily one of the most explicitly anti-LGBTQ in history. They plan to do all they can to discriminate openly, and with control of the entire federal government, they have no one to stop them.However, there are a few things that happened on President Obama s watch that the Republicans will find that their hands are tied on. Firstly, the bigots like Mike Pence and others in Trump s administration can gnash their teeth all they want, but the Supreme Court already ruled on marriage equality. It s done.The only potential caveat here is that, with the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, there s a vacant seat that the GOP obstructionists refused to allow President Obama to fill, though it was rightfully his. Even so, it takes a 60-vote majority for the Senate to confirm a SCOTUS justice, and no way will the Democrats go for some right-wing, homophobic nut on that one. They could try the nuclear option, of course. To that end, let s just make sure we keep Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg in tip-top shape until we get rid of Trump, Pence, and their cabinet of horrors.Secondly, President Obama was forceful with the issue of repealing Don t Ask, Don t Tell. The United States Armed Forces now has openly LGBTQ soldiers serving in all branches, and transitions for transgender folks are covered as well. President Obama famously told his military chiefs that they could step down if they had issues with his repeal. This is a done deal, and what are they going to do, waltz in and kick all the gay soldiers out? Didn t think so. Even Pence can t be that stupid.Next is the fight for transgender rights. While a lot of the legal stuff was by executive order, and Pence will likely DEMAND that it all be undone immediately, what they cannot undo is public perception. If this extremist administration goes aggressively after transgender people   who are easily the most vulnerable in our society   they will face swift and immediate backlash. Trump is already entering office as the least popular president in modern history, with the scandal of an investigation into his ties to Russia already hanging over his head. He isn t going to want to make himself even less popular by going after a group of people whose issues are front and center for the first time in history.President Obama also made a point of appointing hordes of openly gay judges to federal judgeships. These folks will smack down anything unconstitutional done against us in the name of Trump and Pence s bigotry, and there isn t a damn thing they can do about it. Absent violating the law, federal judges stay on the bench as long as they damn well please.Lastly   but perhaps most importantly   President Obama s open support of LGBTQ people pushed our issues to the forefront and changed public perception of us. The bigoted views of the people in Trump s cabinet of extremists are far outside the mainstream. We have President Obama to thank for that. He aggressively promoted equality here at home and on the world stage. He wasn t afraid to call out the bigotry of politicians in the United States, nor those abroad. He deliberately sent gay United States delegates to Russia s Sochi Olympics, in a blatant rebuke of Vladimir Putin s campaign of hate against LGBTQ citizens. He also smacked down the Kenyan president over his country s brutal homophobia. And, in a last nod to our community, President Obama made clear his feelings on the brutal treatment of transgender prisoners by commuting Chelsea Manning s sentence on the way out the door.Thank you, President Obama, for protecting our community. Who knows where we d be without you? We re going to miss you so much.Featured image via screen capture from Twitter",0
2941," UNHINGED Trump Supporters Visit DC For Inauguration, Celebrate By SPITTING On Migrant Kids (TWEET)","President-elect Donald Trump set the stage for a truly hateful social and political climate when he began his presidential campaign by calling immigrants  rapists  and  drug dealers  and continuing to make moves to exclude them from the country in the following months.Trump s rabid supporters have latched onto that message and now that we are just a day away from Trump s inauguration, their vile behavior is only amplified now. Rep. Filemon Vela has just become the fourth Texas Democrat to boycott Trump s inauguration, and for good reason.Vela had originally planned to attend Trump s inauguration to provide  a moment of healing and outreach    but Trump s supporters have caused him to change his mind. In a statement posted to social media, Vela told of a disgusting interaction he d witnessed between migrant students and Trump supporters in Washington, DC for Trump s inauguration. He said: While visiting Washington, DC, 40 migrant students from my district were subjected to comments of  beaners,   burritos,  and  wetbacks  from Inauguration attendees. One student was even spit on. And that wasn t all that made Vela change his mind. He was also appalled at Trump s final cabinet selection, which conveniently left out any Hispanics. Vela continued: Then, Donald Trump made his final cabinet selection ensuring that there would be no Hispanic representation in the cabinet for the first time in 36 years. Trump and his supporters are certainly sending a message to Hispanics   and Vela noticed it a long time ago. In June, Vela condemned Trump in an open letter, which said: Mr. Trump, you re a racist and you can take your border wall and shove it up your ass. Vela is now joining the dozens of Democrats that are boycotting the inauguration. In his statement, Vela slammed Trump for his repeated acts of disrespect for the 33 million Americans of Hispanic descent  and widespread promotion of bigotry. In a statement that embodies how the majority of Americans are feeling right now, Vela said: The hope that his actions as President would not match his political rhetoric is becoming more and more of a distant dream. You can read Vela s full statement below:Filemon Vela statement: pic.twitter.com/gkaPt41sKA  Abby Livingston (@TexasTribAbby) January 19, 2017Featured image via Ty Wright / Getty Images",0
2942, Trump To Cut DOJ’s 25 Violence Against Women Grants And Programs,"In an effort to slash $10.5 trillion in government spending over the next 10 years, Donald Trump has decided that the first target will be the Department of Justice s 25 grants and programs aimed at implementing the federal Violence Against Women Act. This means that every grant authorized by the law over the last 25 years will be eliminated in their entirety.To put it in perspective, Trump s cuts are double that of the cuts sought by House Speaker Paul Ryan and the Republican House caucus.The Violence Against Women Act, a bipartisan law passed in the early 1990s, has been reauthorized twice and is tasked with protecting, aiding, counseling and saving women from abuse, harassment, intimidation and stalking.Some of the 25 grants offered from the DOJ include:All of those grants will be gone, rendering the programs (and the act overall) moot.The man who  loves women  is about to defund all the services that protect them from abuse and battery.Let that sink in.The Republican war on women has taken a dramatic and ugly turn, and it s all thanks to Donald Trump.Democrats tried to warn America. It would make sense that a man who routinely calls women bimbos, bitches, and dogs, and brags about sexually groping them, would target the programs that help them when they re most vulnerable.There is no skating around this   the incoming administration is vehemently sexist and misogynistic. Republicans in the past, including the Bush Administration, have not leveled the kind of assault on women that the Trump Administration is preparing to do. Again, it should be noted that this is an extreme position to take, one that diverges from even typical GOP standards.Instead of cutting the bloated Defense budget and rolling back fat-cat kickbacks for corporations, they re going to target abused women and children   even as domestic violence becomes one of the largest public health crises in America.Hopefully House and Senate Republicans, including the female members, will stand up to these outrageous cuts.More importantly, where s Ivanka Trump? Isn t she supposed to be the new unsung hero of modern day feminism?Women of all stripes and ideologies   Republican and Democrat   should be outraged. Abuse doesn t pick a political party. Vulnerability doesn t pick a political party. And a political party (or administration) should not be making life harder for those in need.Featured image by Spencer Platt via Getty Images",0
2943, Trump Spokesman Reveals ASTONISHINGLY Racist Reason Kanye West Wasn’t Invited To Inauguration,"Even after famously meeting with Donald Trump last month, and even after Trump has had an historically difficult time finding A-list musicians willing to debase themselves enough to perform at his inauguration, the planning committee said no to Kanye West as its star or anything else, and the reason is incredibly racist. He s not  traditionally American  enough. What in heaven s name could that mean, hmmmm?A spokesperson for president-elect Donald Trump s inauguration committee told CNN that Friend of Donald Kanye West was not invited to perform at the real estate mogul s inaugural because  Ye s music wasn t right for the  typically and traditionally American event.  Tom Barrack, chairman of the Presidential Inauguration Committee, told CNN s Erin Burnett that the inauguration wasn t a  fitting  venue for West, who famously met with Trump in December and posed for a stiff photo at Trump Tower afterwards and whose music is about to be the subject of a course at Washington University in St. Louis called  Politics of Kanye West: Black Genius and Sonic Aesthetics. He s been great, he considers himself a friend of the president-elect, but it s not the venue.  Kanye, who was born in Chicago and performs a style of music, hip-hop, that was invented in the United States on the streets of Trump s New York in the late 1970s, performed at MTV s Inaugural Youth Ball in honor of President Obama in 2009.  It s going to be typically and traditionally American, and Kanye is a great guy, we just haven t asked him to perform. And we move on with our agenda,  Barrack added.Source: BillboardHere s the video:Damn @kanyewest couldn t even get to perform at this friend @realDonaldTrump s inauguration b/c the event is  Traditionally American . pic.twitter.com/wu3EezncR2  Unstripped Voice (@UnstrippedVoice) January 18, 2017Looking over the list of inaugural entertainers, it s clear that  typically and traditionally American  means white, with a few exceptions. Most are country artists. There are a couple of African-American R&B singers, there s Travis Green, and there s an Indian-American DJ named RaviDrums. To give that extra-American oomph, Trump s ball will feature Irish dance.Trump may have done West a favor. After expressing his theoretical support for Trump (he didn t actually vote, but if he had voted ), West was forced to cancel his tour. We ll see if the D-list acts they ve managed to book suffer the same fates, assuming they re popular enough to currently be on tour.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images.",0
2944, WATCH: Trump Press Sec. Says Hispanics Aren’t Part Of Cabinet Because Only ‘Best And Brightest’ Can Serve,"For the first time since 1988, Latinos will be totally shut out from having any role in an administration.Despite the fact that Latinos make up 17 percent of the population in the United States, Trump apparently does not want them anywhere near him or his presidency, which makes it clear that he intends to treat them like second-class citizens over the next four years. We re extremely worried. This is anti-democratic,  National Hispanic Leadership Agenda chairman Hector Sanchez told the Dallas Morning News after Trump chose a middle-aged white guy to be Secretary of Agriculture, the last cabinet position to be filled. Trump has not only been the most anti-Latino, anti-immigrant president in the history of the nation; by not including Latinos in the Cabinet he is just showing how he is planning to govern,  Sanchez continued.Indeed, the alarming absence of Latinos in Trump s cabinet caught the notice of the media, who promptly asked Trump s official mouthpiece, Sean Spicer, about it.His response is flat-out offensive. I think that when you look at the totality at his administration   the people that he s talked to, the people that he s met with, the people that he s appointing   you see a president who s committed to uniting this country, who s bringing the best and brightest together. Look at the cabinet   Elaine Chao, Dr. Ben Carson, Nikki Haley, the first Indian-American. Not only is Spicer suggesting that Latinos are not  the best and brightest,  he s suggesting that Ben Carson is actually one of the  best and brightest.  Let s not forget that Carson thinks the ancient pyramids were built to be grain silos, something that is totally wrong and has been mocked by archaeologists.Spicer then doubled down, claiming that Americans should focus on whether Trump is hiring the best people for the jobs, and claimed that Trump s cabinet is  diverse. Here s the video via YouTube.Again, Latinos are the fastest growing demographic in this country. There should be at least one in an administration that is supposed to represent all of America. Trump and his team can t honestly say that they couldn t find a person of Hispanic descent who is qualified to work in any cabinet position. But 17 percent of our nation s population will be alienated by Trump.Trump s claim that his cabinet is ideologically diverse and filled with the  best and brightest  is also bullshit. Not only did Trump only pick conservatives to fill his cabinet, all but two are men and all but two are white. That s not even close to being diverse. Furthermore, as The Atlantic points out, the only nominee who has experience running a federal agency is Elaine Chao. Plus, most of his cabinet picks want to destroy the departments they have been selected to lead.In no way are these the  best and brightest.  And you can be damn sure that Latinos will punish Trump and Republicans for it in 2018 and 2020 when the next midterm and presidential elections give the American people a chance to fix the mistake made in 2016.Featured Image via Twitter",0
2945, Rick Perry’s Confirmation Hearing Just Got Extremely Uncomfortable During Exchange With Al Franken (VIDEO),"Things got a bit uncomfortable during Rick Perry s confirmation hearing for a position in a department he forgot existed, then wanted to eliminate, and literally just learned what it does. Now he wants to run it. I have learned a great deal about the important work being done every day by the outstanding men and women of the DOE,  Perry said in his opening statement at his confirmation hearing.  My past statements made over five years ago about abolishing the Department of Energy do not reflect my current thinking. In fact, after being briefed on so many of the vital functions of the Department of Energy, I regret recommending its elimination. The thought of Rick Perry being in charge of our nation s nuclear stockpile is terrifying, but we were treated to a rare bit of levity during the former Texas Governor s exchange with Senator Al Franken.The Senator thanked Trump s nominee for recently visiting him in his office.  Did you enjoy meeting me?  Franken joked. That s when things got weird. Perry uttered a sentence that will almost assuredly be memed for months or even years to come: I hope you are as much fun on that dais as you were on your couch. May I rephrase that?  Perry asked. Please. Please. Please,  Franken replied.  Oh my lord. Oh my lord. Watch it for yourself, below:Featured image via screengrab",0
2946, WATCH: Hypocrite Bill O’Reilly Accuses Liberals Of ‘Sedition’ For Calling Trump Illegitimate,"Clearly, Fox host Bill O Reilly wasn t paying attention over the last eight years.Because if he had been paying attention, he would know that conservatives sought to delegitimize President Obama repeatedly.The principle claim, of course, was that President Obama was not born in the United States, a conspiracy theory that Donald Trump adopted for his own gain and continued to repeat during the campaign. Republicans in Congress also repeatedly attempted to sabotage the country in order to make Obama a one-term president and even after winning a second term Republicans continued to refuse to work with him.In fact, Republicans went so far as to pledge allegiance to foreign leaders like Vladimir Putin and Benjamin Netanyahu rather than acknowledge Obama as their president.Republican racism and hatred toward President Obama divided America for eight years, yet conservatives like O Reilly have the gall to blame him for it. And now he is accusing those who oppose Donald Trump of sedition.During an interview with a very unfunny Dennis Miller, who claims to be a comedian, O Reilly asked if he believes the effort in opposition to Trump is  anti-American. Do you believe that this whole movement to delegitimize Donald Trump is anti-American?  O Reilly asked.  Would you say it s that bad? Miller cracked another pathetic  joke  that not even O Reilly could laugh at and O Reilly continued by going a step further. These people want to delegitimize the whole election, the whole presidency, and I think it borders on sedition,  he said.Miller then blamed President Obama for how divided the country has become even though Republicans were the ones who divided it in the first place and Trump continued to divide it on the campaign trail.Here s the video via YouTube.Bill O Reilly, like most conservatives, are hypocrites. Over the last eight years, they desperately tried to convince the American people that President Obama was illegitimate in order to sabotage his presidency and I don t remember O Reilly throwing out words like  sedition  to describe that un-American effort.The fact is that Trump lost the popular vote by nearly 3 million votes, and his electoral win is one of the smallest on record. Furthermore, the Russians helped Trump by launching cyber attacks against our country and spreading propaganda. And Trump has done nothing but suck up to Putin, proving that he ll be a Russian puppet instead of the American president. But you ll only hear O Reilly whine about how people aren t lining up to kiss Trump s ass. Well, he better buckle up because turnabout is fair play because if anyone is a true illegitimate president it s Donald Trump. And unlike the birther conspiracy, there is plenty of proof backed up by the intelligence community.Featured Image: Screenshot ",0
2947, WATCH: Lewis Black Hilariously BURNS Trump And Mocks Inauguration On The Daily Show,"If Lewis Black really does have a ticket to the inauguration, Donald Trump is probably trying to revoke it right now.Because during Wednesday night s Daily Show, the comedian roasted Trump, taking particular aim at Trump s inauguration problems.For weeks, Trump and his team have been desperately trying to find an A-list celebrity to perform at the inauguration. For the most part, Trump has failed, so he has resorted to hiring a reality show contestant and a has-been band, while forcing the Radio City Rockettes to perform because they can be fired for saying no.Black informed Trump that if he wants to know why many celebrities died in 2016, it s because they didn t want to perform at the inauguration either. You want to know why so many celebrities died in 2016? It was to get out of playing the goddamn inauguration,  Black quipped.Then Black pointed out that Trump is pretending he doesn t really care if A-list celebrities show up, even going so far as to claim that he s the one who rejected them and not the other way around.The so-called  A  list celebrities are all wanting tixs to the inauguration, but look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 23, 2016Black was able to get a ticket, however, and he intends to show up on Friday whether Trump likes it or not. I ve got my tickets, and I m going to go no matter what,  Black said.  Because I want to be there when Trump touches the Bible and his hand catches on fire. Black went on to break the news to Trump that even Richard Nixon was able to land A-list talent for his inaugural ceremony by getting legendary entertainer James Brown to sing. All Trump has been able to get so far is Jackie Evancho, who didn t even win America s Got Talent.To make matters worse, Trump s team literally humiliated themselves by bragging about the participation of the Caisson Platoon and the famous army horse Black Jack. The problem is that Black Jack has been dead since 1976. Trump is  tweeting a dead horse,  Black quipped.Black then revealed Trump s inauguration them is  soft sensuality  which Black says is good because at least Trump is going to f*ck America  gently. Here s the video via YouTube.With an embarrassment like Trump in office, comedians like Lewis Black are definitely going to have plenty of material over the next four years.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
2948, Trump’s Pre-Inauguration Tweets Just Earned Him An Epic Smackdown From The Internet (TWEETS),"Though he is facing down six intelligence agencies  investigations into alleged illegal payments Trump received from the Kremlin to fund The Donald s efforts to become President by any means necessary, Friday marks the day that he becomes President   and if you thought assuming the most powerful office in the world would stop Trump from tweeting like an angst-plagued middle schooler, you were sorely mistaken.On Thursday, Trump hopped on Twitter to announce that he s headed to Washington D.C.   and, of course, to quote right-wing icon Franklin Graham s idiotic claim that someone who isn t Trump (hint: Obama) being the guy who divided the country rather than the dude who called Mexicans rapists, wants to ban Muslims from entering the country, and who offered to pay legal fees if his supporters beat up black people at his rallies. It wasn t Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!,  Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham,  Trump tweeted as part of his daily ritual.  Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! ""It wasn't Donald Trump that divided this country, this country has been divided for a long time!"" Stated today by Reverend Franklin Graham.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 19, 2017Getting ready to leave for Washington, D.C. The journey begins and I will be working and fighting very hard to make it a great journey for..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 19, 2017the American people. I have no doubt that we will, together, MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 19, 2017Naturally, the internet swooped in to remind him how very wrong Mr. Graham is:@realDonaldTrump Going from Barack Obama to Donald Trump is like replacing Ramsay s fettuccine bolognese with a dented can of SpaghettiOs.  Tommy Campbell (@MrTommyCampbell) January 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump yeah, you didn't divide the country by demanding anyone's birth certificate years ago?  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) January 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump During your campaign you attacked Muslim Americans, Hispanic Americans, Female Americans, Disabled Americans  Mark Pygas (@MarkPygas) January 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump I'm sure you had nothing to do with it, though. pic.twitter.com/RILwITNPoA  Mark Pygas (@MarkPygas) January 19, 2017@glogh1 @realDonaldTrumpNo smoke without fire . There's a reason these guys gave official support to Trump pic.twitter.com/sreB3BGCPd  Tom Taylor (@YesTomTaylor) January 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump Well, if the dingleberry who thinks Obama was ""born a Muslim"" says so, it must be true! REAL NEWS!!!  Ben Hooper (@BenHooperWrites) January 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump Oh go fuck yourself, traitor.  Joe Harris (@joeharris) January 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump Are you aware if members of your staff were being monitored by the FBI w/r/t unusual comms. with Russian officials?  Productivty Tips ?? (@productivyttips) January 19, 2017@realDonaldTrump Have you ever taken responsibility for your shitty actions..even once?  Michelle (@RageMichelle) January 19, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Oh, geez. He praised your Vlad for ""protecting children from any homosexual agenda."" What a nut! https://t.co/DUpTZjIxwA  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 19, 2017Trump may be taking office, but he is already plagued by who knows how many scandals at this point? The most important one surrounds Russia   not the lady pee bit, but the very serious probability that his team was directly colluding with the enemy to install him in office. In any case, our country is fucked. He knows it, you know it, and Putin knows it.Featured image via Getty Images (Mario Tama)/screengrab",0
2949, Conservative ‘Christians’ Get Their Asses Handed To Them For Supporting Healthcare Repeal,"A former evangelical Christian is ripping conservatives for repealing the Affordable Care Act.Bruce Horst knows what it is like to have pre-existing conditions while trying to purchase health insurance. Prior to Obamacare, insurance companies refused to cover him, leaving him and his family vulnerable if a health crisis ever arose. But because of Obamacare, people with pre-existing conditions can no longer be denied health insurance.Obamacare literally saved Horst and his family from the threat of bankruptcy over a medical issue.But last week during a late night vote, Republicans in the Senate and House voted to repeal the healthcare law that covers over 30 million Americans.And conservatives cheered.Well, that didn t sit well with Horst, who despite being an atheist, probably knows the Bible better than most of these so-called evangelical  Christians  do.So Horst took these fake Christians to the woodshed on Facebook for applauding the death sentence Republicans just handed to millions of human beings. I have the simple conviction that it is immoral to give a person medical help according to how much they can pay,  Horst wrote.  Or maybe it s because of what I ve read in the Bible. In 2010 I had been a Conservative Evangelical Christian for all of my adult life. I began to realize that others around me despised the thought of allowing people like me the benefit of affordable health insurance. For some reason, all of the Christians that I knew thought that offering health insurance to people like me would put them at some kind of a disadvantage that they were not willing to accept. Frankly, they had been lied to so they believed those  others  were going to get healthcare and make their own healthcare inadequate.As a Christian, I believed that I would be judged on the Final Judgment Day on how I took care of the  least of these  as described in the Bible book of Matthew, chapter 25. I came to the sober realization that Christians around me had no such convictions. If they didn t believe Jesus  words as recorded in the Bible, why should I? Then one day I discovered I could no longer believe any of it.While conservatives complain that not as many people are attending church anymore, it turns out their hypocrisy and heartlessness is one of the reasons why people such as Horst have stopped believing. Stripping millions of Americans of the healthcare they need just further proved that Horst was right to leave the church when he did.Horst went on to call out Republicans in Congress and blasted how the hypocritical conservatives are when they claim to be  pro-life. I understand that Congress is about to take away the healthcare coverage of about 18 million of our fellow Americans. And they are doing this at the insistence of Conservative Evangelical Christians. I have friends who are alive today because of Obamacare. Probably all of us do. To me, this proves my Christian friends are not pro-life, but instead they ve been told they are as a matter of manipulation, probably to keep them putting money in the offering plate, or voting for the  right  candidate. One thing is clear to me, they are not really pro-life.I don t know what Congress is going to do with healthcare in the next few days. I would love to be surprised to find that President Trump has convinced Congress to extend healthcare coverage to all, and I would be among the first to be grateful for this. While even if this does occur, if my Christian friends insist that healthcare only be given to people based on their ability to pay for such care, I would have to believe that the Jesus of the Bible would say to them,  depart from me, I never knew you.  Just like He did in Matthew 25.In other words, conservatives are going to hell for condemning millions of Americans to suffer. It s not what Jesus would do and any conservative who says otherwise is only pretending to be a Christian.Featured Image: i.ytimg.com",0
2950, Donald Trump’s New Campaign Slogan Is LITERALLY From Horror Film ‘The Purge’,"Seriously, he really picked this as his 2020 slogan. We re all gonna die.Donald Trump hasn t even served a day as president, and won t officially do so until Monday since he has decided that the first two days after his inauguration will be vacation days. However, he has already picked a slogan on which to run during the 2020 campaign.During an interview with the Washington Post, Trump got all sorts of giddy about a slogan he thought of to use four years from now.According to the Washington Post,Halfway through his interview with The Washington Post, Trump shared a bit of news: He already has decided on his slogan for a reelection bid in 2020. Are you ready?  he said.    Keep America Great,  exclamation point. Get me my lawyer!  the president-elect shouted.Two minutes later, one arrived. Will you trademark and register, if you would, if you like it   I think I like it, right? Do this:  Keep America Great,  with an exclamation point. With and without an exclamation.  Keep America Great,    Trump said. Got it,  the lawyer replied.There s just one legal problem and one terrifying problem with this new slogan.First of all, the slogan has already been used by a movie as a tagline, so trademarking and registering it could be rather difficult and result in legal issues.Second, the movie Trump is apparently trying to steal the slogan from is  The Purge: Election Year,  which is an installment of a horror film series, set in America, in a dystopian future where every citizen in this country is allowed to commit any crime they want, no matter how horrible, for an entire day without consequences.Don t believe it? Here s the trailer via YouTube.Here s another one in which the lead character, a U.S. Senator played by Elizabeth Mitchell, explains that the annual  purge  targets the poor and the innocent.Trump picked a seriously f*cked up slogan this time, and considering that he will be in control of the White House while Republicans control Congress, everyone should be scared to death.Featured Image via screen capture from embedded video ",0
2951, Trump TERRIFIES Businesses So Badly They’re Doing THIS To Avoid His Dangerous Fits (DETAILS),"Trump really needs his Twitter account permanently suspended, or someone needs to find a way to permanently lock him out of the platform. His tweets claiming credit for job creation he had nothing to do with, plus his blasting companies when they don t do what he wants, and his threat of a 35 percent  border tax,  has businesses terrified of ending up on his radar.And how are they responding? By repeating job announcements, or preemptively announcing new jobs and investments in the U.S., as if they are new developments, in order to appease Trump and generate fake news about  new  jobs. After Trump blasted Toyota on his Twitter account, the industry was nervous and wondering who was next.Toyota Motor said will build a new plant in Baja, Mexico, to build Corolla cars for U.S. NO WAY! Build plant in U.S. or pay big border tax.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 5, 2017He s gone after Lockheed-Martin and Boeing, too, plus others. Kristin Dziczek, a spokeswoman for the Center for Automotive Research said: Pretty much everybody is dreading being the subject of a tweet. Getting hauled out into the court of public opinion with virtually no warning is not something anybody wants to get engaged with. So they re doing the only thing they can think of to do. They re appeasing him. They ve been cowed. They ve been bullied. They ve been intimidated and coerced and it s ridiculous and disgusting.Most of the things they re announcing in the way of investment and job creation are things that are years in the making. For instance, GM admitted that they accelerated their plans under pressure from Trump, but those plans very likely date back to 2014.And GM has been bringing jobs back to the U.S. for years already.Walmart s plans are their usual annual plans. Sprint s jobs were part of an older promise from their parent company to create 50,000 jobs in the U.S. And Bayer and Monsanto, if they re allowed to merge, will be investing and spending what they already invest and spend here.Still, though, Trump has the entire corporate world running scared. If they were running scared in the right ways, this might actually be good. When they re acting because they re afraid of the president and his Twitter account, there s a serious problem.The automakers have started to time their announcements so that they appear to be Trump s doing, for the sole purpose of staying out of his line of fire. Other companies will probably start following suit, if for no other reason than to avoid having their reputations and stocks tank because Trump had a snit on Twitter.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
2952, BOMBSHELL: Trump Is Being Investigated By SIX Intelligence Agencies For Illegal Cash Payments From Putin,"You can probably expect Donald Trump to continue his seemingly endless string of tweets about the  fake news  from a baker s dozen intelligence agencies that says that he and his friends may have been involved in some rather unethical actions involving a certain Russian dictator, Trump s campaign staff, and possibly a whole mess of Russian lady pee.McClatchy DC reports that the FBI and five other law enforcement agencies, including the CIA, the National Security Agency, the Justice Department, the Treasury Department s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, and representatives of the Director of National Intelligence, are investigating whether the Kremlin took efforts to secure victory for The Donald. And apparently, Israeli spies were correct when they said that things were a lot worse than some nice escorts  draining the swamp on Trump s bed. McClatchy s report says:Investigators are examining how money may have moved from the Kremlin to covertly help Trump win, the two sources said. One of the allegations involves whether a system for routinely paying thousands of Russian-American pensioners may have been used to pay some email hackers in the United States or to supply money to intermediaries who would then pay the hackers, the two sources said.The informal, inter-agency working group began to explore possible Russian interference last spring, long before the FBI received information from a former British spy hired to develop politically damaging and unverified research about Trump, according to the sources, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the inquiry.Trump, who will be handed the nuclear launch codes and all of our country s secrets on Friday, has spent quite a bit of time praising, quoting, and agreeing with Vladimir Putin while attacking the intelligence agencies who are doing their jobs and attempting to bring a criminal   him   to justice. For his part, Trump has called the allegations against him a  political witch hunt  and a  complete and total fabrication,  and Americans who care about whether he colluded with the Kremlin  stupid people  and  fools. Trump may have screamed that Hillary Clinton should be  locked up,  but it may be that he is the one who will end up behind bars.Featured image by Scott Olson via Getty Images",0
2953, Trump Just Offered The Most BIZARRE Excuse For Russian Prostitute Urination Scandal (VIDEO),"With President-elect Donald Trump s inauguration just days away, it seems like he s still trying to clean up his most recent messes and scandals.One of the most recent bombshells to shake up Trump s deeply flawed transition was the public release of an unverified report that Trump had paid prostitutes to urinate on a bed President Barack Obama had previously slept in while visiting a hotel in Russia. In an interview with Fox News s Ainsley Earhardt, it seems like Trump is still trying to convince America that he didn t do it   and his excuses continue to get more pathetic. Trump said: It s fake news. It s all fake news. You know, I can say something about George Washington, I can say something about Abraham Lincoln, I can say something about you. I can just   fake news and [the CIA] shouldn t have been a part of it. Clearly nervous about the fact that Penthousehas recently offered a $1 million prize to anyone who could produce the tapes of the scandal, Trump s insecurity and panic came right through as he went into a weird denial-infused rant. Trump said: It s made up. Never existed. Never happened. And the reason I say that so strongly because nothing is ever going to show up. There s never going to be a tape that shows up. There s never going to be anything that shows up. Now, I would be very embarrassed if a tape actually showed up, saying something like that. It would be double embarrassed because I m saying there is no tape. There is no event. I was never even in that room for that period of time. Then, Trump ripped everyone from the GOP to the Democratic Party to the media: It started with the Republican Party when they tried to beat me in the nomination and it went on. The Democrats took over the work, supposedly. And by the intelligence giving it credence by just even talking about it   it was very inappropriate. So I don t know who the leaker was. I have no idea, but it s fake news. You can watch Trump miserably fail at doing damage control below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
2954, Insane Trump Ally Claims He’s Victim Of Russian-Style Assassination Attempt (VIDEO),"Out of all the insane people who are part of Trump s posse, former campaign manager Roger Stone has to win the loony prize. Stone regularly immerses himself with full-on white supremacists. During the presidential campaign, Stone was so insane that he (was forced to) quit because of all the controversy surrounding him. Apparently, he didn t want to upstage the candidate s own controversies. Now he says he has been poisoned because he knows too much about Russia, only it s not Russia, he says, that s doing the poisoning.On Tuesday, Stone appeared on conspiracy nut Alex Jones  InfoWars claiming that he had been poisoned with polonium, which is Putin and the Russian s poison of choice. However, Stone is making the claim that it was Congress (or something) that poisoned him. I became extremely ill. This manifested itself in over 14 days of high fever, delirium, night sweats, I had lesions on my chest and my face,  Stone explained to Jones.  The general consensus is I was poisoned. I was poisoned with polonium or a substance that has the characteristics of polonium and this made me exceedingly ill.  Stone s theory is that someone poisoned him because he has proof that Russia was not behind the hacks of the Democratic National Committee and John Podesta,  This is about stopping the Trump agenda,  he said.  I would blow the whistle on this whole bogus Russian narrative that they just won t let go of. Source: MediaiteHere s the insane video:He also tweeted about it:Yes, I believe I was poisoned to stop me from exposing the  Russian Hacking  LIE b4 the Congressional Investigation @StoneColdTruth  Roger Stone (@RogerJStoneJr) January 17, 2017Yes, Doctors say I was poisoned   WHO would do such a thing ? https://t.co/6o4hHgAJ2e  Roger Stone (@RogerJStoneJr) January 18, 2017While this story sounds like a bad Tom Clancy novel, it makes zero sense since people knew of Russia s involvement long before the election and if there was some vast anti-Trump, anti-Russia conspiracy theory, it would have come to fruition before Trump won the Electoral College, not after. The far more believable explanation is that Stone, who nobody really gives a crap about, wasn t poisoned and that he s trying to hawk his new book.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
2955, Trump Will HATE What Stephen Colbert Just Did To Him – It’s Pure Comedy Genius (VIDEO),"It can be said that Late Show host Stephen Colbert clearly gives no f*cks about what Donald Trump thinks of him. In addition, if Trump were to decide to angry-tweet Colbert in retaliation, you know that Colbert would wear that Twitter fit as a badge of honor, as he should.Absolutely annihilating Trump, his connection to Putin, the Russian prostitute story, the fact that he wants to take a mini-vacation after the inauguration, and the fact that, well, he s clearly full of sh*t, Colbert didn t hold back even bringing God, yes that God almighty with a gun, into the mix.Colbert even brought up the fact that Trump s approval ratings are absolutely pathetic, especially when compared to President Obama s approval rating upon entering office. Not only that, but Colbert had to admit something terrible   that he and white supremacists have one thing in common, they are absolutely disappointed in Trump   albeit clearly for different reasons.The Late Show host even pointed out that Trump will blame everything on being rigged if it doesn t go his way. Even if the weather is bad on Inauguration Day, that s clearly a conspiracy against him.Watch Colbert absolutely shred Trump here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
2956, Texas Diner Owner ANNIHILATED Over Horribly Racist MLK Day Lunch Special (VIDEO),"Anyone with half a brain knows that foods like fried chicken and watermelon have historically been used to disparage African Americans. It s another part of our ugly history here, dating back to slavery and Jim Crow. The idea is to depict us as lazy and intellectually inferior to our white counterparts. So, with that in mind, what does the owner of a Texas diner do in celebration of Martin Luther King, Jr. Day? Runs a lunch special of chicken and waffles with a side of watermelon.Sabrina Pyle, who owns Azle Cafe in the Texas town of the same name, insists she wasn t being racist by celebrating a civil rights icon like Martin Luther King, Jr., by promoting racist stereotypes, but it was too late. Someone saw the social media post promoting her bigoted lunch special, and soon, all of Facebook and other platforms were calling her out on her bullshit. Pyle defended herself by saying: I wasn t thinking about the historical (context). I was thinking, we have margaritas and tacos on Cinco de Mayo, so, let s have some fun with Martin Luther King Day. I just did something distasteful. I just didn t think it through. No, you did something racist. Yeah, we all know your response will be a vehement denial of any racism on your part, but you need to realize how harmful this stuff is, and I hope your business suffers for it. I never thought I d say this, but I wish I lived in Texas just so I could boycott that shitty little diner of yours. I am sure there are enough fine people around your area to take that mantle up, though.Watch the local news report below, via WFAA:Featured image via screen capture",0
2957, Trump Stages Photo Of Himself ‘Writing’ His Own Inaugural Address And Gets Hilariously Burned By The Internet,"Donald Trump claims he is writing his own Inaugural Address and posted an image to Twitter as  proof.  The Internet laughed out loud.Trump looks like he is not enjoying anything that requires thinking and the image is clearly staged to once again dupe his gullible supporters into believing that he is actually writing it himself. Trump also dubbed his Mar-a-Lago resort the  winter White House,  which also pissed people off.Writing my inaugural address at the Winter White House, Mar-a-Lago, three weeks ago. Looking forward to Friday. #Inauguration pic.twitter.com/S701FdTCQu  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 18, 2017In reality, it s hard to believe Trump is capable of writing anything longer than 140 characters, so it s obvious that a speechwriter is doing all the work just like Trump hired a ghostwriter to pen his books.The image is so bad, in fact, that Twitter users couldn t help but mercilessly mock Trump.@realDonaldTrump I hope you ve been working on that vocabulary of yours.  Kris Sanchez (@KrisSanchez) January 18, 2017.@realDonaldTrump  Four Score and Seven Years ago, all the haters, losers and enemies (sadly of which there are many), were born fucked up!  pic.twitter.com/mpg9hkN6dQ  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) January 18, 2017.@realDonaldTrump  ..I stand before you, ready to hit the  sleazebags  back, much better than seeing a psychiatrist (which I never have)..  pic.twitter.com/FsuBAvDr06  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) January 18, 2017.@realDonaldTrump  to fight hoaxes such as Global warming invented by the Chinese, environmentally friendly light bulbs, and vaccines..  pic.twitter.com/mhpy8BBAtJ  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) January 18, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Oh, honey, this looks terribly staged. Is that a magic marker?  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 18, 2017.@realDonaldTrump And, dear, I know you need a familiar bed, but the  winter White House  is the White House.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump Who is translating it from the original Russian for you?  Neil Miller (@rejects) January 18, 2017.@realDonaldTrump plagiarize Obamas? pic.twitter.com/fTOVZcIGDn  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump that is a blank piece of paper and you re holding a closed sharpie pic.twitter.com/ekCcH8eTXe  Jules Suzdaltsev (@jules_su) January 18, 2017I notice you re no longer hanging around live eagles pic.twitter.com/WH66BENVpV  Roland Scahill (@rolandscahill) January 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump Between the staging and the obviously blank paper, I m thinking #FakeNews, right?  Danielle Smith (@DanielleSmithTV) January 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump Will it start with  Four Russian Whores And Seven Hacks Ago  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) January 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump that s not how people write, Donald. You need to put the paper flat on the desk, and open the notepad.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) January 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump wow looks great pic.twitter.com/kRxMCN4yLB  elisabeth (@esjesj) January 18, 2017Does anyone want to bet that Trump will fill his speech with many of the greatest words ever spoken by past presidents and take credit for them himself? Because he sure as hell isn t going to think of something original.Featured image via Twitter",0
2958, Tiffany Trump And Her Mother Just Tried To Get An EXPENSIVE Service For Free Because They’re Rich,"Freelancers love entitled people, really we do, especially when those entitled people are also rich. Giving away our services to those who can easily pay market rates for them is just so much better than, you know, getting paid in actual dollars that we can turn around and use to pay our bills. And Tiffany Trump and her mother, Trump s second wife Marla Maples, just put themselves into the category of rich, entitled jagoffs who think people owe them work for free.They re both going to Trump s inauguration on Friday, and of course, they have to look absolutely perfect. That means getting their hair and makeup done by stylists and artists. Tricia Kelly, a freelance stylist, received word from a contact with connections to the Trumps that Tiffany and Marla were looking for someone to do this work for them. So she got in touch, gave them her rates for both work and travel, and Marla wasn t having it:But Maples, through her assistant, balked.  I was told they had a $300 budget for both of them for hair and makeup,  Kelly says.How the hell do those two only have a $300 budget? A regular person with a decent-paying job has a $300 budget for this (maybe). Maples reportedly has a net worth of $20 million. Tiffany has a reported net worth of just $600,000, but she s also 22 and she s also Maples  daughter. And they only have a budget of $300 for this?Please, don t make us laugh too hard. It hurts.Kelly managed to negotiate a total cost of $350, which is still absurdly cheap. But that s apparently when things got really ridiculous. After Kelly got Maples  assistant to agree to that rate, she then asked if Kelly would be willing to do the work  for exposure.  It s not even  exposure  in the form of a tear sheet she could put in a portfolio, or something else tangible.No this exposure would be in the form of Maples mentioning her on social media.Jesus fucking Christ but these people are spoiled rotten brats. And when Kelly wouldn t do it, she got veiled threats in return: You are messing with the president of the United States,  the Maples contact wrote her, adding that Maples was worried about her financial situation with Tiffany out of college, ending child-support payments from the president-elect.  She is used to a certain lifestyle and you don t understand that. So? She s still worth $20 million, so she can shut it. And even if one could say there was a legitimate worry about money now, well, like the rest of us, if she can t afford a pricey service, then she can jolly well do without. She is not entitled to people s work without compensation any more than any of the rest of us are.Sure, there are stylists, artists and designers who are willing to loan things to, or do complimentary work for, A-list celebrities because that is exposure that will translate into more paying work and better rates and prices. Sorry to say, though, that Marla and Tiffany are not exactly A-listers here. And they are associated with politics, which people working in these fields tend to shun unless they re getting paid.Kelly was shocked by the entitlement complex, as any of us would have been in her shoes: There are people who make far less than they do who pay full price,  she said.  People on staff   the incoming White House and the outgoing one  pay full price. It seemed like they were trying to see how much they could get for free based on their names. The market rates for these services run anywhere from $1,200 to over $5,000. So even the $350 that Maples  assistant said they would pay was a pittance.Seriously? Give us a break. In other words, she and Tiffany are just as used to getting what they want from us peons as Cheetolini and the rest of his family. And if they want you to work for free, then dammit, you will work for free or you will face the consequences, and that is that.Featured image by Kevin Winter via Getty Images",0
2959," Trump Tweets Deranged, Self-Congratulatory ‘Fake News’ Rant And Gets His Ass Stomped By The Internet","Trump s ongoing meltdown over  fake news  (the rest of us call it  reporting) organizations entered what seems like its eighteenth year on Wednesday after NBC correctly reported on the  Today  show that companies like Wal-Mart and General Motors are pulling a fast one on Trump by saying that job creation that was going to happen anyway was because of him in an effort to trick him into liking them.But don t take NBC s word for it.The CEOs of Fiat Chrysler and Ford said job announcements were business decisions and not a result of pressure from Trump https://t.co/lh8MhyoIAf  David Shepardson (@davidshepardson) January 18, 2017Nevertheless, Trump decried any reporting that does not place him as some kind of job creation wizard as  fake news,  the new right-wing term for  facts    in third person, nonetheless.Totally biased @NBCNews went out of its way to say that the big announcement from Ford, G.M., Lockheed & others that jobs are coming back  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 18, 2017to the U.S., but had nothing to do with TRUMP, is more FAKE NEWS. Ask top CEO's of those companies for real facts. Came back because of me!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 18, 2017Reuters reporter David Shepardson did ask the CEOs of Fiat Chrysler and Ford, both of whom confirmed that Trump has nothing to do with anything their companies do.The CEOs of Fiat Chrysler and Ford said job announcements were business decisions and not a result of pressure from Trump https://t.co/lh8MhyoIAf  David Shepardson (@davidshepardson) January 18, 2017Trump s rant continued:""Bayer AG has pledged to add U.S. jobs and investments after meeting with President-elect Donald Trump, the latest in a string "" @WSJ  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 18, 2017No wonder the Today Show on biased @NBC is doing so badly compared to its glorious past. Little credibility!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 18, 2017[Fun Fact: The  Today Show  celebrated a record-setting month in December]This massive outpouring of dumbf*ckery, of course, did not go unchecked for long. The Internet swept in and was nice enough to remind Trump   as they do as part of the ritual surrounding his moronic Twitter musings daily   that he is an utter failure of a human being in every way..@realDonaldTrump No, they reported the truth. pic.twitter.com/IMdM4PPFYS  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 18, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Just because the reporting doesn't fit your false narrative doesn't make it ""fake."" You're setting a dangerous precedent. pic.twitter.com/OhBCsh1lQA  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump Don't let your Twitter minions lull you into a false sense of security  this is why the world thinks you're a joke.  Kris Sanchez (@KrisSanchez) January 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump so the only media we can trust are Golf Digest, Infowars, Breitbart, and your Twitter feed. Got it.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) January 18, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Honey you're about to be sworn in as President of the United States and you're frantically trashing a TV show.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nbc Jesus, are you just going to try to smear and discredit all mainstream media as President? Total embarrassment. Sad!  Mike P Williams (@Mike_P_Williams) January 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nbc just like The Apprentice, with Executive Producer DJT?  That's you! Tanking   just like your approval rating. Sad!  Andy Sternberg (@andysternberg) January 18, 2017Can he just go back to his morning shower? @BenSRachinger @realDonaldTrump @nbc pic.twitter.com/2yzepUTDmS  No Filter Alexa ? (@realAlexaPark) January 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump Well, if anyone knows about having little credibility, it's the guy who refuses to pay people who perform services for him.  Jordan Brenner (@JordanBrenner) January 18, 2017@realDonaldTrump @nbc President Putin showered praise on you yesterday. Your thoughts?   pic.twitter.com/rSZxP5dcQz  Jean-Pierre Boutros (@BoutrosTO) January 18, 2017Donald Trump will be our President on Friday and his primary focus is attacking news organizations who report unflattering but true things about him. If this is the sort of behavior we can expect from him as POTUS, we are totally f*cked.Featured image via Getty Images/Win McNamee",0
2960, WATCH: People Interviewed Explain Why Affordable Care Act Is Better Than Obamacare,"You ve seen the tweets and Facebook comments from conservatives who prefer the Affordable Care Act Over Obamacare   which are totally the same thing. What conservatives really want is for President Obama s name to not be attached to his signature legislation. Trump is discussing  Insurance for everyone  which sounds a lot like Single Payer, something we might have had except that conservatives kept yelling for the gubbermint to keep their socialist hands off their Medicare. Whatever. So, we ended up with a watered down version of health care.Late night host Jimmy Kimmel again used his  Man on the street  segment to interview (mock) those who do not know there is no difference between Obamacare and the ACA. It s a straight-up partisan issue with supporters of the President who preferred Obamacare and Trump fans who preferred the Affordable Care Act.Kimmel wanted to see if people had learned anything since the time he did a similar segment three years ago. We decided to ask this question again to see if Americans had learned everything over the last three years,  Kimmel said. And unfortunately, nothing has changed.A woman the interviewer approached said she  doesn t support Obama so I don t support the Obama-things he s got going on. So, you don t like anything Obama does and you prefer the Affordable Care Act?  he asked the woman.  She said,  Absolutely. One man said he supports the Affordable Care Act because his girlfriend is a Trump supporter.Another man said the difference between the two is that  one you pay and the other Obama pays for you. I believe with Obamacare the premiums are too high, so I believe in the Affordable Care Act,  another man who was interviewed said. So, the Affordable Care Act is more affordable than Obamacare?  the interviewer asked. Correct,  the man said.  Which is obvious because it s in the name. The interviewer told one woman who admitted she doesn t like Obama,  What if I told you Obamacare and the Affordable Care Act are the same thing? She just stood there like a deer caught in the headlights.One guy was just too stoned to grasp the question.Watch:This is why we can t have nice things.Image via screen capture",0
2961, Trump’s Education Secretary Gets ROASTED After Saying Guns In Schools Will Prevent Bear Attacks (TWEETS/VIDEO),"Our children are at risk, people! Fortunately, there is one woman who is willing to take a brave stand and confront this danger head-on   Trump education secretary pick Betsy DeVos. On Tuesday, supergenius DeVos was asked a very simple question: Do you think guns have any place in or around schools? Now, most of us would have answered that question with a simple  no,  but not DeVos. She sees a danger the rest of us are missing: bears.But never fear! Trump would never appoint someone who is completely unqualified to any position. Sure, she doesn t know that the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act is a thing, but  DeVos has the perfect answer to this hidden and severe threat against our children   a whole bunch of motherf*cking guns.DeVos says the decision to allow guns in schools is best left to locales and states to decide  because bear attacks are apparently a thing, and we wouldn t want students undefended while Yogi searches their school for a pic-a-nic basket, would we? I will refer back to Senator Enzi and the school he was talking about in Wyoming,  DeVos said.  I would imagine that there is probably a gun in the schools to protect from potential grizzlies.  As it turns out, Wyoming schools do not keep a pile of guns around to deal with an ever-looming threat of bear attacks.UPDATE: Teacher at Wyoming school Betsy DeVos said needed guns to shoot ""grizzlies"" says that's ""absolutely"" untruehttps://t.co/dWneudD0Tf pic.twitter.com/oVb8kEdAgL  Tom McKay (@thetomzone) January 18, 2017But, hey, at least the folks on Twitter are having fun:Screenshot from the National Geographic special Betsy DeVos watched to prove grizzly bears are a threat to schools  pic.twitter.com/c3ATfOdMJy  Guy Fi-hairy (@ih8_mayo) January 18, 2017Betsy DeVos took @StephenAtHome very literally. #GrizzlyBears #DeVosHearing pic.twitter.com/OKpsE3UQNk  FooseBallsOFire (@FooseBallsOFire) January 18, 2017We can't tell you how many times in the past year we've had a lockdown because  #grizzlybears. ? #NotMySOE #StopDeVos #DeVosHearing  Wa Badass Teachers A (@WaBATs_) January 18, 2017Maybe grizzly bears can home school your kids. Grizzlies aren't that bad and they're quite good at quadratic equations. #DeVosHearing  Imani Gandy (@AngryBlackLady) January 18, 2017Betsy DeVos said we need to have guns in schools to protect children from grizzly bears. What is wrong with these people? #DeVosHearing pic.twitter.com/eLeagUHrDo   nnydi g  ? (@bennydiego) January 18, 2017DeVos: Guns in schools so kids can protect themselves from grizzly bears. 200+ school shootings since 2013, 0 grizzly attacks.  Peter Ambler (@PeterMAmbler) January 18, 2017#BetsyDeVos says we need guns in schools to protect kids from grizzly bears.Not even kidding. #DeVosHearing pic.twitter.com/SIeTT0pusL  Chad R. MacDonald (@ChadMac19) January 18, 2017Guys, I'm very worried about grizzly bears in Ohio's public schools.  John Scalzi (@scalzi) January 18, 2017DeVos won't say guns shouldn't be in schools.Because sometimes kids need to be defended against grizzly bears.SERIOUSLY SHE SAID THAT  S Dynarski (@dynarski) January 18, 2017The Bible teaches us that God uses bears to kill children who disrespect elders. (2 Kings 2:23-24) Why is Betsy DeVos against God's plan?  Alexandra Erin (@alexandraerin) January 18, 2017I'm confused. Betsy DeVos wants to bring God into schools but also guns because I guess God isn't powerful enough to stop grizzly bears.  Sarcasticsapien (@Sarcasticsapien) January 18, 2017COMMITTEE: Yes or no. Would you enforce a school-wide fight to the death like Battle Royale? DEVOS: (breathing heavy) oh god yes  Mike Drucker (@MikeDrucker) January 18, 2017Betsy DeVos answering questions at the senate hearing was like listening to a 4 year old try to explain what happens while you're asleep.  Johnny Taylor, Jr. (@hipsterocracy) January 18, 2017We need a Secretary of Education that will work hard to end all of the grizzly bear on bear crime in schools.OHHHHH BETSY DEVOS!  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) January 18, 2017Asked if she would support Trump s plan to allow guns in schools, hospitals, day cares, and anywhere else a federal ban on gun-free zones would allow people to bring their firearms, DeVos explained that her  heart bleeds and is broken for those families that have lost any individual due to gun violence.  She did not say whether or not this includes the children who will be slaughtered as a result of Trump s policies.Watch what is quite possibly the dumbest thing you will hear from DeVos until the next time she opens her mouth:Featured image via Getty Images (Drew Angerer)/screengrab",0
2962," Donald Trump’s Latest Namesake Has Bad Hair And Small Genitals, But It Flies","Before running the most controversial and bombastic political campaign in recent presidential history, Donald Trump was perhaps best known for plastering his name, preferably plated in gold, across absolutely everything he could   especially on very tall phallic symbols. He might not be as proud of his latest namesake, though. It s a moth and it s known for its weird  hair  and its tiny genitalia.Image via Twitter.This centimeter-wide moth was identified by evolutionary biologist and lepidopterist Vazrick Nazari, who announced the find in a paper published Tuesday in the open-access journal ZooKeys. Nazari settled on the name N. donaldtrumpi because the silky yellow-white scales these moths develop on their heads in adulthood reminded him of the President-elect s signature hairdo.By meticulously examining specimens of the moth and its close relatives, Nazari was able to catalogue its unique anatomy, including its male genitalia, which is  comparatively smaller  than the moth s close relative Neopalpa neonata, according to the study.Source: MotherboardOh, but it gets worse for the President Elect. The moth is native to Trump s nemesis state of California, and into Mexico. Did I mention that it has really tiny genitals? Well, it s worth mentioning again.The moth is also known as a Twirler Moth, and like the man it s named from, it exhibits unexplainable bursts of frantic behavior. If it had hands, it would probably be tweeting weird vendettas at 3:00 am as well.Naming the moth after Trump wasn t just a silly jab at the thin-skinned man baby about to occupy the Oval Office. It was a pretty clever attempt at bringing attention to the moth and to the environment. By naming this species after the 45th President of the United States, I hope to bring some public attention to, and interest in, the importance of alpha-taxonomy in better understanding the neglected micro-fauna component of the North American biodiversity. The timing couldn t be better. Republicans are already set to roll back parts of the Endangered Species Act.Dr. Peter Oboyski, manager and curator of the Essig Museum of Entomology at University of California, Berkeley, hopes that this finding will help bring attention to all species of moths, most of which we may never discover, before they go extinct. As for Trump, Dr. Oboyski said:Hopefully our new president will take pride in having a species named for him, recognize the enormous task set before biologists and encourage his administration to support research to discover and describe the overwhelming biodiversity all around us while it is still there.Let s hope.Featured image via Christopher Furlong/Getty Images",0
2963," Russians Mint ‘In Trump We Trust’ Coin To Commemorate U.S. Inauguration (IMAGE, VIDEO)","Just before the Inauguration for the president-elect, a Russian metal working company has minted a sterling silver coin to commemorate Donald Trump s big day. The coin features Trump s face and the Statue of Liberty is on the flip side. The coin includes the slogan  In Trump we trust.  Well, Russia certainly trusts Trump more than American citizens do. Trump will enter the Oval Office with the worst approval rating in modern history for a president-elect.Only 45 of the limited-edition coins have been made.Image: screen capture via Associated Press. The man in charge of  Art-Grani,  spoke with the the Associated Press Television News and said the coins were designed to express his and other Russian business leaders   hopes associated with Trump. Vladimir Vasyukhin s company is about 650 miles east of Moscow, in south-central Russia s Chelyabinsk region. He said, there are more hopes associated with Trump with regards to the lifting of sanctions; maybe the environment (between the U.S. and Russia) will change. CBS reports:Mr. Trump even suggested in an interview with the Times of London several days ago that he might be willing to drop some of the sanctions against Moscow in exchange for an agreement on nuclear arms reduction. Moscow s reaction to the proposal was muted, and on Tuesday, Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said he didn t actually see it as a proposal from the incoming president.Five of the commemorative coins will be cast in silver and the others will be cast in gold.They measure almost five inches in diameter and weigh about two pounds each, similar to coins made by the company featuring Putin and other notable Russians.Watch:We re wondering when the president-elect s accent will start changing to Russian. Trump has praised Russian President Vladimir Putin as a strong leader who is  very smart. Vasyukhin said the coins will sell for thousands of dollars and added that his company would like to give the first coin to Trump. Maybe Trump could use the coin to pay back some of the money he owes to Russian banks.Coincidentally, Ann Coulter authored a book titled,  In Trump We Trust: E Pluribus Awesome! We re told by Trump supporters that Donald will be tough on Russia. Is anyone else laughing, too?Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
2964," U.S. Press Corps Breaks Silence, Drops MAJOR Bombshell In SCATHING Open Letter To Trump (DETAILS)","The way President-elect Donald Trump has treated the press during his presidential campaign, only to get far worse after winning the election, is nothing but terrifying. Trump has not only ditched press pools and created distrust for the media, but he has issued threats to punish or silence reporters for doing their jobs and holding him accountable. Trump has never sounded more like a dictator, and quite frankly we should all be very worried about what he s going to do once he gets into the White House.Fortunately, the press is fighting back. Editor in chief and publisher of the Columbia Journalism Review Kyle Pope has just written an open letter to Trump on behalf of the U.S. Press Corps, and it s a strong message to Trump that things aren t going to go the way he wants them to go. Pope wrote: In these final days before your inauguration, we thought it might be helpful to clarify how we see the relationship between your administration and the American press corps. Pope then expertly outlined several attacks Trump has made on the press which have made the relationship between Trump and journalists extremely tense. Pope said: You ve banned news organizations from covering you. You ve taken to Twitter to taunt and threaten individual reporters and encouraged your supporters to do the same. You ve advocated for looser libel laws and threatened numerous lawsuits of your own, none of which has materialized. But while you have every right to decide your ground rules for engaging with the press, we have some, too. Pope noted that even if Trump tried to prevent journalists from having access to him, the media would not back down. Pope warned the President-elect that the press would merely take it on as a  challenge : We are very good at finding alternative ways to get information   Telling reporters that they won t get access to something isn t what we d prefer, but it s a challenge we relish. Signaling that what Trump has really done by suppressing the media is unite it, Pope stated that the press would be working together to hold him accountable now, specifically pointing out a disgusting incident in which Trump belittled and attacked CNN reporter Jim Acosta at a press conference last week: We now recognize that the challenge of covering you requires that we cooperate and help one another whenever possible. So, when you shout down or ignore a reporter at a press conference who has said something you don t like, you re going to face a unified front. We ll work together on stories when it makes sense, and make sure the world hears when our colleagues write stories of importance. Pope made it perfectly clear that journalists were not going to play by his rules and have every intention of being involved in covering his presidency honestly and with transparency, no matter how much he hates it or threatens them. Pope said: We ve been around since the founding of the republic, and our role in this great democracy has been ratified and reinforced again and again and again. Enjoy your inauguration. This is EXACTLY what we needed our press to say to this tyrant, and we hope it terrifies him.Featured image via Drew Angerer / Getty Images",0
2965, Michael Moore Says He Is ‘Absolutely’ Convinced Trump Will Ban Muslims,"Filmmaker and activist Michael Moore said there is no doubt in his mind that Donald Trump will go through with banning Muslims from the United States, just like he said he would.Speaking to Variety, Moore said that he has already done his grieving over Trump s win, which he saw coming long before it became a reality. I went through my five stages of grief months and months ago when I realized he was going to win,  he said.Moore said that he has  taken him literally and seriously since day one,  which is why he fully expects Trump to do all the horrible things he said he would on the campaign trail, like building a wall along our southern border to keep out all the rapey Mexicans. You do have to take Trump at his word,  Moore said.  I still hear people say,  Oh, he s not really going to build the wall.  Oh, he is going to build it. He knows that he s got to deliver at least a version of the wall. This, Moore explained, is why he  absolutely  believes Trump will go through with enacting his Muslim ban. He s shown how he s going to do it,  Moore said.  He s going to get away with it by making it a ban on Muslims who come from the following countries. He needs just enough cover for his crowd to say,  Oh, he s being reasonable there. He s not banning all Muslims. Moore also said that he was profoundly affected by Meryl Streep s powerful speech denouncing Trump at the Golden Globes. I had tears in my eyes,  Moore said.  It was so powerfully delivered by the perfect person. She was talking about human empathy. It was not about being a Republican or a Democrat. It was about: Have you no decency, sir? Trump s supporters like to say that they don t take what he says literally. But that is a mistake. As Maya Angelou said,  When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time.  We know who Trump is. And we also know it s going to be a long four years.Featured image via Kevin Winter/Getty Images For AFI",0
2966," Whoopi Goldberg FURIOUS Over Trump’s John Lewis Attacks, GOES OFF In PERFECT Pre-Inauguration Rant (VIDEO)","As the majority of Americans are completely depressed and worried sick over what is going to happen to this country after President-elect Donald Trump is officially in charge, The View came through to perfectly point out just why Trump is such a concern.On Tuesday, co-host Whoopi Goldberg brought up a topic that most of us are still extremely upset about, especially right after Martin Luther King Day   Trump s vicious attacks on civil rights leader and Democratic Congressman John Lewis. Tearing Trump a new one for throwing a temper tantrum just because Lewis said he didn t consider Trump a  legitimate  president (face it, most of us don t), Goldberg reminded Trump that he himself has been raising questions and conspiracy theories about President Barack Obama s legitimacy for years. Urging Trump to grow the hell up and  get yourself right , she pointed out just how thin-skinned Trump is when she said: You can t do it for eight years and then be pissed off that someone does the same thing to you, comrade. Look, that s what America is built on, man. And if you re going to be the president you ve got to get yourself right, because people are going to be coming at you because now there are questions about your presidency. Maybe the same kind of BS questions you might have had if you d been thinking, had you thought about this. The women on The View also made sure to note that Lewis, the man that Trump accused of being all talk, talk, talk   no action or results,  had suffered a fractured skull while marching with Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. in Selma. Meanwhile, Trump had dodged the draft and has no examples of ever being of service to others. Clearly, we all know who the real bullsh*tter is here.Railing against Trump for his complete meltdown in the form of various Twitter attacks not only on Lewis, but on CIA director John Brennan and Alec Baldwin (and others), Goldberg said what most of us have been thinking the whole time: You ve got too much time on your hands, man. You better be trying to figure out what to do! Exactly. You can watch the women of The View rip Trump apart in the two-part series below:Featured image via screenshots",0
2967, Pres. Obama Just Saved Chelsea Manning On His Way Out The Door,"Presidential commutations and pardons are not at all uncommon. However, they can sometimes be controversial. President Obama s commutations and pardons are no different. Case in point   his commutation of former Army soldier Chelsea Manning s 35-year prison sentence for her activities regarding leaking secrets to Wikileaks.Manning was charged and prosecuted as Bradley Manning, and then, after a great struggle, underwent gender reassignment surgery in prison and changed her name to Chelsea Manning. There was plenty of evidence that, like many transgender people, Manning was treated inhumanely in the military prison. She has attempted suicide on two occasions, and it is reported that she did not receive proper care after her surgery. She has also been subjected to solitary confinement.With President Obama s action, the cruel and unusual punishment Manning has been subjected to will come to an end on May 17, 2017. Manning will have been in jail for roughly seven years at that time.This also may help bring Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to justice, as last week Wikileaks tweeted the following: If Obama grants Manning clemency Assange will agree to US extradition despite clear unconstitutionality of DoJ case. While there is no way of knowing if this is true or not, considering who Julian Assange is, it would certainly be a step in the right direction.Of course, conservatives are hating on the President s decision. Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn of Texas tried to say that President Obama s using his power in this way is bad for the cause of criminal justice reform: I think on the larger issue of criminal justice reform, the president is really undermining our political capital by granting clemency at an unprecedented rate. People say, well why should we change the sentencing rules in criminal justice reform if the president can just do it with a flick of his pen? This is, of course, a load of BS, but facts and Republicans don t mix very well these days. Anyone with a brain knows that an overhaul of the so-called  justice  system is needed, full stop. A few commutations and pardons here and there will not change that fact.Good on you, Mr. President, for doing the right thing. We sure will miss you.Featured image via Flickr",0
2968, Eric Trump Promotes New Nickname For His Dad; Same One Cons Used To INSULT Obama (TWEET),"For years, conservatives have been attacking President Obama for supposedly taking too many vacations and playing golf. There was even a website set up to supposedly keep track of every outing.President Obama was even dubbed the  Golfer-in-Chief  as an insult.However, now that Donald Trump will be the guy who will sit in the Oval Office, being called the  Golfer-in-Chief  is suddenly a proud title.After Golf Digest did a piece on Trump, they made this the cover, and Eric Trump tweeted it out!Thank you to @GolfDigest for this incredible feature! ""Golfer-in-Chief"" @RealDonaldTrump https://t.co/vpdY4jNbI4 pic.twitter.com/Q5fzH4fpmH  Eric Trump (@EricTrump) January 17, 2017With dear old dad retweeting it, of course:via TwitterNow,  Golfer-in-Chief  is apparently a term of endearment and no longer an insult.Will hypocritical conservatives nationwide, who once slammed Obama for daring to take a moment off for 9-18 rounds of golf also slam Trump? Highly unlikely. They will likely say Trump deserves a little downtime to play a few rounds of golf whenever he pleases.After all, Trump is the hypocrite-in-chief so it s rather befitting.It s as if they are all goldfish, and nothing before today ever happened. Everything is shiny and new and insults are now terms of adoration. If Trump does it, it s magical. If Obama did it, it was evil. Even if it s the same f*cking thing.Featured Photo by Jeff J Mitchell via Getty Images",0
2969, VP Of Trump Transition Team To Dems: ‘Put Your Big Boy Pants On’ And Attend Inauguration (VIDEO),"The Women s March on Washington started out smaller, but now it s set to be one of the biggest protests in American history. The protest started out with tens of thousands of women expected to march, but then it went viral. Now men are joining the demonstration as well. Hundreds of thousands of protesters are expected to show up the day after Donald Trump is sworn in. In addition, more than 50 Democratic lawmakers are skipping the Inauguration. After Trump attacked Rep. John Lewis on Twitter, the number of lawmakers expected to opt out of attending rose from thirty to 56.In an interview with CNN s Chris Cuomo, the vice-president of Trump s transition team used odd wording on Tuesday to prompt Democrats to attend the Inauguration.Rep. Sean Duffy (R-WI) said that Democrats need to put on their  big boy pants  and attend Friday s inauguration.Yeah, sure, that ll make them go.Duffy then blasted the Democratic lawmakers who say they will not attend Trump s big event. I was not thrilled, it was a very depressing day in 2008 and 2012 in the Duffy household when President Obama won reelection,  Duffy said.  We fought hard for the Republican candidate. We weren t happy. But guess what? We go to the inauguration, maybe with a heavy heart, but it s part of this American process that Republicans and Democrats come together as one America. While whining about the Inauguration, Duffy compared Democrats to children:Duffy compared the Democrats who are participating in the boycott to children who are  used to getting a juice box and a trophy  even when they lose. Listen, Donald Trump won,  he said.  You may not agree with his agenda just like we didn t agree with President Obama s agenda. But show up! That s your duty as a Republican congressman. Be part of the process. Duffy said that Republicans may not attend the next Democratic president s inauguration. Because what this does is, in the future, what happens with the next Democrat [sic] presidential election  are Republicans supposed to say that we re going to stay home, that these events become partisan in nature?  he remarked.  That s bad for the country. Show up, be part of it. Put your big boy pants on and let s start working together. Watch:Poor Sean. It s got to suck that Trump is the least popular president-elect in modern history. Meanwhile, President Obama will leave the office as the most successful Democratic president since Franklin D. Roosevelt. Obama s approval rating is soaring while Trump s is plunging.Trump has the worst approval rating in modern history while entering office.Featured image via screen capture",0
2970, Trump Now Desperately Buying Facebook Ads To Beg Americans He Called ‘Stupid’ To Come To Inauguration,"What if you threw a party and most of the people who would otherwise attend avoided it like a particularly virulent strain of syphilis had gone airborn in a ten-mile radius surrounding the National Mall? At this point, the festivities surrounding the inauguration of the United States  next Grand Wizard, Donald Trump, are shaping up to be a complete disaster that will be referenced in every non-Texas history book for generations to come.A minority of Americans and a broken system with a special helping hand from Vladimir Putin and James Comey may have barely  elected  Donald Trump President, but he remains the least popular person to step into the Oval Office since Osama bin Hitler took office in 1897 in an alternate timeline (that s right, we had to reach outside reality to find something to which we could compare Trump s  yuge  level of unpopularity).Trump may be bragging about the  record-setting turnout  he is expecting, but the truth is that he is crying on the inside. Officials are expecting 800,000 to 900,000 people to show up to see Trump being sworn in as our next President. On their own these numbers may seem impressive, but Obama s inauguration attracted double that   a whopping 1.8 million people showed up for him and as we all know, Trump desperately needs to feel like he has beaten Barack Obama at everything.Trump is so desperate that he has taken the rather interesting approach: shamelessly spending money to beg Americans to show up and adore him   well, people over the age of 27 who live in New York, anyway. F*ck the rest of you.imagine being so disliked that 4 days before your inauguration you start paying to send desperate FB ad invites to ""person, 27+"" pic.twitter.com/UQ0m4D7vg4  mah ree nah (@marinarachael) January 17, 2017? ? #Trump Is So Pathetic DesperateTo Fill His #Inauguration Seats He's Put An Ad On His #Facebook Page Inviting People @realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/L9jChYlxdU  Marsha (@Whippenz) January 17, 2017Trump is paying $$$ to place a Facebook ad asking (begging) people (ages 27 + up) to attend his Swearing In Ceremony.Pathetic & So Sad . pic.twitter.com/MogbRNrmLj  J Reed (@EarthlingJR) January 17, 2017.@Facebook keeps serving me a video ad where Trump invites me to #Inauguration   but @TrumpInaugural website doesn't work. No ""form below."" pic.twitter.com/d4FLFaaEZd  Alex Howard (@digiphile) January 15, 2017How bad is it for Trump? Ticket scalpers are losing money on tickets to the event, which promises to be exactly as exciting as the average county fair (with matching entertainment). Trump has managed to snag obsolete one hit wonder pop band Three Doors Down and country artist who is known for showing up to concerts so drunk that he forgets the lyrics to his own songs. Other performances include a 16-year-old reality show contestant, the Mormon Tabernacle Choir, a marching band from  Louisiana s most racist high school,  and whichever of the Rockettes decides to show up to this abortion of an event. Basically, if  I just got my Klan robes back from the drycleaner  is not a part of your vernacular, you re gonna have a bad time at this thing.Recently, Trump hate-tweeted the majority of Americans who are not OK with Russia hacking his political opponents on his behalf, calling them  stupid people  and  fools. And he wonders why no one wants to come to his Sweet 16.Featured image via Getty Images (Mark Wilson)/screengrab",0
2971, WATCH: Republican Lawmaker Gets Relentlessly Booed And Heckled For Obamacare Repeal Vote,"The boos rained down after a Republican congresswoman thought she could get away with voting to strip millions of Americans of their healthcare.GOP Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers made an appearance at a Martin Luther King Jr. Day rally to spew bullshit about unity and how  change and progress  have come to Washington DC because of Donald Trump.That didn t sit well with the crowd, who showered Rodgers with boos and jeers after someone in the audience literally shouted  Bullshit!  in response to her claims that she will work hard for the people in her district.Chants of  Save our healthcare!  then drowned out Rodgers, who fled the stage as someone called her a  liar. Here s the video via YouTube.Rodgers ignored the anger of her constituents and tried to drone on but soon left the stage. Considering that Rodgers is literally sentencing millions of people to death by voting to repeal the Affordable Care Act, she s lucky the crowd let her leave and didn t tar and feather her in the public square.Afterwards, she then released a bullshit statement claiming that Republicans are working on a  smooth transition  to repeal and replace Obamacare so people don t lose their coverage. No one who has coverage because of Obamacare today, will lose that coverage the day it s repealed   we re committed to a smooth and stable transition for those currently receiving care,  Rodgers said.A spokesperson for Rodgers later added, The Congresswoman looks forward to keeping the lines of communication open when discussing how to ensure a smooth and stable transition out of Obamacare to put in place a 21st Century health care system. Most Americans oppose repealing Obamacare without a suitable replacement or don t want it repealed at all.But Republicans voted to repeal Obamacare last week without having any plan at all to replace it with, and they STILL don t have a plan, despite how many times they claim to be working on one.Featured image via screenshot",0
2972, Donald Trump Vows To Start His Administration With A Vacation; The Internet ERUPTS,"While Donald Trump officially assumes the office of President on Friday, he says he ll be leaving the Oval Office chair empty until Monday. According to Trump, he ll spend the weekend partying instead of presidenting.In an interview with the Times of London, Trump said,  One of the first orders I m gonna sign   day one   which I will consider to be Monday as opposed to Friday or Saturday. Right? I mean my day one is gonna be Monday because I don t want to be signing and get it mixed up with lots of celebration, but one of the first orders we re gonna be signing is gonna be strong borders. Note, this is the same man who once said about President Obama,  It was reported today he played 250 rounds of golf and he s going to be in Hawaii, I think did they say for three weeks?  Trump said.  Two hundred and fifty rounds, that s more than a guy who plays in the PGA Tour plays. He played more golf last year than Tiger Woods. We don t have time for this. We have to work. While 250 rounds might sound like a lot, over eight years, that amounts to less than one round every 10 days. Historically, though, 250 rounds is a tiny blip. Woodrow Wilson played nearly 1,200 rounds during his administration and George W. Bush had Obama beat in vacation time.Trump s announcement probably won t sit well with his sycophants whose hopes hung on the 21 things he promised he d do on day one. Day three, day four, what s one more day for the leader of the free world?The internet, of course, exploded:The same people who spent 8 years counting POTUS  every round of golf now have no problem w/ Trump taking his FIRST weekend off. Amazing.  April (@ReignOfApril) January 17, 2017He told us months ago he plans to go  home  for the weekends.. of course he s taking his first weekend off. https://t.co/0GZPOOp0FS  The Anti-Trump (@IMPL0RABLE) January 17, 2017Leave it to Trump to kick off MLK weekend by attacking civil rights icon John Lewis, reminding us what the  orange  face of hate looks like.  Bill Madden (@activist360) January 14, 2017Somebody needs to tell the Idiot in Chief that the presidency isn t a part time job. #notmypresident #TheResistance https://t.co/yx2T8kIQKg  America s Idiot   (@_AmericasIdiot) January 17, 2017In fairness, everything won t get *really* bad until Monday because Trump said he s taking the weekend off. Not even joking. https://t.co/xmCug6ADvV  Matt Novak (@paleofuture) January 17, 2017Trump is taking the weekend off.I suppose he ll need time to heal once the Bible bursts into flame after places his hand on it.#resist  Steve Marmel (@Marmel) January 17, 2017After inauguration on Friday, Trump to take weekend off for celebrations and pony rides and face painting. https://t.co/FmXGEzjcwG  Writer in Residence (@MikeCullen73) January 17, 2017Trump really think he gets the weekend off? Someone please explain to him its not that type of gig https://t.co/6NFYZWbG3B  Insanul Ahmed (@Incilin) January 17, 2017Of course, there is no explaining anything to Trump. He plans to make the Office of the President whatever he wants it to be, no matter how bad it is for the American people.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2973, GOP Governor Demands A ‘Thank You’ From Rep. John Lewis Because Republicans Freed The Slaves,"Just when you thought Republicans couldn t be bigger pricks toward Rep. John Lewis, one governor is demanding that Lewis thank today s GOP for ending slavery in 1865.Rep. John Lewis is a civil rights hero who risked his life fighting for voting rights with Martin Luther King during the Civil Rights Movement in the 1960s. He was at the Lincoln Memorial as King delivered his  I Have A Dream  speech, So he knows full well what President Abraham Lincoln and the early Republican Party did to free the slaves and advance civil rights.But that Republican Party has changed significantly over the last 150 years, and is now controlled by white supremacists and racists and spends most of its time trying to suppress voting rights and deny civil rights to people of color more than it does defending the legacy Lincoln built.Maine s Tea Party Governor Paul LePage, however, still thinks Republicans like himself deserve praise for something the party did over a century and a half ago.During an interview with WVOM, LePage criticized Lewis for calling Trump illegitimate and demanded that Lewis thank white Republicans for freeing the slave. John Lewis ought to look at history,  LePage said.  It was Abraham Lincoln who freed the slaves, it was Rutherford B. Hayes and Ulysses S. Grant who fought against Jim Crow laws. A simple thank you would suffice. Except that Hayes sold-out the fight for civil rights in exchange for the presidency. As the Bangor Daily News pointed out, Hayes struck  an informal deal after a contested election that gave him the White House in exchange for promising to pull Northern troops out of the South. Pulling out those troops marked the premature end of Reconstruction and the beginning of Jim Crow laws in the South that would remain intact for a century until King and Lewis spearheaded a renewed fight for equality.It should be pointed out that Democrats were the ones who passed the Civil Rights Act and Voting Rights Act into law while Republicans began pandering to racist southerners and have turned their backs on their liberal past ever since.But now Republicans like LePage think that they are owed praise for ending slavery even though Republican today would like to bring slavery back.According to Alternet,Not content to merely support an insurrection against the duly elected government of the United States, 80 percent of the Republicans surveyed by CNN also expressed admiration for the leaders of the South a cabal whose allegiance to white supremacy was most tellingly summed up by the Vice President of the Confederacy s sentiment that its,  foundations are laid, its cornerstone rests, upon the great truth that the negro is not equal to the white man, that slavery, subordination to the superior race, is his natural and normal condition. This, our new government, is the first, in the history of the world, based on this great physical, philosophical and moral truth. In fact, 20 percent of Donald Trump supporters think freeing the slaves was a bad idea. Seriously.So the idea that John Lewis owes thanks to Republicans like LePage is absolutely laughable, especially since LePage has called for  people of color  to be shot.If the only civil rights accomplishment Republicans can point to is the freeing of the slaves 150 years ago, their r sum  is in severe need of an update. Of course, that will never happen because Republicans are controlled by racists. Abraham Lincoln is surely rolling in his grave.Featured image via Flickr",0
2974," Trump Brags About Number Of People Coming To Inauguration, Doesn’t Realize Most Are Protesters","With just three days until Inauguration Day, Donald Trump is desperately trying to convince everyone that it will be the most attended inauguration in history and that everyone likes him.For months, Trump has repeatedly tried and failed to get big-name entertainers to perform at the ceremony, with many even backing out after accepting the invitation. So far, Trump has only managed to get a reality show singer and a has-been band to commit.Experts predict that Trump s inauguration attendance will be smaller than President Obama s but that isn t stopping Trump from trying to convince everyone otherwise.People are pouring into Washington in record numbers. Bikers for Trump are on their way. It will be a great Thursday, Friday and Saturday!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017Except Trump is delusional as usual.Not only are experts predicting that Trump s inauguration crowd will be far less than the record set by President Obama in 2008 at 1.8 million, he seems to be forgetting that many of those who are attending are going there to protest against him.In fact, hundreds of thousands of people are expected to participate in the Women s March on Washington, and it s being predicted that the demonstration will be bigger than the inauguration itself while also making history as the largest demonstration ever organized in the United States. Meanwhile, the Bikers for Trump that Trump bragged about are expected to only draw 5,000. And ticket scalpers are struggling to sell tickets to the inauguration. That s how unpopular Trump is right now.So once again, Trump s ego apparently took control of his Twitter account.And Twitter users shattered it.@realDonaldTrump they re protestors  Mike Denison (@mikd33) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Do you really believe that your pee-wee band of trump grunts will out number the protesters sweetie? aww thats cute  Diva (@sammypolsen12) January 17, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Hate to break it to you, but more people will be protesting your inauguration than celebrating it. https://t.co/koIEU3A7iw  Al x Young  (@AlexYoung) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Over a million less pouring in than Obamas inauguration  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) January 17, 2017.@realDonaldTrump  We have a clip  pic.twitter.com/aDRpodgIMa  Christo Grozev (@christogrozev) January 17, 2017Reminder We the people DIDN T elect his KIDS 2 run OUR country.Actually We the people by a majority DIDN T elect @realDonaldTrump either. pic.twitter.com/bTkzxpoBy0  Lil  Kim Ms. G.O.A.T (@killerbee805) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Does it makes you sad to be this historically unpopular?  Matt McDermott (@mattmfm) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Oh. pic.twitter.com/wcD06GfHIJ  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) January 17, 2017Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2975, Vladimir Putin Just Defended Trump In The WORST Way Possible (VIDEO),"According to Russian dictator Vladimir Putin, it s silly to worry about little things like whether or not a couple of Russian ladies peed on Donald Trump s bed because it s much, much worse to publish memos that reveal these allegations.Putin says that there is a conspiracy to  delegitimize  the man and his team of hackers, fake news writers, and trolls he worked hard to install in the Oval Office by hacking Trump s political opponents and running an aggressive propaganda campaign. I don t know Mr. Trump, I have never met him, I don t know what he will do in the international arena, so I have no reason either to attack him, criticize him or defend him, Putin said at a press conference. Donald Trump has been with the most beautiful women in the world, so why would he need prostitutes in Moscow? To answer that question, we need only look to a 2001 edition of the Howard Stern Show in which Trump was reminded that he bragged that he likes to go to Russia to have sex with women because they  have no morals. Putin says that Russian security services  do not chase every US billionaire,  and that the release of the documents was worse than prostitutes. In a way, he s right, as the documents presented to both Trump and President Obama also allege that members of the President-elect s campaign staff directly worked with the Russian government during the campaign.On numerous occasions, Trump has repeated Russian propaganda while attacking U.S. intelligence agencies that have been exposing him for what he is and, of course, has directly quoted Putin (a man whom Trump says is  very smart ) while hurling barbs at Hillary Clinton.Trump and Putin have been screaming about the  fake news  release of actual documents that actual intelligence agencies are in possession of, but the BBC reported recently that the whole pissing Russian ladies thing is just the tip of the iceberg. Correspondent Paul Wood revealed last week that at least four sources have confirmed the information, with one U.S. intelligence source informing him that there is audio and video of The Donald s escapades, and an Israeli news source reports that the country s spies have been warned against sharing information with the United States for fear that Trump will relay it to Putin.Putin and Trump s bromance is disconcerting at best   especially when more than a baker s dozen intelligence agencies have confirmed that the man who stood up to join Trump in his attacks on our intelligence agencies has been confirmed to have interfered in our election.Watch it below:Featured image via Getty Images",0
2976, Trump’s Ego Gets FLATTENED After He Claims Credit For Jobs Coming Back To United States,"Donald Trump is taking credit again for deals made by companies long before the election, and the Internet was quick to put his ego in check.Once again, Trump took to Twitter to brag about how he is supposedly responsible for auto companies like Ford and Fiat Chrysler announcing job creation and expansion in the United States.With all of the jobs I am bringing back into the U.S. (even before taking office), with all of the new auto plants coming back into our ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017country and with the massive cost reductions I have negotiated on military purchases and more, I believe the people are seeing  big stuff.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 17, 2017But the fact is that Trump hasn t done shit.The auto companies themselves have emphatically refuted Trump s claims and pointed out that these plans were in place long before Election Day. Also, these plans were announced and put in to action under President Obama s administration, which is also responsible for saving the auto industry from collapse in 2008, so if anyone deserves credit for what the auto industry is doing it s President Obama.And Twitter users flattened Trump s ego.@realDonaldTrump You mean taking credit for  bringing jobs back  that you had nothing to do with? Ex: Amazon?  Kris Sanchez (@KrisSanchez) January 17, 2017@KrisSanchez And Carrier who ended up laying everyone off and just deploying robots  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Most were coming back to US BEFORE you were elected.  Jimmy Smagula (@JimmySmagula) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump You ve done NOTHING.  Mike Norton (@themikenorton) January 17, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Bring these back  pic.twitter.com/SxUNhdcHN9  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 17, 2017.@realDonaldTrump And these  pic.twitter.com/DSxvZHQSOK  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump the only jobs you re giving to people are the paid seat fillers for the inauguration  Austin Gebbia (@DearMorni) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Many of the jobs you talk about were decided before you were elected  Tracy Maher (@tracym) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump are you seriously taking credit for union negotiations that happened months ago, ESPECIALLY when you re anti-union?  Calvin (@calvinstowell) January 17, 2017. @realDonaldTrump Obama created 15.5 million jobs.  Impeach Donald Trump (@Impeach_D_Trump) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump Just in case you thought you also had something to do with Ford  https://t.co/Qlwx1Ucqwq  Kris Sanchez (@KrisSanchez) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump DonDum, If a job comes into the country before you take office, that goes in @BarackObama column, don t try to steal wins  Kevin (@TheKevinDent) January 17, 2017@realDonaldTrump The only job you ve brought back so far is Alec Baldwin s job on SNL  CalmLikeABomb (@CalmLikeABomb5) January 17, 2017Donald Trump seriously needs to stop taking credit for things he didn t do. It s embarrassing.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
2977, Green Day Just Gave Trump The ULTIMATE Pre-Inauguration ‘F*ck You’ And Conservatives Are FURIOUS (VIDEO/SCREENSHOTS),"On Friday, more than half the nation will mourn as a bigot with tiny hands and orange skin who is the physical embodiment of all that is wrong with our country is sworn into office. The other 48 percent will celebrate by burning crosses or whatever racists do with their friends these days. On Martin Luther King Day, punk band Green Day released a completely appropriate song that sums up this election and the resulting series of disasters both past and future perfectly.On Monday, our nation both celebrated the life of Dr. King and mourned the upcoming day when we hand over our car keys to the drunkest and most racist guy at the party. While many took the opportunity to toss Trump a nice  fuck you,  no one did it quite like Green Day did by dropping their new music video for their song,  Troubled Times. Today we celebrate love and compassion more than ever,  the band posted on Facebook in announcing the release of the song, which is over three minutes of anti-Trump goodness (especially if you watch the music video):Naturally, Trump s idiot fans rushed to the comment section of Green Day s YouTube post to prove the song right:               Recently, Green Day pissed off conservatives when Billy Joe busted out a  No Trump, no KKK, no fascist USA  chant at the American Music Awards. It. Was. Glorious:If Trump supporters want a music video just for him, though, we have a suggestion. This ought to do just perfectly:The next four years will be interesting, to say the least   not in a good way, but the same way the aftermath of a nuclear holocaust would be interesting.Featured image via Getty Images (Spencer Platt)/Pinterest",0
2978, WATCH: CNN Panel EXPLODES After Rick Santorum Gives DISGUSTING Defense Of Trump’s Racism,"There s one thing that Trump s surrogates all share, and that s a ridiculously blind loyalty to Trump. They can t see his evils, and their minds automatically twist any evil he says or does into something good.Such was the case on CNN, where Rick Santorum spoke up on Trump s trashing of civil rights icon John Lewis, who is also a Democratic representative from Georgia, and who said Trump is an illegitimate president.Trump has taken a lot of flak, especially given that he did it so close to Martin Luther King, Jr. s birthday. Former presidential adviser David Gergen was talking about why Trump was wrong to go after Lewis the way he did: This was an attack on [Lewis ] life, what he stands for, what he did for this country and marching across that bridge. Then former Philadelphia mayor Michael Nutter weighed in with: When will the person who will be president act like a grownup and serious person, not always take the bait? Show some restraint, show some dignity. There is no bottom to the depth that he will go to argue with anyone, and cause disdain. Donald Trump was wrong. John Lewis is an icon. He can say whatever he wants. When Santorum got a chance to speak, he said he and most other people in politics would have handled Lewis  comments much differently. Then he put forth this obscene gem: Donald Trump is the president because he did things like this. Which just speaks to how low Trump s voters really are. If anyone can defend Trump s pettiness that way, or in any way, they are just as ridiculous as he is.Watch the fireworks below:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
2979, WATCH: Trump Doesn’t Want Us To Remember What He Said About Russia In 2014,"As time goes on, it becomes ever clearer that Trump is Russia s puppet. There s every possibility he owes them money, and he s repeatedly blasted our intelligence community for daring to say that Russia did, indeed, engage in a concerted campaign to influence our election in Trump s favor. But did he always feel this way? Was he always Russia s puppet?It seems not, and it s by his own words that we know this. As recently as 2014, he said, in a series of interviews, that Mitt Romney was right to say that Russia was our greatest geopolitical foe: [Mitt] said [Russia is] a hell of a problem, and everybody laughed at him, including certain media, by the way. They laughed. It turned out that he s absolutely right. You look at what Russia s doing with Iran, how they controlled the situation, and Syria, and virtually every other place. He also insinuated that Obama was Putin s puppet because he felt we being meek and cowardly in the face of such a threat. We should definitely be strong, we should definitely do sanctions, and we have to show some strength. I mean, Putin has eaten Obama s lunch, therefore our lunch, for a long period of time. Now he says he s open to lifting our sanctions on Russia if we can all just get along, which is never going to happen because Russia is ruled by an autocrat. If we lift the sanctions, Russia will pull Trump s puppet strings even more. He also seems to like to kiss Putin s ass, mouth, and dick   he doesn t criticize Russia at all, and staunchly defends them against other criticisms and revelations.Here s his stance back in 2014:In other words, this is another position on which he s flip-flopped. He just says whatever his strongest manhandlers want him to say. Whether they re his supporters, or foreign powers hoping to use him for their own gain, he says whatever he thinks will win him the most points.Featured image by Spencer Platt via Getty Images",0
2980, Yet ANOTHER Dem Lawmaker To Snub Trump Inaugural Over Lewis Attacks,"Georgia Congressman John Lewis is a living legend. At 76 years old, and as someone who was beaten nearly to death fighting for civil rights, he has the right to say anything he likes. Therefore, the idea of attacking him, as Donald Trump has been doing all through his Martin Luther King, Jr., weekend, is nothing short of repulsive.Those attacks have led to a massive boycott of Trump s inauguration, especially among Democratic lawmakers. The latest to announce that he will skip Trump s party is Rep. Keith Ellison, who is also in the running to become the head of the Democratic National Committee. Ellison says of the decision:I will not celebrate a man who preaches a politics of division and hate. I won't be attending Donald Trump's inauguration.  Rep. Keith Ellison (@keithellison) January 16, 2017Rep. Ellison also made it clear that he is on the side of John Lewis, and is just as appalled as all decent people at Trump s attacks on the civil rights icon. Prior to tweeting his decision regarding Trump s inauguration, Ellison also tweeted:No question I am #StandingwithJohnLewis and the millions of people around the country who have been targeted by @realDonaldTrump.  Rep. Keith Ellison (@keithellison) January 16, 2017The time is always right to do what is right. And in the face of so much hate, the right thing to do is reject it.  Rep. Keith Ellison (@keithellison) January 16, 2017Medical price-gouger Martin Shkreli is headed to DC for President-elect Trump s inauguration. Another reason to #StandWithJohnLewis  Rep. Keith Ellison (@keithellison) January 16, 2017Rep. Ellison is clearly ready to battle Donald Trump, along with other Democrats on Capitol Hill. Trump really crossed the line with his attacks on John Lewis, and he did the biggest favor ever for progressives by showing his true colors. Some people and events are untouchable, and attacking a living civil rights legend on Martin Luther King, Jr., weekend is at the top of that list.Godspeed, Rep. Ellison. Thank you for standing up for what is right.Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
2981," Trump STRANDED, In Full Panic As ANOTHER Performer Drops Out Of Inauguration (DETAILS)","President-elect Donald Trump has had trouble finding people to perform at his inauguration from the moment he won the election. While A-list artists have usually jumped at the opportunity to sing or play for a new President, celebrities have turned Trump down left and right. It s been a massive public embarrassment for Trump, even as his team uses bribery to get gigs and continues to fail.The humiliation is far from over. The VERY few acts that agreed to perform for Trump are now dwindling. The latest to pull out just days before Trump s big day is the B-Street Band, a Bruce Springsteen cover band. The cover band has just announced that, due to the backlash the group received since news broke that they would play for Trump, they are abandoning the gig.In an interview with Rolling Stone, Will Forte, the group s keyboardist, manager, agent and publicist, said that the band received  thousands of emails  that made the band reconsider. He recalled saying to his band members,  We re standing out in the storm right here. We gotta get out of the storm. Due to the fact that Springsteen himself had publicly condemned Trump many times before, the band thought it would only be right to honor him and the fans that had made the Springsteen cover band a reality. Forte said: We owe everything to [Bruce] and our gratitude and respect to the band is imperative above all else. We felt that we had to make it known that we didn t want to seem disrespectful, in any way, shape or form, to Bruce and his music and his band. I don t want to upset them. We owe everything to him and our gratitude and respect to the band is imperative above all else. It became clear to us that this wasn t working and we just had to do what we thought was the right thing to do and that was to pull out. TwitterThe B-Street Band had actually signed a contract in 2013 to play at this year s gig, but that was before the presidential nominees had been voted on. The band never thought they might have to play for Trump. Forte revealed: As time went by, the complexity of the situation became real immense and intense. The band was caught in a hurricane. We didn t see this coming, of course. When I started this band 37 years ago, it was only about performing and making people happy. I never thought the distortion of what we do as a band would ve been so intense. I wish it never would ve happened. We would ve never got involved in this if I knew how this would turn out. I would trade in all the support and publicity just to go back to where we were four months ago. I don t think they ll ever be a cover band of our size in the history of music that will get the attention of something this big. I m worn out. The band s worn out. Everybody loves to have their 15 minutes of fame, but maybe not this way. TwitterForte acknowledges that the the B-Street Band may now be punished financially for breaking the contract, but considers its stance more important. Forte said: So far, it s okay. But that s all I can say. Whatever the consequences are for breaking a contract, I m willing to take because this is much more important. Trump is literally about to be left stranded at his inauguration.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
2982, Racist-As-F*ck GOP Mayor BUSTED On Tape Calling Black People ‘Chimps’ And ‘N****rs’ (AUDIO),"Apparently, Republicans were serious when they decided that Trump s election means they don t have to  be politically correct  (translation: pretend to be decent human beings) anymore. Recordings obtained by the heroes at Motor City Muckraker have caught yet another member of the Grand Old Party acting like a racist and sexist jackass or, if you prefer, being himself.Today s subject is Warren, Michigan  Mayor Jim Fouts. The recordings include a few interesting right-wing  facts.  For instance, here is Fouts explaining that  blacks do look like chimpanzees. Here he is just straight-up saying  n*gger. In another recording, Fouts explains that he won t date older women because they re ugly and  dried out. In another recording, he further explains that older women are  mean, hateful, dried-up c*nts In December, Fouts was fired from his weekly A.M. radio show for saying that the disabled  aren t even human beings.  But according to him, all of it was completely fabricated by one of his critics, who apparently is a master of impressions. This recording was not me! (he has the expertise available to him to electronically engineer it),  Fouts wrote in a December Facebook post after he was fired for his remarks about the differently-abled.  This is a PHONY tape.  Like Trump, he claims there is a  pretty brutal negative agenda  against him   one in which even reality is participating.Featured image via Facebook",0
2983, Here’s The Disgusting Letter The FBI Sent To MLK They Don’t Want You To See (UNCENSORED IMAGE),"While Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. s life and legacy are deservedly well-celebrated now, that was not always how he was viewed. Especially by those in authority.King was shaking up business as usual, and many, many people didn t like that. You can t change the world without ruffling a few feathers, and he definitely did that.In fact, here s an uncensored letter from the FBI to Dr. King that was posted by The New York Times from the National Archives.It read: KING,In view of your low grade, abnormal personal behavior I will not dignify your name with either a Mr. or a Reverend or a Dr. And, your last name calls to mind only the type of King such as KingHenry the VIII and his countless acts of adultery and immoral conduct lower than that of a beast. Click the image to read the letter in full:National Archives via NY TimesThey tell him: There is only one thing left for you to do. You know what it is. They are basically telling Dr. King to kill himself, and giving him a deadline or they ll  out  him, so to speak for all these allegedly evil doings. It s absurd, to be blunt. Absolutely disgusting, to be honest.While the nation praises Dr. King today, we cannot forget how ugly the past truly was, and horribly he was treated. This letter was sent only about 50 years ago. So, we ve come a long way in a short amount of time, but we still have such a long way to go.Featured image via J. Wilds/Keystone/Getty Images",0
2984, Georgia GOP Official Celebrates MLK Day By Calling Civil Rights Legend John Lewis A ‘Racist Pig’,"As Trump skips out on a planned Martin Luther King Day visit to the new Smithsonian African-American history museum after a weekend of hate-tweeting civil rights legend John Lewis, others in the GOP are attempting to match, if not surpass, The Donald in horribleness.A member of Georgia s Gwinnett County Board of Commissioners decided that the weekend preceding a holiday celebrating civil rights was exactly the right moment to join Trump in layering on the hate against John Lewis. This backlash comes in response to Lewis  absolutely accurate statement that Trump   who is due to be sworn in as Grand Wizard of the United States of America on Friday   is an  illegitimate  president.Now, most might look at Trump   a guy who became President with the helpful input of a hostile foreign dictator s propaganda and fake news campaign (with a sprinkling of hacking of Trump s political opponents) and who represents everything we are against in our nation   and at least agree that Lewis has a point. But not Tommy Hunter. Like Trump, he hopped on social media over the weekend and threw a racist tantrum. John Lewis is a racist pig,  Hunter posted on Saturday, eloquently adding that  there ain t one political pundit that didn t say on November 9 that this would be Demonrats EXACT response to Trump winning.  Hunter explained that  Demonrats DO NOT live in reality because the polls failed to predict that 48 percent of people who lived in the right place at the right time were able to successfully select a president that the majority didn t want.  What a bunch of idiots,  Hunter said. John Lewis  district is drawn to keep him in power,  he later continued. His wins are all illegitimate. How can other reps be concerned about working with him. John Lewis fought, bled, was arrested for, and dedicated his entire life to fighting for the right for all Americans to vote. Hunter? Well, he sits on Facebook and whines about politics, spams his friends  news feeds with posts about Facebook, and he enjoys fishing.Gwinnett Democratic Party, Gabe Okoye, called Hunter a  disgrace to Gwinnett County in particular and Georgia in general  in response to the posts, calling for the Trump fan s resignation.Hunter deleted the posts along with one demanding to know if there are  any white guys  on the University of Alabama s football team and several other miscellaneous posts in response to the inevitable backlash. He also changed his privacy settings so he can continue to post hateful garbage in his circle of friends without anyone else knowing. While I am grateful for what the Congressman did in Selma and other times during the civil rights movement, you get respect by showing respect,  Hunter told  The Atlanta Journal-Constitution after he got caught being a racist douchebag.  He is using his fame as a way to continually divide the races and in this case standing on the very much unsubstantiated claim that the guy I voted for [Trump] is racist and only won because of Russians hacking the election which, of course, we all know didn t occur. Lewis, of course, is doing none of those things   but Hunter actually claiming that Russia did not hack the election demonstrates his exact mindset. Apparently, he is crazy enough to refuse to believe something even Trump has now reluctantly admitted is true yet sure enough of himself to spew racist garbage while calling an African-American civil rights hero a  racist. Featured image via Facebook",0
2985, WATCH: Elizabeth Warren OWNS Trump In Scathing Defense Of Rep. John Lewis,"Civil rights icon Rep. John Lewis just got support from someone Donald Trump fears most.After calling Trump illegitimate over the weekend, Lewis was attacked by Trump on Twitter on Sunday morning in yet another demonstration of how petty and thin-skinned Trump is.Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2017mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk   no action or results. Sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2017That s right. Trump literally called Lewis  all talk  and  no action  and bashed the city of Atlanta despite the fact that the city is not the hellscape Trump claims it to be. In fact, the city hit back at Trump because Atlanta is a thriving city and the crown jewel of Georgia.It is also a fact that John Lewis tirelessly fought for civil rights and voting rights and marched with Martin Luther King. He even suffered brutal beatings by police for peacefully protesting.Trump, meanwhile, was born with a silver spoon in his mouth and inherited his fortune from his wealthy daddy. He never had to work a day in his life and he certainly never fought for anything or anyone but himself.Trump has drawn outrage across the nation over his attack, and Senator Elizabeth Warren fired back at Trump in defense of Lewis on Monday during the annual Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Breakfast in Boston.Warren slammed Trump for never putting his life at risk for anything and said Lewis has earned the right to criticize Trump and boycott the inauguration. The president-elect stepped over a line when he attacked John Lewis as a man who is all talk and no action,  Warren declared.  John Lewis is a man who literally put his life on the line to make this a better country, a fairer country, a country that is more open. Donald Trump hasn t put his life on the line for anyone except Donald Trump. John Lewis has earned the right to raise questions about legitimacy. Right now, our intelligence community tells us that Russia directly interfered in the election here in the United States. John Lewis has a question about that and if John Lewis wants not to attend because of that, that s certainly his right. Here s the video via Twitter.Video: @SenWarren says @realDonaldTrump  stepped over a line  criticizing @repjohnlewis #mapoli pic.twitter.com/eu079Winf7  Gintautas Dumcius (@gintautasd) January 16, 2017Warren is right. Lewis literally bled for this country while Trump dodged the draft during the Vietnam War because he cares nothing about this country. The only reason he ran for president was so he could enrich himself and his family. It s definitely not about helping the American people, or else he would not be cheering about millions of Americans being stripped of their health care. Lewis, on the other hand, has fought for bettering the lives of all Americans for decades and he deserves respect for that and an apology from Trump.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
2986, Amazon Sells Out Of John Lewis’ Biographies After Trump Attack,"Conservatives are, once again, on the losing side of the conversation. Days after president-elect Donald Trump attacked Rep. John Lewis, Amazon.com saw a flood of book-buyers purchasing Lewis  autobiography, Walking with the Wind: A Memoir of the Movement.Within several days, the book, first published in 1999, completely sold out and became Amazon s number one bestseller.For three days, the product has been out-of-stock.Lewis  2012 book, Across That Bridge: Life Lessons and a Vision for Change, has also climbed to the number one spot on Amazon and is also temporarily sold out, having been out-of-stock for several days.Lewis  three-part graphic novel, March, has also catapulted to a number one bestselling spot.Celebrities and social media presences like author Anne Rice have called on followers and fans alike to buy Lewis  books and make them bestsellers:Just bought Lewis   Walking with the Wind  on Amazon. Let s make it a bestseller. https://t.co/AGUUje7WAC  Anne Rice (@AnneRiceAuthor) January 14, 2017It worked.Turns out that when someone like Donald Trump attacks a cultural, political, and social icon like John Lewis in such a disgusting manner, the public responds and picks the right side.The attack on Congressman Lewis (and his hardworking district) has also prompted rave reviews of his biographies, renewed attention on the plight of black America, and exposes Trump as the racist demagogue he is.It s also helped Democrats rally around one of America s living treasures, steering the conversation.But never fear, book and Lewis lovers, Amazon will still allow you to pre-order the biographies until they get more copies available, in which they will send them to your house as soon as possible.If Donald Trump s phony, ghost-written Art of the Deal can become a bestseller once again, so can John Lewis  inspiring biographies.Karma sucks, but at the same time, it can be oh so sweet. In this case, it s more than sweet   it s completely satisfying.Featured image via Brendan Hoffman/Getty Images",0
2987," Trump Declares NATO ‘Obsolete,’ Wants European Union Disbanded In Frightening Interview","Donald Trump is paving the way for Russian aggression against Europe and admitted it during an interview with European newspapers.Trump has had a cozy relationship with Putin ever since Russia helped him win the election in November.In fact, that was the consummation of a relationship that began months earlier when Trump started attacking NATO and made it clear that he intends to eliminate sanctions that were slapped against Russia after Putin seized the Crimea from Ukraine.Now Trump is practically inviting Russia to be more aggressive in Putin s pursuit of tyrannical rule. I said a long time ago that NATO had problems,  Trump told the Times of London on Sunday.  Number one it was obsolete because it was designed many, many years ago. Number two the countries weren t paying what they re supposed to be paying. Trump then went on to praise Putin and stated his intention to make  some good deals  with Russia, which apparently involves weakening NATO and Europe as a whole so Russia can attack.To that end, Trump also wants to see the European Union dissolve, which would cause transatlantic chaos not seen since World War II. People want their own identity, so if you ask me, more countries will leave,  Trump remarked when asked about the United Kingdom s regretful vote to exit the EU.In other words, Trump wants Europe to return to the nationalism that divided nations against each other and caused the deaths of millions. The two World Wars were the reason why the European Union was created in the first place, not to mention the economic benefits both sides of the Atlantic have enjoyed.According to the Washington Post,The full ramifications of a breakdown in transatlantic relations are so extensive they are difficult to total. U.S. guarantees underpin European security. The United States and the European Union, with a population of 500 million, are each other s most important trading partner. For decades, European nations and the United States have worked tightly together on issues of war, peace and trade. The incoming U.S. president is the first American leader since World War II not to support European integration. The European Union has long been considered to be in the U.S. interest, because it created a unified market for U.S. businesses, provided a bulwark against communism during the Cold War and helped quell the bloody slaughter that cost U.S. lives, among others, in the first half of the 20th century. After the breakup of the Soviet Union, the European Union expanded eastward into formerly communist nations, a development that leaders there say helped bring rule of law and stability as they modernized their economies.The only nation that would directly benefit from the fall of NATO and the European Union would be Russia, while America and the various European nations suffer weaker economies and weaker national security.In other words, Trump truly is Putin s puppet and the world is about to become more dangerous because of it.Featured image via screenshot",0
2988," Trump’s Favorability Rating Hits Historic, Record Low","Americans are waking up. After being promised Trump would change his tune once elected, the people have been shown that he will not, in any sense of the word, change his tune.He s still the same loud, obnoxious, shady, thin-skinned demagogue he was when he announced his candidacy.It s because of this (and other damning information) that the American people are giving him low approval ratings, and rightly so. In fact, his approval ratings have hit a record and historic low for any incoming president.A new Gallup Poll shows that 55 percent of Americans hold a negative view of Trump, while 40 percent have a favorable view.According to the poll:President-elect Donald Trump approaches Inauguration Day with a significantly lower favorable rating than his three immediate predecessors received when they were presidents-elect. Trump s 40% favorable rating is roughly half of what Barack Obama enjoyed before his inauguration in 2009 (78%) and is much lower than the pre-inaugural ratings for George W. Bush (62%) and Bill Clinton (66%)   Of the four most recent incoming presidents, Trump is the only president-elect whose unfavorable rating outweighs his favorable score.The best part lies within his own party: he has a lower approval rating from Republicans than any other GOP president. While George Bush nabbed 97 percent approval among the GOP, Trump only has 82 percent.Like Trump, Mike Pence and Melania Trump also face historic low approval ratings for the vice presidency and first lady respectively.America really hates Donald Trump and his ilk. That s a start.Congratulations, America, you elected a universally hated fascist who picks fights with John Lewis instead of Vladimir Putin.Gallup summed up what will be the state of the union for the next few months:But he enters office with a significantly more negative image than prior presidents-elect have had and with a less positive image even among those who identify with his own party. The president-elect s general unpopularity is an unprecedented hurdle, whose impact on his ability to govern remains to be seen.Trump was illegitimately elected, lost the popular vote, and is hated by the American people. He has absolutely no mandate, no legitimacy, no room to bargain. The honeymoon is officially over.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
2989, Internet EATS TRUMP ALIVE For Generic MLK Tweet After Weekend Of Bashing John Lewis (TWEETS),"Over the weekend Donald Trump has been bashing Civil Rights icon Rep. John Lewis, even going so far as to say he hasn t done anything.Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2017mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk   no action or results. Sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2017Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 15, 2017You see, Trump and his fragile ego couldn t handle Lewis calling him an illegitimate president because of all the intelligence revealing Russia helped him get elected.If you recall, John Lewis marched alongside Martin Luther King, Jr., throughout the Civil Rights movement, even speaking at the same memorable event where King uttered his brilliant  I have a dream  speech.Needless to say, when Trump dared to tweet out a wickedly generic tweet about Martin Luther King, Jr. on Monday morning, it was not received well at all.Trump tweeted: Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was! Celebrate Martin Luther King Day and all of the many wonderful things that he stood for. Honor him for being the great man that he was!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 16, 2017Which was greeted with:.@realDonaldTrump As you wish  we stand against the tyranny, injustice, and racism you represent, and which MLK worked his life to rid.  Al x Young  (@AlexYoung) January 16, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Birtherism, housing discrimination, dishonoring John Lewis, calling inner cities hellscapes, The Wall, Jeff Sessions  Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) January 16, 2017Those actions are the opposite of everything MLK fought for. So many Americans will honor #MLKDAY by recommitting to fight your agenda.  Shannon Watts (@shannonrwatts) January 16, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Will I be seeing you at the Museum of African American History today? Oh  no, cause you canceled that. Right.  Kris Sanchez (@KrisSanchez) January 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump Honor him by respecting John Lewis's 50 year record fight for human rights.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) January 16, 2017Yes, why don't you? https://t.co/HIDspTVn9g  Sarah Wood (@SarahWoodwriter) January 16, 2017Morning, @realDonaldTrump, do you find it odd attacking John Lewis one day and praising MLK the next? Curious.  Founder, @TheOfficialPORP  David G. McAfee (@DavidGMcAfee) January 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump This was our #FirstStand. Look for us again at an inauguration protest near you. #TheResistance pic.twitter.com/frtC40RTiZ  #TheResistance (@AynRandPaulRyan) January 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump But dishonor the man who fought alongside him, @repjohnlewis  Bill Shapiro (@Bill_Shapiro) January 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump how about John Lewis who marched with MLK?  Scott A. Jones (@chachaman) January 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump We will celebrate MLK Jr by standing with John Lewis pic.twitter.com/sMBgzG2vs9  Matthew A. Cherry (@MatthewACherry) January 16, 2017@realDonaldTrump political correctness ~ you can't truly appreciate and honor what Martin Luther King Jr stood for but step on @repjohnlewis  Slade Douglas (@SladeDouglas) January 16, 2017JFK White House in '63 @realDonaldTrump: here's King standing & working for civil & voting rights. That's John Lewis right there behind him. pic.twitter.com/55gcZrGv9b  Jeffrey Wright (@jfreewright) January 16, 2017It s doubtful that Donald Trump will get the hint that people are tired of his absolute bullsh*t. He talks out of both sides of his mouth, and both sides are equally as repulsive but for different reasons. One side shows how absolutely vile he is, and the other how he tries to manipulate the fools who are desperate to believe him.If Trump wants to honor MLK, he could start by first honoring America by not pretending to actually care when he doesn t.Featured Photo by Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
2990, WATCH: Chinese State Media Is Literally Laughing At American Embarrassment Trump,"Donald Trump has turned America into an international laughingstock and he hasn t even taken office yet.For weeks, Trump has been antagonizing China by speaking with the leader of Taiwan, which goes against decades of precedent, and has questioned the One-China policy. Both actions have put a strain on America s relationship with the most populous nation on Earth.Clearly, Donald Trump intends to keep taking aim at our largest trading partner, imperiling both our foreign policy and the world economy at a time when Americans are prospering under the economic successes of President Obama.Well, China is now laughing at Trump for being a national embarrassment.CNN s John Berman pointed out that an editorial by state-run Global Times of China mocked Trump. Trump s thinking about China is becoming increasingly clear: He wants China to make huge economic and trade concessions to the U.S. To achieve that, he is willing to stir certain calm areas in China-U.S. relations, including treating the Taiwan issues as his trump card. We were simply angry initially, but now we can t help but laugh at this U.S. leader-in-waiting. Maybe American voters  promoted  him too quickly, his amateur remarks and over-confident manner are equally shocking. Here s the video via YouTube.A separate editorial in the Global Times warns that Trump s arrogance will likely lead to a major confrontation between the United States and China.The  leader  of world order seems to be throwing away its job to grab the most advantages. The chaos it may bring to the world is much more severe than a war or a crisis. China faces the challenge of Trump s meddling with the one-China policy.Moreover, China may suffer from a shaken world order. The one-China policy is one part of the existing world order. Trump not only wants to scrap the one-China policy, but also aims at an overall change.In a changing landscape, enhancing one s own strength is most important. Trump has shown strategic arrogance that is beyond America s strength and he seems to be confident that anyone he asks will yield to him.It is quite likely that China and the US will face a head-on confrontation. China must be quick in preparing for sharp provocations from the Trump administration. China s win over this confrontation will serve as the basis for normal exchanges between the two in the future.This is why Americans need to oust Trump before it s too late. He is not only turning America into a joke on the world stage, he is bullying a nation that could punish us economically and go toe to toe with us militarily. We need to cultivate our relationship with China, not sever it. Antagonizing China will only piss them off and make things much more complicated. That s not what America needs right now.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
2991, ‘Not Funny!’: Sean Spicer Whines About SNL After Baldwin Returns As Trump (VIDEO),"The thin-skinned president-elect took his angry little fingers to his Twitter account to moan about Saturday Night Live s skit this weekend. Alec Baldwin knows how to get under Donald Trump s skin and it s glorious to watch.Incoming press secretary Sean Spicer was upset as he spoke with Tamron Hall and Willie Geist of the NBC TODAY Show Monday about the comedy skit.Alec Baldwin returned to play the part of Donald Trump this weekend to hit on the 35-page dossier alleging that Trump paid prostitutes to take part in Golden Showers at a hotel in Moscow. I d like to ask you about your big Russian pee-pee party,  the reporter said. No, no,  Baldwin s Trump told the reporters.  I m not talking about the pee-pee. It didn t happen. It wasn t as cool as it sounds. Next question. But that was too much for Spicer to handle. He called the comedy show disappointing  and  not funny. It was not funny; it was mean-spirited,  Spicer said.  And it s gone from being a show you could sit back and get a good laugh out of to being something that s frankly mean and bad television,  he continued.It was funny, though.Watch:The Twitter-addicted president-elect took to Twitter to cry about the show.  @NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!,  he tweeted.It s a comedy skit and the more Team Trump rants against it, the more the show s ratings will peak. Somewhere, Alec Baldwin is smiling because again, he got under Donald J. Trump s skin simply by impersonating him on a late night comedy show.In Barack Obama s final interview with  60 Minutes  as president, he said  thick skin  is an important quality to have when serving as the commander-in-chief.  Thick skin helps  in getting the job done, the president said.Grow up, Donald. Life is hard. We can t wait to see the SNL skit after Trump s impeachment hearings.Featured image via screen capture. ",0
2992," Republicans Are Working To Make It LEGAL To Injure, Kill Protesters In North Dakota","Oh, North Dakota. They just had to go and set the bar lower for themselves. Instead of figuring out why protesters disrupted a lot during the long fight against the Dakota Access Pipeline and maybe finding a productive solution to disruption, they ll just try and eliminate protesters in a way that skirts the 1st Amendment.And it s really horrific. This allegedly  pro-life  crowd wants to make it legal for drivers to run over anyone blocking a roadway. They hate protesters to the point where they actually introduced a bill in the state legislature to do just that: A driver of a motor vehicle who negligently causes injury or death to an individual obstructing vehicular traffic on a public road, street, or highway may not be held liable for any damages,  the bill reads.  A driver of a motor vehicle who unintentionally causes injury or death to an individual obstructing vehicular traffic on a public road, street, or highway is not guilty of an offense. Yeah.  Unintentionally.  Well, that just makes everything okay, then, doesn t it? Infuriatingly, they say that this is necessary after the DAPL protests, and they claim that pedestrians are intentionally putting themselves in danger if they protest on roads. Because protests are supposed to happen in the background where they won t make people uncomfortable.What s the difference between this and running over someone who s just jaywalking? Isn t that person intentionally putting themselves in danger? The bill doesn t actually mention protesters, so it s somewhat safe to assume that someone guilty of hitting just any jaywalker out there could get away with it, too. No compensation for medical bills or funeral costs, no punitive damages for the family of the victim. It s sick.The big problem here is proving intent. Proving intent, or lack of intent, is really fucking difficult to do. So North Dakota is working on making the world more dangerous for pedestrians and for protesters, because, reasons. Reasons that involve terrifying people into not protesting.Republicans really are a sick breed.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
2993, Trump’s Team Just Slapped A TERRIFYING Label On The White House Press Corps – Gets Smacked HARD,"Trump s war on the media didn t end with his election. On his planet, everything the media says about him that makes him look bad is just a vast conspiracy to undermine him and make him look bad. This immature attitude is beginning to bleed over onto the White House press corps now, who may find themselves without access to the White House very soon, because Trump and his team are seriously considering kicking them out of the White House press room.Yes, really, that s what they re considering. From Esquire:Another senior official, however, suggested a more pointed motivation for the move. According to the official, the potential relocation reflected a view within the transition team that coverage of Trump has been so hostile as to indicate that the press has abandoned its role as neutral observer. They are the opposition party,  a senior official says.  I want  em out of the building. We are taking back the press room. They re  the opposition party.  Well, isn t that a nice way of saying they re the enemy. They want sycophants in the press, not honest press.  We are taking back the press room.  Really? Who did it belong to before? Their idea of  taking back the press room  reeks of  taking back America. Or, to put it bluntly, they re remaking the White House and America into an image more to their liking. It s one that doesn t include anyone who opposes Trump.The press corps is, understandably, upset about this. Jeff Mason, presidential correspondent for Reuters and president of the White House Correspondents  Association, issued this statement in rebuke:My WHCA statement on press access to the White House briefing room. pic.twitter.com/kD9tS7ayt9  Jeff Mason (@jeffmason1) January 15, 2017And then there s the rest of Twitter:@grynbaum @maggieNYT First item on the authoritarian agenda.  Ray Beck (@niteowl41) January 15, 2017@henrykelley @grynbaum Yep, they need more room for Breitbart and other  news  organizations  Liz Sabado (@Wenican) January 15, 2017@jayrosen_nyu @AdrienneLaF   The Trump Administration: A cross between Nazi Germany and high school.  Amy Mullen (@MinnowSF) January 15, 2017@jayrosen_nyu @AdrienneLaF @esquire  So here s the 1st thing good autocrats do,  Putin said.  Evict the press. They re the opposition party  Larry Hanover (@larryhanover) January 15, 2017@jayrosen_nyu @AdrienneLaF @esquire Herr Drumpf has his own press corps; his Twitter account.  Joshua Aaron (@JAaronCA) January 15, 2017@dailydot History will judge those who were complicit in a corrupt trump administration, that is if there is any history  Lilith (@lilith2u) January 16, 2017@CBSNews an informed populace is a real threat to dictators pic.twitter.com/cKvuP7WrkZ  Trump Memes (@Trump__Memes) January 15, 2017Of course, Trump s pick for press secretary, Sean Spicer, is trying to spin this as a positive,  we really do care deeply about the White House press corps,  move: There s been so much interest in covering a President Donald Trump. A question is: Is a room that has forty-nine seats adequate? When we had that press conference the other day, we had thousands of requests, and we capped it at four hundred. Is there an opportunity to potentially allow more members of the media to be part of this? That s something we re discussing. The White House press room is supposed to be a symbol of a free press, but neither Trump nor anybody on his team believes in a free press. A free press is critical. A free press doesn t bow and scrape. Anytime they don t like what the press is reporting, they scream  FAKE NEWS!  And it should terrify all of us because it s the first real step they could take towards actually censoring the media.Featured image by Spencer Platt via Getty Images",0
2994, GOP Congressman Hosts Repeal Obamacare Town Hall; It Didn’t Go The Way He Wanted (VIDEO),"Rep. Mike Coffman (R-Colorado) is one of the Republicans who is dead set on repealing the Affordable Care Act. Before Saturday, he thought his constituents were with him, that is, until he held a town hall meeting. It went so badly for him that he snuck out before the end.About 150 people showed up at the Aurora Public Library on Saturday. Less than half of those, though, got to speak with the Congressman, and then each of them only got five minutes.Despite booking a large room with ample space, Coffman allowed in only four constituents at once for five minutes at a time. When the crowd grew restless, police put up crime scene tape and Coffman snuck out the back door six minutes before the event was scheduled to end.Source: SlateColorado was one of the states to embrace the Affordable Care Act. Under the law, the state s number of uninsured was cut by more than half.Despite that, Coffman has been on the front line of the repeal movement. The day before the town hall, Coffman wrote an op-ed in the Denver Post advocating its repeal.Yet Coffman has not proposed a clear replacement for the law, an issue constituents hoped to ask him about on Saturday.  I am potentially going to lose my health insurance,  Berthie Ruoff told NBC 9 while she waited to meet with her representative.  I ve had a preexisting condition. I ve had breast cancer. What s going to happen to me? My spouse who had health insurance passed away. What do I do? You know, what am I supposed to do? The crowd at the town hall wasn t sympathetic. Coffman didn t talk to anyone who was at risk for losing their insurance. The crowd reacted by singing, yes singing, and then Coffman snuck out.A few people noticed Coffman sneaking out and attempted to address him.  Next time,  one woman pleaded,  please be sure you hear all your constituents!  Coffman ignored them, hopped into a waiting car, and drove away.  Have a good afternoon!  yelled another exasperated woman.Coffman blamed the time. He said they only had 90 minutes and that the event was only supposed to be one on one.Here s the video of the crowd singing:Crowd starts singing while trying to get in to see Congressman Mike Coffman in Aurora. He only agreed with people a couple at a time. #9News pic.twitter.com/bqZgj4FF6f  Nelson Garcia (@9NewsEducation) January 14, 2017Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
2995, Anonymous Just Took An Interest In Donald Trump’s Russian Lady Pee Saga (TWEETS),"Donald Trump once again attacked our intelligence community for spreading  fake news  on Sunday, but this time he received a response he probably didn t want. Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand,  Trump tweeted, once again accusing our intelligence agencies of spreading  fake news  by presenting him and President Obama with some very real documents detailing the dirt Russia has on him.  Oh really, couldn t do much worse   just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News? .@FoxNews ""Outgoing CIA Chief, John Brennan, blasts Pres-Elect Trump on Russia threat. Does not fully understand."" Oh really, couldn't do  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 16, 2017much worse   just look at Syria (red line), Crimea, Ukraine and the build-up of Russian nukes. Not good! Was this the leaker of Fake News?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 16, 2017This outburst attracted the attention of Anonymous, the hackers who gained both fame and notoriety (depending on who you ask) after blowing the lid off the Steubenville, Ohio rape case.  YourAnonCentral, an account used by the hacktivist colleective to relay information during the protests in Ferguson and during other times of strife, made sure that Trump knows they are watching him:.@realDonaldTrump you have financial and personal ties with Russian mobsters, child traffickers, and money launderers.  Anonymous (@YourAnonCentral) January 16, 2017This isn't the 80's any longer, information doesn't vanish, it is all out there. You are going to regret the next 4 years. @realDonaldTrump  Anonymous (@YourAnonCentral) January 16, 2017We could care less about Democrats attacking you @realDonaldTrump, the fact of the matter is, you are implicated in some really heavy shit.  Anonymous (@YourAnonCentral) January 16, 2017Roy Cohen and your daddy aren't here to protect you anymore @realDonaldTrump.  Anonymous (@YourAnonCentral) January 16, 2017Oh and please tell your interns not to waste money hitting us with your Moldavian bot farm, stay frosty @realDonaldTrump.  Anonymous (@YourAnonCentral) January 16, 2017Anonymous has largely shied away from high-profile hacks involving the government for a number of years, but this exchange indicates interest in perhaps exploring that option among at least some involved with the group: Over the summer, Anonymous leaked Donald Trump s voicemails, which revealed a rather cozy relationship between The Donald and MSNBC s Joe Scarborough. The recordings were released by Gawker, which was killed off thanks to an aggressive legal attack campaign spearheaded by a guy Trump wants to put on the Supreme Court and carried out by Melania Trump s lawyer.Will Trump s election be enough to rally the Anons to action? Maybe. Are they exactly the heroes we need right now? Probably.Featured image via Getty Images (Chip Somodevilla)/screengrab",0
2996, Trump Finally Watched Alec Baldwin Mock His Russia Pee Party On SNL And Went BALLISTIC On Twitter,"It took Donald Trump all day, but he apparently got around to watching the cold open Saturday Night Live delivered last night and threw a temper tantrum about it.Alec Baldwin made his triumphant return as Trump on SNL this weekend and nailed a re-enactment of Trump s first press conference in six months.The questions, of course, were all about the dossier alleging that Trump paid prostitutes to pee on his bed at the Ritz Carlton in Moscow. No, no,  Baldwin s Trump told the media when asked about the pee parties.  I m not talking about the pee-pee. It didn t happen. It wasn t as cool as it sounds. Next question. And then he had to answer a question about the  golden shower  report. I do not want to talk about the pee-pee. I want to talk about what is really important. I want to bring a thick stream of jobs back. The biggest strongest steadiest stream you ve ever seen. Here s the full video via YouTube.Normally, Trump would have whined about SNL on Twitter at 3 a.m., or during regular morning hours, but this time he waited until Sunday afternoon to do it.Trump attacked NBC as a network first, and then trashed Saturday Night Live along with the cast and called their skits about him a  hit job. .@NBCNews is bad but Saturday Night Live is the worst of NBC. Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job. Really bad television!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 15, 2017Yes, a man who is about to take over the toughest job in the world is literally once again obsessing over how he is being portrayed on a satire comedy program.He threw a temper tantrum over something he should be able to ignore, thus proving that he is incapable of focusing on the job at hand, and that he is a petty, thin-skinned bully.Needless to say, Twitter mercilessly mocked him for it.@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews uh have you ever watched The Apprentice?  Ken Klippenstein (@kenklippenstein) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump LOL pic.twitter.com/IPkc8nEJrE  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) January 15, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Sweet angel we know you re extremely sensitive, but if you re this thin-skinned about a comedy show, you can t President.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 15, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Remember, dear, when you complain and moan about the pee story and SNL, it makes you seem defensive AND wounded.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 15, 2017Seriously @realDonaldTrump, how long will you continue this petty feud?  Founder, @TheOfficialPORP  David G. McAfee (@DavidGMcAfee) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Donald, my friend. If SNL hurts your feelings, your skin might be too thin to be the President.  Kris Sanchez (@KrisSanchez) January 15, 2017The thin-skinned Narcissist in Chief proves once again he can t help lashing out at SNL. @realDonaldTrump @NBCNews https://t.co/mF3E3Jw8n5  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) January 15, 2017.@realDonaldTrump Dude learn to take a joke! pic.twitter.com/cjjlDq1fdp  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump stop watching TV and get back to work.  Sahil Lavingia (@shl) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump STOP COMPLAINING ABOUT EVERYTHING  Florent Derue (@florentderue) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump You re about to take health insurance away from millions of people and you re worrying about a sketch comedy show  Zach Schonfeld (@zzzzaaaacccchhh) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump @NBCNews and yet you can t. stop. watching.  Mark Emery (@Mark_Emery) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump don t you have more important shit to do or worry about than tweet how funny SNL is or isn t?  Jason Rabinowitz (@AirlineFlyer) January 15, 2017Donald Trump is totally unqualified to be president and he just keeps on proving it every day.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video ",0
2997, Trump Demands Apology From The Media And Gets Told To Go F*ck Himself,"Donald Trump, the pathetic man who has yet to apologize for all the hateful and divisive things he said throughout his campaign, is demanding an apology from the media.Seriously.Trump has been lashing out at the media and the intelligence community all weekend over a dossier revealing that he paid prostitutes to pee on the bed in the presidential suite of the Ritz Carlton hotel in Moscow, and also reveals that his campaign colluded with Russia to win the election.He whined about the media during his first press conference in six months, resorting to calling CNN and Buzzfeed  fake news  for running the story.Now Trump is crowing because legendary reporter Bob Woodward, who shall now be known as a sell-out, agreed with him that the dossier should never have been reported on, which would have hidden information from the American people. His demand for an apology was written in all caps, even though he has failed to apologize for any of the insults and offensive statements he said during his campaign.Thank you to Bob Woodward who said,  That is a garbage document it never should have been presented Trump s right to be upset (angry)  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 15, 2017about that Those Intelligence chiefs made a mistake here, & when people make mistakes, they should APOLOGIZE.  Media should also apologize  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 15, 2017And because Trump is being a hypocrite when it comes to apologies, Twitter told him to go to hell.@realDonaldTrump We are sorry you are such a douche.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/RlgFOqSVr2  NotABillionaire (@BillionairesNo) January 15, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You MUST stop fixating on the pee story. The more you bring up the pee story the more people will think about it, Donald.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 15, 2017.@realDonaldTrump And if you continue to vilify  the media,  it s very unlikely they ll apologize to you about anything, dear.  Bess Kalb (@bessbell) January 15, 2017@bessbell @realDonaldTrump Maybe it s me, but he seems frustrated. Almost as if he is guilty of something?  Tara (@tgruka) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump stop asking people to apologize you oversensitive man-child. Also stop paying people to piss on each other.  TJ Fixman (@TJFixman) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump MSM: Hillary used private email servers DJT: LOCK HER UP! MSM: Trump may be feeding intelligence to Russia DJT: MSM LIES!  Mike Denison (@mikd33) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump My God, do you EVER get tired of hearing yourself whine? Give it a rest for once in your life.  Charles Gaba (@charles_gaba) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Couldn t agree more Sir. We re waiting. pic.twitter.com/GMewlFpC6D  Mike Polk Jr. (@mikepolkjr) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Like you APOLOGIZED to Jeb s wife or to OBAMA for that Birther bullshit, or to the women who you called pigs, or to the . pic.twitter.com/ykBdM2W1jd  Kristina Wong   (@mskristinawong) January 15, 2017Donald Trump really needs to stop whining and making demands on Twitter. He is five days away from taking over the White House. It s time for him to grow up and start acting like an adult instead of the petulant child he has been his entire life.Featured image by Jeff J Mitchell via Getty Images",0
2998, Atlanta Mayor And Newspaper DESTROY Trump For Attacking Their City And Rep. John Lewis,"Donald Trump called Atlanta a  crime infested  city that is  falling apart  in response to Rep. John Lewis calling him illegitimate. That was a YUUUGE mistake.One of America s most influential southern cities just hit back at Trump for attacking the congressman who represents them in a scathing editorial on the front page of the Atlanta Journal-Constitution on Sunday.Earlier this week, Rep. Lewis stated his belief that Trump is an illegitimate president. In response, Trump attacked Lewis on Twitter and the district Lewis represents, which includes the city of Atlanta, Georgia.Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2017mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk   no action or results. Sad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 14, 2017Trump literally accused Lewis of being  all talk  and  no action.  This comes from a wealthy prick who dodged the draft during the Vietnam War and obtained his riches through inheritance while Lewis was busy fighting for civil rights and voting rights, and getting beaten by police for it during the Civil Rights Movement. Indeed, Lewis has been a tireless crusader for equal rights and a tireless public servant for the city of Atlanta, the state of Georgia, and the United States.Trump immediately drew backlash for his attack, including from Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed..@RepJohnLewis is an American hero & a national treasure. Period. Full stop. (1/3) pic.twitter.com/SN9W4uY31c  Kasim Reed (@KasimReed) January 14, 2017That PEOTUS Trump would attack Congressman Lewis on MLK Day weekend for  all talk no action  when he bled to actually  Make America Great  Kasim Reed (@KasimReed) January 14, 2017is why far less than half the country supports him at the dawn of his presidency. #HeStoodUpForUs #LetsStandForHim  Kasim Reed (@KasimReed) January 14, 2017And the Atlanta Journal-Constitution followed that up with a blistering defense of the city and Lewis.The newspaper pointed out that many Atlanta residents slammed Trump for ignoring Lewis  accomplishments and informed Trump that Atlanta boasts a strong and thriving downtown area with great neighborhoods.The congressional district that Lewis represents includes many of Atlanta s crown jewels as well as pockets of poverty. It runs from Buckhead to Decatur, over to Atlanta s Westside and reaches south to include Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport and parts of Clayton County. Georgia went for Trump, but the 5th Congressional District and the city of Atlanta as a whole remain solidly Democratic and supported Hillary Clinton over Trump in November.The district that Trump described as in  horrible shape  includes Emory University and Morehouse College, as well as Spelman College and Georgia Tech. The Coca-Cola headquarters is just one of that district s many, high-profile corporate residents. Lewis represents Midtown s shiny residential high-rises and the pricey Intown neighborhoods filled with renovated homes, the Beltline and Ponce City Market.The newspaper also pointed out that Trump once sought to build a skyscraper in the same city he is now calling  horrible  and  crime infested. Atlantans understood Saturday that a political fight was playing out. But, the city wondered, did Trump, who once aspired to add his own skyscraper to the city s skyline, really think Atlanta was a depressing, dangerous place to live? In short, Trump is a hypocritical bully who will do anything to attack someone who criticizes him, even if it means flat-out lying.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
2999, Trump Whines About How Divided Our Nation Is And Gets SHAMED For Being A Hypocrite,"After a year and half of doing nothing but dividing Americans on the campaign trail, Donald Trump is now whining about how divided this country has become.Once again using Twitter as his platform to display his hypocrisy, Trump had the gall to forcefully and angrily complain that America is too  untrusting  and divided and declared that things will change when he takes office on January 20th. You know, because Trump is delusional and thinks that he is the magic solution to all of America s problems.For many years our country has been divided, angry and untrusting. Many say it will never change, the hatred is too deep. IT WILL CHANGE!!!!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 15, 2017Well, Twitter users were not amused and proceeded to shame Trump by reminding him of just how hateful and divisive he has been..@realDonaldTrump Yeah, I can t stand it when people are divisive! pic.twitter.com/hoRw9whN6L  Jordan Uhl (@JordanUhl) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Against almost impossible competition, this is your most ridiculous tweet.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Also, if you want to stop people being angry, shouting in block caps at the end of every tweet may not be the best tactic.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) January 15, 2017.@realDonaldTrump You ve exploited a lack of intelligence so viciously. You literally said you could shoot someone and people wouldn t care pic.twitter.com/TsDdUdbDcY  Kris Sanchez (@KrisSanchez) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump well considering that you helped the division with the whole birther movement  this lays squarely at your feet, POS .  Apple-Elgatha (@iamchefapple) January 15, 2017.@realDonaldTrump dude, you told everyone our president was born in Kenya for 5 years. Think that helped an untrusting divided country???  Isaac Saul (@Ike_Saul) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump yeah it will when you re impeached, arrested and go to jail. (You re welcome)  Emma Kennedy (@EmmaKennedy) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump It s you who has brought so much hate into our political discourse.  Mike Elgan (@MikeElgan) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump says the guy who insults and bullies everyone.  paladine (@paladine) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Could you please start by modeling empathy for groups who regularly face discrimination and hatred? Many people are scared.  Raymond Braun (@raymondbraun) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump your rallies and words have given permission to your low-information voters to be angry, distrusting, and hate-filled  Tony Webster (@webster) January 15, 2017Then one Twitter user really let Trump have it by listing all the things he needs to do if he wants Americans to take his call for unity seriously.@realDonaldTrump You have not done ONE SINGLE THING to make this a credible statement. I don t like you, but I ll help you out:  Soleia (@soleia79) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Step 1: Apologize to Obama and the entire country for the 6 yrs you lied in order to delegitimize his presidency;  Soleia (@soleia79) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Step 2: Emphatically and credibly denounce white supremacy. Sorry, but half-hearted  stop it  wasn t sufficient;  Soleia (@soleia79) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Step 3: Totally divest from your business and remove your family from positions of influence in your administration;  Soleia (@soleia79) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Step 4: Apologize to individuals and groups you have insulted/threatened and pledge to be better going forward;  Soleia (@soleia79) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Step 5: Promise (and follow through) to investigate Russia s election interference and ensure appropriate punishment;  Soleia (@soleia79) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Step 6: Apologize for maligning all followers of an entire religion and promise not to threaten their rights as Americans;  Soleia (@soleia79) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Step 7: Admit past mistakes and promise to treat women better and protect their rights;  Soleia (@soleia79) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Step 8: Stop your attacks on the press and promise to be more open and accountable to the people;  Soleia (@soleia79) January 15, 2017@realDonaldTrump Step 9: Start treating your new office with the respect and seriousness it deserves and change your behavior accordingly.  Soleia (@soleia79) January 15, 2017But we all know Trump won t do that because he s a hypocrite.For eight years, Donald Trump has done nothing but divide this nation with his birtherism and attacks against President Obama. Now that he is about to take over the White House, he deserves the exact same treatment. And he only has himself to blame.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3000, Scottish Newspaper Hilariously Trolls Trump Inauguration With PERFECT TV Guide Description (IMAGE),"The Scots are geniuses when it comes to trolling Donald Trump. And this newspaper proves it.Sadly, Donald Trump s inauguration is on Friday and it is likely going to be an event that offends millions of Americans across the country as Trump makes the day all about him and attacking his critics.Trump s team has been desperate to find musical talent willing to sell their souls to Satan to sing for Trump and have only managed to get a reality show singer and a has-been band to commit.Furthermore, a massive protest against Trump has also been planned to occur at the same time. All in all, Trump s inauguration is going to be a shit show that ushers in a frightening period in American history that will impact this nation for generations as Republicans try to turn it into their own utopia where rich people and tyrants flourish while the rest of humanity suffers immeasurably.All the progress made over the last 150 years is about to go down the drain and one Scottish newspaper could only describe Trump s inauguration as the return of  The Twilight Zone. The Sunday Herald describes this newest  Twilight Zone  episode as  one of the most ambitious, expensive and controversial productions in broadcast history  featuring four years of answers to the question of what would have happened if the Nazis had won World War II.Calling the event  nightmarish,  the Sunday Herald goes on to say that Americans were unbelievably duped to make Donald Trump president. This huge virtual reality project, which will unfold on TV, in the press, and on Twitter over the next four years sets out to build on an alternative present. The story begins in a nightmarish version of 2017 in which huge sections of the US electorate have somehow been duped into voting to make Donald Trump president. It sounds far-fetched, and it is,  the description continues,  but as it goes on it becomes more and more chillingly plausible. Today s feature length opener concentrates on the gaudy inauguration of President Trump, and the stirrings of protest and despair surrounding the ceremony It s a flawed piece, but a disturbing glimpse of the horrors we could stumble into, if we re not careful. Here s the full description via Twitter.The Sunday Herald TV guide on the inauguration of @realDonaldTrump   pic.twitter.com/R5zc6cLdK4  sunday herald (@newsundayherald) January 15, 2017Scotland is used to mocking Trump. Protesters often show up to demonstrate at the golf resort he owns there and after Trump praised Scotland for voting for Brexit, many Scots mocked Trump on Twitter because Scotland actually voted for the United Kingdom to remain with the European Union.@realDonaldTrump Scotland voted to REMAIN in the EU, you idiotic delusional psychopathic compulsive liar.  Richard Cosgrove (@rcosgrove) June 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump Jeez you re stupid you sentient enema.  Lachlan Buchanan (@lachlanbuchanan) June 24, 2016@realdonaldtrump Scotland voted Remain, you weapons-grade plum.  Sue Perkins (@sueperkins) June 24, 2016@sueperkins @Johngcole @realDonaldTrump I m sorry, but  ludicrous tangerine ballsack  is the UK Trump insult of the day.  Thomas Logan (@Penman1961) June 24, 2016And there s many more where came from. One Twitter user even made a meme with many of them.@ChrisCrary @arln1966 Drumpf is an insane loony toon pic.twitter.com/Y1EfWWEHut  #illegitimateAF (@HillaryWasRight) June 25, 2016Featured Image: Twitter",0
3001, Reince Priebus Channels Putin; Threatens Ethics Chief To Watch His Back (VIDEO),"It s apparently a new world, one in which it s perfectly acceptable to, in front of TV cameras, threaten political opponents and even people who aren t really political opponents, as long as they dare say mean things about our Der Fuhrer Elect.Trump s Chief of Staff, Reince Priebus clearly got the new tough guy message. On ABC s  This Week with George Steephanopoulos,  Preibus laid down a straight out of Russia threat on the director of the Office of Government Ethics Walter Shaub. The head of the government ethics ought to be careful because that person is becoming extremely political,  Priebus said on ABC News s  This Week with George Stephanopoulos. Priebus suggested that Shaub, who was appointed by President Obama, was supportive of Hillary Clinton during the campaign. Apparently, may have   publicly supported Hillary Clinton as calling out the president with info on Twitter about our disentangling of the business over a month ago,  Priebus said.  So I m not sure what this person at government ethics, what sort of standing he has any more in giving these opinions. Here s the video:This is all because Shaub dared have an opinion that isn t necessarily favorable to the incoming Dictator in Chief. Actually, the opinion was barely political at all. Shaub simply said that Trump just  stepping back from running his business is meaningless from a conflict of interest perspective.  Instead, Shaub urged Trump to put his assets in a blind trust, as has become customary.While Shaub may have been a Hillary Clinton supporter (there s no evidence to say that), it was clear by his statement that he was simply doing his job, which is to oversee the ethics (or, in this case, lack thereof) of government officials. A man who ran on  draining the swamp  should welcome that, but it s Donald Trump. His enemies list is growing every single day.Trump and Preibus should learn, very quickly, that not only is it acceptable to criticize the president, it s the foundation of our democracy.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3002, Mark Hamill Is Back Mocking Trump By Reading Anti-Streep Tweets As The Joker,"Star Wars icon Mark Hamill previously mocked Donald Trump by reading one of the president-elect s mean-girl girl tweets using the voice of The Joker. And now he s back to poke Trump in the eye by mocking the president-elect s attack on actress Meryl Streep.Most people know of Mark Hamill as Luke Skywalker in Star Wars but he s also a very talented voice-over actor. His voice as The Joker is amazing and using his skills to mock Trump is an effective tool. His newest jab at Trump has gone viral on Twitter and it s about the best thing you ll hear all day. Am I the ONLY one man enough to confront this #OverratedFlunkyLoser without resorting to an ad hominem assault?  Hamill tweeted along with the recording.Am I the ONLY one man enough to confront this #OverratedFlunkyLoser without resorting to an ad hominem assault? https://t.co/ac2j2KGryn pic.twitter.com/iH1XnPgOzm  Mark Hamill (@HamillHimself) January 14, 2017Last week, Trump tweeted,  Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn t know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a .. Hillary flunky who lost big. For the 100th time, I never  mocked  a disabled reporter (would never do that) but simply showed him .,  he continued.He added,  groveling  when he totally changed a 16 year old story that he had written in order to make me look bad. Just more very dishonest media!The incoming president lashes out at people who hurt his feelings. People like Meryl Streep, for example. He s about to hold the highest seat in the land, yet he shows no restraint on Twitter where he has nearly 20 million followers, some of which probably follow him just to see what outrageous thing he will tweet out next. He tweets about nukes, he manipulates the stock market by attacking brands, showing that he s already abusing the power of the presidency even before he takes the oath of office. When he takes over the @POTUS account, we suggest you report his tweets for impersonating a president. Impersonation accounts are against Twitter s terms of use.Photo via Wiki",0
3003, Kellyanne Conway Says All Intel On Russia Must Be Kept Secret To ‘Protect The Public’ (VIDEO),"Kellyanne Conway, Donald Trump s adviser, says that all information about Russia s interference in the U.S. presidential election and the president-elect s Russian ties should be kept secret. Not because Trump has something to hide, but to  protect the public. Conway appeared on Fox and Friends Sunday morning and when she was asked about FBI Director James Comey, she spun the conversation around to whine that  classified  information should not be handed out to the public. In other words, she s upset the world found out about Trump s Russian pee pee party. I m always disappointed how public and sometimes political some of these figures can seem to be,  Conway said.  I m very concerned, very concerned. You realize it is the Trump team, only us at this time, that is not divulging what occurred in a classified briefing. Ladies and gentlemen,  she continued.  It s called a classified briefing for a reason. You had the vice president of the United States making a comment about it the other day. You have intelligence officials confirming or denying. This classified information, it s top secret. Why is it top secret? It s not top secret to keep it from the public, but to protect the public. That s right folks, you shouldn t know anything about Trump s Russian escapades. The American people should be kept totally in the dark about the foreign government meddling in the highest levels of our democracy. And it s for your own good, dammit!Conway then added that Trump is  going to do all the things he promised to do,  including building his stupid wall and snatching health care away from millions of Americans.Watch Conway insist we should keep Trump s pee party top secret to  protect the public,  here: Featured image via video screen capture",0
3004," Republican Lawmaker Grabs Woman By The Genitals, Tells Her This Is Trump’s ‘New World’","Conservatives are now committing sexual assault because they are emboldened by Donald Trump.During the campaign, audio surfaced of Trump telling Billy Bush that he likes to grab women  by the p*ssy  without their consent. National outrage ensued and women had more proof that Trump only treats women like objects.Well, a Republican lawmaker in Connecticut was arrested on Wednesday for grabbing a woman by the genitals in the Greenwich Town Hall.Christopher von Keyserling has been serving on the Greenwich Representative Town Meeting board since 1985. But when the 71-year-old crossed paths with a woman in the hallway and engaged in a political debate, he told her  I love this new world, I no longer have to be politically correct  and then grabbed her between the legs without her consent. It would be your word against mine and nobody will believe you,  Keyserling told the woman in an effort to scare her from reporting the incident to police.So Keyserling must have been shocked when law enforcement arrested him at work and charged him with fourth-degree sexual assault.Keyserling s lawyer, Phil Russell, likely another creepy guy who thinks sexual assault is like flirting, defended his client by claiming the act was nothing more than a  playful gesture,  even though police have video footage of the crime that corroborated the woman s story. In almost 30 years of practicing law in this town, I would say Mr. von Keyserling is the one person I would never suspect of having any inappropriate sexual predilections,  Russell claimed.  There was a playful gesture, in front of witnesses. It was too trivial to be considered anything of significance. To call it a sexual assault is not based in reality. Let s make this clear. Keyserling s attorney is literally saying that grabbing a woman by the genitals is not sexual assault, but simply a trivial playful gesture that women should find flattering.This, ladies and gentlemen, is how rape culture continues to be a plague in our country. And Donald Trump is only making it worse.Featured Image: Ty Wright/Getty Images",0
3005," Civil Rights Icon John Lewis Got Bashed By Trump on Twitter, His Response Is PERFECT (TWEET)","Yesterday, President-elect Donald Trump embarrassed himself yet again when he hit back at civil rights icon and Congressman John Lewis after the Democrat stated that he didn t consider Trump a  legitimate president    a sentiment that most Americans share.Just two days before Martin Luther King Day, Trump slammed Lewis on Twitter and said Lewis was  all talk, no action : Congressman John Lewis should spend more time on fixing and helping his district, which is in horrible shape and falling apart (not to mention crime infested) rather than falsely complaining about the election results. All talk, talk, talk   no action or results. Sad. Congressman John Lewis should finally focus on the burning and crime infested inner-cities of the U.S. I can use all the help I can get!It was a disgusting statement to make about Lewis, who has been more involved in civil rights causes than most Americans and personally marched alongside Dr. King. Trump immediately got blasted for his remarks, but the best response yet is coming from Lewis himself. In a DNC fundraising email that was released last night, Lewis addressed Trump s ill-advised comments: Today Donald Trump attacked me on Twitter. He said that I m  all talk  and  no action. I ve been beaten bloody, tear-gassed, fighting for what s right for America. I ve marched at Selma with Dr. King. Sometimes that s what it takes to move our country in the right direction.We refuse to stop now. We re not done fighting for progress. We re ready for the next four years. Join me and chip in whatever you can today to help Democrats stand up to injustice. The email stated that any funds donated would be split between Lewis  re-election fund and the DNC. You can read the full message below:John Lewis hitting Donald Trump back in fundraising email:  I ve been beaten bloody, tear-gassed We refuse to stop now. We re not done  pic.twitter.com/wVyPfY1h09  Yamiche Alcindor (@Yamiche) January 14, 2017And Americans are using their money to tell Trump to sit the hell down. Along with the increase of donations to Lewis  fund, Trump s disgusting tweets also caused a massive surge in book sales for Lewis. After Trump insulted Lewis, America responded by moving his 1999 biography, Walking with the Wind: A Memoir of the Movement  from the No. 15,918 spot to No. 15 on Amazon s bestsellers list. Sales spiked by nearly 106,020 percent! That move alone showed Trump how wrong he was. You don t go after a civil rights legend like Lewis and expect to get away with it.TwitterFeatured image via Zach Gibson and Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
