id,title,text,label
3507, Conservative Conspiracy Theorist ARRESTED After Threatening To Kill Sandy Hook Parent,"Lucy Richards, a Tampa woman who believes lunatics like Alex Jones who say the Sandy Hook tragedy is a hoax, was arrested this week for threatening to kill a parent of one of the children who died in 2012. This is just the latest in the potentially long list of what we can expect to come from fake news conspiracies being spread by right-wing nutjobs.Richards started making threats back in January, saying things like  you gonna die, death is coming to you real soon,  according to court documents released on Wednesday. She also wrote,  Look behind you. It s death,  to the parent, who was identified as Len Pozner in a statement he released after Richards  arrest. Pozner s son Noah was the youngest victim of the Sandy Hook massacre.Pozner, who now resides in Florida and spends his time disproving these so-called  truthers,  said in his statement:We are comforted to know that the system is working to protect the victims of violent crime from re-victimization by potentially violent Hoaxers.Sadly, Lucy Richards is not the only one from this group of Sandy Hook  hoaxers  that has harassed or threatened Mr. Pozner. He s been dealing with this for years.According to The New York Times:The conspiracy theorists have criticized Mr. Pozner and his counterinvestigations of their work. Mr. Pozner has filed complaints with law enforcement, private companies, and the attorney general s office. He even wrote a 165-page book raising questions about a champion of the hoax theory according to a September article in New York Magazine. People don t understand what trolls are,  Pozner said,  If you don t feed them, they don t just go away. When Mr. Pozner asked a Florida Atlantic University professor, James F. Tracy, to stop posting photos of Noah, the professor sent him a certified letter asking for proof the boy existed.The professor, who was tenured, was soon fired and he blames Pozner.Professor Tracy didn t actually commit any crimes, no matter how disgusting his actions were, but Lucy Richards on the other hand   Richards committed 4 counts of felony threat transmission and if convicted will spend up to 20 years in prison. Let s hope the judge makes her serve the full 20.Featured image via Getty Images/Handout",0
3508, Trump-Supporting KKK Members Charged With Attempted Murder After Vicious Assault,"Another day, another Trump supporter commits an atrocity, weakening America s morale one by one. This time, it s a double whammy   Trump supporters who happen to be members of the Ku Klux Klan.William Hagen, grand dragon of the Loyal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan (who organized a White Lives Matter rally), and Klan leader Chris Barker, were arrested in North Carolina after the two stabbed another Klansman, who eventually escaped with wounds to the chest.According to the New York Times:The attack took place hours before a Ku Klux Klan parade on Saturday in Roxboro, N.C., billed as a celebration of Mr. Trump s victory  Mr. Hagen was in North Carolina to attend that parade, the authorities said. Mr. Barker was arrested before the parade, and Mr. Hagen after, during a traffic stop, Captain Rose said.Hagen was charged with attempted murder and Barker was charged with aiding and abetting an assault.So far, no motive or reason has been released as to why the stabbing took place. But when it comes to the insanity of the  reasoning  used by Klansmen to justify violence, does it really matter? Since the rise (and election) of Donald Trump, violence and white nationalism   not coincidentally   has been on a rise in the United States. Today in North Carolina, the two came head-to-head.The victim, Richard Dillon, is being treated for his injuries and his attackers are being held without bail.Once again, the question needs to be asked: is Donald Trump going to denounce this kind of behavior? These men supported him, organized a rally in his honor, and voted for him. They ve been in the news as organizers for his campaigns, and now they have unsuccessfully tried to murder another human being (albeit one with deplorable qualities).The violence, hatred, and deplorabiltiy continues under Donald Trump, who gave new purpose to worst drudges of society.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
3509, Time Magazine Makes Trump Their ‘Person Of The Year’ And Promptly Gets WASTED By Twitter (TWEETS),"If you haven t heard, Donald Trump has joined Adolf Hitler as the latest Deplorable to become Time s  Person of the Year. Beating out Hillary Clinton, the Flint, Michigan whistleblowers, Olympic gymnast Simone Biles, Mark Zuckerberg, and others who have actually accomplished something that didn t involve fraud, racism. Aside from her numerous other documented accomplishments, Hillary Clinton snagged the second-highest popular vote numbers in history and became the first to ever do that without also winning the election.When Time posted the announcement Wednesday, the internet just couldn t handle granting this honor to someone like Trump:@TIME pic.twitter.com/9nKga5Ke6o  Bill Jansen (@TheBillJansen) December 8, 2016@TIME you are biased and what you have done is pathetic. You just lost credibility with me not good.  Dianna Rice (@diannarice64) December 8, 2016@TIME @TIME What do you mean, ""Behind "" There is no backstory here. This person conned his way all the way to the top. Stupid in every way  Fohtohgirl (@fohtohgirl) December 8, 2016@TIME $5 says Trump will have stacks of signed copies in the Oval Office to give out to diplomats and heads of state.  Chad Brockman (@chadbrockman) December 8, 2016@TIME remember when you made Hitler times person of the year in 1938? What is wrong with you  Hannah Mackay (@hamack3) December 8, 2016But the real fun began when they attempted to explain themselves.See why Donald Trump was chosen as TIME's Person of the Year 2016 #TIMEPOY https://t.co/31cskE6fmU pic.twitter.com/19d9R7H9jg  TIME (@TIME) December 8, 2016@TIME pic.twitter.com/OF6iOqpnAt  Jose Fdo Cuartas (@JoseFCuartas) December 8, 2016You made an admitted sexual predator Person of the Year. You have no credibility. Delete your account. @TIME  Diana Prince (@hantavirus) December 8, 2016@TIME uh because you're trash and you're trynna tell me he's on the same level as Obama??? pic.twitter.com/SBq0VJ7DmH  Ya Girl (@_mdiaz19) December 8, 2016@TIME Because you're afraid of him.  sarcasticbitch (@dippelkellie1) December 8, 2016@TIME I had asked Santa for a subscription to Time; thanks for this announcement, request cancelled. I'd rather get coal than read this.  Pat Nasta (@mainer91) December 8, 2016@TIME who fkn cares why. U gave an egotist more reason to be one. Why reward xenophobia? It's sickening  Hillary 4 Real (@Hillary4Realz) December 8, 2016@TIME WTF TIME?!! How about Putin? Maybe Assange? Jesus, TIME sucks. Will never buy another issue, ever.  JD (@EclecticArts2) December 8, 2016@TIME because so was Hitler. It just made sense right.  @peacebw/u (@lbridges1212) December 8, 2016@TIME You have lost me as a reader and supporter of your magazine for your decision to choose a bigot, racist and woman abuser, like Trump!!  John Mac Intyre (@JayMac8500) December 8, 2016Time explains that  for better or worse,  Trump was named  Person of the Year  because he had the  greatest influence  over the news this year:The revolution he stirred feels fully American, with its echoes of populists past, of Andrew Jackson and Huey Long and, at its most sinister, Joe McCarthy and Charles Coughlin. Trump s assault on truth and logic, far from hurting him, made him stronger. His appeal part hope, part snarl dissolved party lines and dispatched the two reigning dynasties of U.S. politics. Yet his victory mirrors the ascent of nationalists across the world, from Britain to the Philippines, and taps forces far more powerful than one man s message.We can scarcely grasp what our generation has wrought by putting a supercomputer into all of our hands, all of the time. If you are reading this, whether on a page or a screen, there is a very good chance that you are caught up in a revolution that may have started with enticing gadgets but has now reshaped everything about how we live, love, work, play, shop, share how our very hearts and minds encounter the world around us. Why would we have imagined that our national conversation would simply go on as before, same people, same promises, same patterns? Perhaps the President-elect will stop tweeting but only because he will have found some other means to tell the story he wants to tell directly to the audience that wants to hear it.Time is correct that Trump has perhaps had the greatest impact on the news, but one must wonder why they would choose to reward the bigotry and hate he encouraged and continues to encourage in their annual marketing gimmick. Normally, this would be a run-of-the-mill honor, even for a dictator (Time called Hitler the  greatest threatening force that the democratic, freedom-loving world faces today  in their 1938 article), but Trump thrives off of the attention and Time should have made the decision not to enable him.Featured image via Time",0
3510, First Somali Refugee Elected In American History Subjected To Islamophobic Attack,"On November 8, 2016, Ilhan Omar made history as being the first Somali-American to be elected to any position in America. Hailing from the progressive state of Minnesota, Omar will serve in the state House of Representatives from the 60B district. Running on the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, Omar supports progressive causes championed by Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders, Omar won with 81 percent of the vote.The former refugee, who escaped her home country only to be trapped in a camp in Kenya for years, made history, and she did it in her own right.Just a few weeks later, she was subjected to a heinous and humiliating verbal assault from a cabby in Washington D.C.Posting on Facebook, Omar recanted the horrific incident: A woman who has worked her way to the top, was elected in her own right to a state legislature, and made history while doing it, found herself a victim in Trump s new America: a country slowly slipping into the abyss of fear and racism.Omar went on to write:I plan to report once I am back home safe in Minneapolis. He knows the hotel I am staying at and [I] don t feel safe enough to say anything at the momentYes, this was an attack. Yes, this was Islamophobia front and center. Yes, Donald Trump owns this. While Americans have shown their hateful colors against Muslims since the attacks on September 11th, the candidacy (and subsequent win) of Donald Trump has seen an escalation of hateful attacks, verbal and physical, against Muslim and Middle Eastern American citizens, and it s only getting worse.In Trump s America, it seems no person of color, no matter how powerful they may be, are safe from xenophobic and racist attack. Omar has been subjected to attack before, in 2014. Yet she has still stood strong.This behavior is not normal, yet the mainstream media has been chillingly silent on what has transpired. The normalization of this ideology is quickly becoming a cancer on society, and bright, up-and-coming stars like Ilhan Omar are the primary targets.We will see in the coming days what action, if any, will be taken against the cabby who unleashed this deplorable behavior. Similarly, we will see if Trump or any of his ilk will disavow. Though we shouldn t hold our breaths.Featured image via Wikipedia",0
3511, Trump Attacks Union Leader Who Called Him Out For ‘Lying His Ass Off’,"A Carrier union leader called Donald Trump out for his lies about the deal that supposedly saved American jobs from moving to Mexico. So what did Trump do? Tell the truth? Take responsibility for his actions? Recant his bogus claims? Oh, heck no! He attacked him on Twitter. Because of course he did.On Wednesday, United Steelworkers 1999 President Chuck Jones said Trump and his second in command, Mike Pence, used misleading numbers and pointed out that some of the jobs they took credit for saving weren t ever even leaving to begin with. What they re doing, they re counting in 350 odd more that were never leaving this country at all,  Jones told Burnett.  If you re dealing with people s livelihoods, you sure as hell ought to know what the numbers are. Jones said that, for some unknown reason, he believed Trump would do the right thing at his Dec. 1 press conference and tell the truth  that 550 jobs weren t saved. But he got up there,  Jones said,  and, for whatever reason, lied his ass off,  Jones said.Not being one to handle criticism well, Trump blew his top when Jones called out his B.S. and took to Twitter to voice his anger.Chuck Jones, who is President of United Steelworkers 1999, has done a terrible job representing workers. No wonder companies flee country!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 8, 2016If United Steelworkers 1999 was any good, they would have kept those jobs in Indiana. Spend more time working-less time talking. Reduce dues  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 8, 2016So now, among all the other groups Trump has taken aim at, he is going after union leaders. The heroes of the very white working class, blue collar folks who voted him into office have now become the latest victims to feel the brunt of Trump s billionaire boots. That sure didn t take long. All they had to do was quit kissing his ass and call him out for being the pathological liar that he is and he turned on them in a heartbeat. Is anybody here surprised? No? Didn t think so.Featured image via Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images",0
3512," Pope Francis BLASTS Conservatives For ‘Sin’ Of Spreading Fake News, Equates It To Eating Feces","Pope Francis is once again speaking the truth, and  Christian  conservatives are going to hate him even more for it.This time it concerns the right s newest endeavor   spreading fake news. With reports of Pizzagate and now Newtown threats causing a rise in violence by right-wing ideologues (and Trump supporters), his holiness is taking on the epidemic of fake news, calling it  sin  and equating it to eating feces.Speaking to to Tertio, a Belgian Catholic weekly, the Pope said in rather strong terms:I think the media have to be very clear, very transparent, and not fall into no offense intended the sickness of coprophagia, that is, always wanting to cover scandals, covering nasty things, even if they are true. And since people have a tendency towards the sickness of coprophagia, a lot of damage can be done  The means of communication have their own temptations, they can be tempted by slander, and therefore used to slander people, to smear them, this above all in the world of politics. They can be used as means of defamation. No-one has a right to do this. It is a sin and it is hurtful.Not only is it hurtful and sinful, it s dangerous, it s poisonous, and it s beneath our political discourse.Perhaps Christian conservatives should take heed   but they won t. They haven t when it comes to climate change, poverty, Muslims and refugees.Considering how much the right hates the Pope, one shouldn t hold their breath. With General Michael Flynn and his unhinged son passing around fake news in these sensitive, tumultuous times, the Pope s blunt and truthful words should be ringing throughout all media outlets. Treating fake news as the scum it is should be priority number one, and combating Russian influence should be priority number two. What does it say about the United States when the Pope takes a more hard-line stance against it than 95 percent of those in the American media?Pope Francis had the guts to speak the truth, as always.Featured image Michael Campanella/Getty Images",0
3513, Danny Glover Is ‘Appalled’ That Trump Is Time Magazine’s Person Of The Year,"The nation was in an uproar on Wednesday, after learning that Donald Trump, the most divisive person in modern history to be elected president (and yes, I m including Richard M. Nixon) was chosen as Time Magazine s  Person of the Year.  Actor Danny Glover is one of the people who spoke out about the cover.Image via Time MagazineNow, to be fair, the honor isn t always an honor. Hitler once graced the cover of the  Man of the Year  issue. As for Trump, Time said this:For those who believe this is all for the better, Trump s victory represents a long-overdue rebuke to an entrenched and arrogant governing class; for those who see it as for the worse, the destruction extends to cherished norms of civility and discourse, a politics poisoned by vile streams of racism, sexism, nativism. To his believers, he delivers change broad, deep, historic change, not modest measures doled out in Dixie cups; to his detractors, he inspires fear both for what he may do and what may be done in his name.The revolution he stirred feels fully American, with its echoes of populists past, of Andrew Jackson and Huey Long and, at its most sinister, Joe McCarthy and Charles Coughlin. Trump s assault on truth and logic, far from hurting him, made him stronger. His appeal part hope, part snarl dissolved party lines and dispatched the two reigning dynasties of U.S. politics. Yet his victory mirrors the ascent of nationalists across the world, from Britain to the Philippines, and taps forces far more powerful than one man s message.The article neglected to mention that Clinton won the popular vote. It barely mentioned Trump s racism, his xenophobia and his sexism. For that, and for the very fact that Trump is on the cover, Glover is p*ssed! It s irresponsible to make him person of the year,  Glover told reporters gathered at the Freedom Plaza rally.  Based on what? Based on the fact that he won the Electoral College? Based on the fact that he lied to people? Based on the fact that all the stories of all he s done to women and what he thinks about women. Based on his racism?  the actor continued. A racist as  Person of the Year?  Glover added. I m appalled, I m appalled. I m angry now that Time magazine would name this person  Person of the Year.  It s incredible,  the actor went on.Source: Daily MailGlover went on to talk about the fact that Trump ran on a campaign of racism and xenophobia. He called the magazine cover,  disrespectful,  and  a slap in the face.  As for giving the President Elect a chance, no way. Give him a chance what?  the actor mused.  You know what happens here. We fight harder. We push harder. We know who he is. We know exactly who he is. (W)e have to fight him every inch. We have to fight him every moment. Glover is right. Since the election, and even before, the media has bent over backward to normalize Trump and even his white nationalist followers. There is no  both sides,  not now. There is no  alt-right.  They are neo-nazis. The media needs to step up and do its job. We need journalists and media sources who aren t afraid to tell the truth about Trump. Time Magazine should be ashamed.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3514, Here’s Proof That Mainstream Media Helped Trump Win,"Democrats and other progressives who watched how the mainstream media treated Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton have for months suspected that the fix was in for Trump, and now a new report has numbers to back up those fears.Thomas E. Patterson of Harvard Kennedy School s Shorenstein Center on Media, Politics and Public Policy analyzed coverage of the 2016 election and they found that coverage of the race often echoed attacks against Clinton from Trump and his Twitter account, drowning out anything positive about the former Secretary of State.There wasn t much in Clinton s general election news coverage that worked in her favor .Stories about her personal traits portrayed her as overly cautious and guarded and ran 3-to-1 negative. News reports on her policy positions trended negative by a ratio of 4-to-1. Everything from her position on health care to her position on trade was criticized, often in the form of an attack by Trump or another opponent. Her record of public service, which conceivably should have been a source of positive press, turned out differently. News reports on that topic were 62 percent negative to 38 percent positive, with Trump having a larger voice than she did in defining the meaning of her career. He was widely quoted as saying,  She s been there 30 years and has nothing to show for it. Even when the media evenly covered Clinton and Trump they often elevated nonsense stories about Clinton to the same level of serious concerns about Trump and his failures. Democrats saw many of these poorly constructed media stories in real time, and complained to the press about  false equivalence,  which allowed Trump to skate by on whether he has the temperament or maturity to be in charge of the world s largest nuclear arsenal.Thanks in large part to media malpractice, we re all going to find out if Trump can handle it. Pray he can.Featured image via Flickr",0
3515, Newt Gingrich Just PRAISED Japan For What They Did To Us At Pearl Harbor (TWEET),"On the 75th anniversary of the bombing of Pearl Harbor in Hawaii many have been remembering all those who lost their lives on that fateful day. It was what brought the United States into WWII and the date, as FDR said, will live  in infamy. Yet, as most treat December 7, as a solemn day, Newt Gingrich just tweeted out what sounded like praise for what the Japanese did to us that dreadful day.Gingrich tweeted out: 75 years ago the Japanese displayed professional brilliance and technological power launching surprises from Hawaii to the Philippines. 75 years ago the Japanese displayed professional brilliance and technological power launching surprises from Hawaii to the Philippines  Newt Gingrich (@newtgingrich) December 7, 2016 Professional brilliance and technological power launching surprises ?? Really? That s what Gingrich thinks of when he think of the attacks on Pearl Harbor. How the Japanese surprised attacked us?2.403 Americans died during the attack at Pearl Harbor, with 1,178 wounded.Gingrich thinks that is  professional brilliance ?This tweet is absolutely disrespectful to all those who lost their lives and their families. There really couldn t be a more weird and awkward tweet to put out on the day we remember Pearl Harbor.And while relations with Japan have since been mended, we must never think what they did that day was at all  brilliant. For goodness sake, someone please take away Gingrich s Twitter privileges. He clearly is out of his mind, much like his pal Donald Trump.Featured Photo by National Archive/Newsmakers",0
3516, HUGE Campaign Promise Broken By Trump As He Stabs Working Class Americans In The Back Yet Again,"Whether it s climate change, Obamacare, prosecuting Hillary Clinton (for what?), building a wall, or draining the swamp, one thing is certain: Donald Trump has made it clear he has no problem going back on his word.And now he s walking back one of the core promises of his campaign: NAFTA. The Hill reports Trump will not rip up NAFTA, contrary to his promises on the campaign trail:Anthony Scaramucci, a senior advisor on the Trump transition team, told a group of business leaders convened at a bipartisan meeting by the group No Labels that President-elect Donald Trump is a free-trader who is looking to make trade deals more fair, not scrap them. I don t think we re looking to rip up NAFTA as much as we are looking to right-size it and make it fairer,  Scaramucci said Monday.  He s got a great relationship, by the way, with the Mexican president. They talk regularly,  referring to Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pe a Nieto.Scaramucci said part of his role with Trump s economic team has been to study the impact of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA).While campaigning, Trump said he would  terminate  the deal. It was the  worst deal EVER  and needed to be  entirely renegotiated  from the ground up. What happened to that, Trump?Populist leaders on the left, such as Bernie Sanders, have been critical of NAFTA as well, so it s unlikely this will be the last Trump hears of it:Since 2001, nearly 60,000 manufacturing plants in this country have been shut down and we have lost over 4.7 million decent paying manufacturing jobs. NAFTA has led to the loss of nearly 700,000 jobs. PNTR with China has led to the loss of 2.7 million jobs. Our trade agreement with South Korea has led to the loss of about 75,000 jobs. While bad trade agreements are not the only reason why manufacturing jobs in the U.S. have declined, they are an important factor. Many labor, environmental, consumer and religious groups pushed back against NAFTA, arguing that it would create a  push-to-the-bottom in wages, destroy hundreds of thousands of good U.S. jobs, undermine democratic control of domestic policy-making and threaten health, environmental and food safety standards. The concern that the deal would undermine national sovereignty was a big one (as is currently the case with the TPP). As described by public advocacy group Public Citizen,  NAFTA contained 900 pages of one-size-fits-all rules to which each nation was required to conform all of its domestic laws   regardless of whether voters and their democratically-elected representatives had previously rejected the very same policies .Donald Trump has absolutely no interest in fulfilling any of his promises to the working class. Instead, he s giving away favors to the rich while the worst elements of the GOP step into power.Read more:Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3517, Trump Makes Absolutely IRONIC Pick With HUGE Conflict Of Interest For EPA Head,"Trump s transition is humming right along now, complete with an ever growing cabinet full of everyone he promised America he was going to get out of government. One of his latest picks is a major supporter of big oil, Scott Pruitt, who s also Oklahoma s current Attorney General. Pruitt is busy suing the EPA.And now he s going to head it.No, really, Trump has tapped Pruitt to head an agency he s suing over Obama s rule to bring down carbon emissions. Sure, 27 other states are part of that lawsuit, but the fact that one of the participants in that suit has been chosen to lead it, well, that s a huge conflict of interest. Pruitt could render the agency toothless.Of course, environmentalists are upset with this decision, and they should be. Rhea Su, who heads the Natural Resources Defense Council, said in a statement: The mission of the EPA and its administrator requires an absolute commitment to safeguard public health and protect our air, land, water and planet. That s the litmus test. By naming Pruitt, President-elect Trump has flunked. Exactly. Trump says he wants clean air and water and that s why he won t get rid of the EPA, but ensuring clean air and water means actually acknowledging science and using that to craft policy. Pruitt however, thinks whether climate change is man-made is still up in the air, and said so in The New York Times: Healthy debate is the lifeblood of American democracy, and global warming has inspired one of the major policy debates of our time.That debate is far from settled. Scientists continue to disagree about the degree and extent of global warming and its connection to the actions of mankind  Dissent is not a crime. No, dissent is not a crime. Yes, healthy debate is a good thing. Refusing to acknowledge that science says the debate is pretty much over is a bad thing. Obviously Pruitt wants his lawsuit to succeed, but now he might be able to drop or gut that rule so they win without having to worry about the D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals, where it s currently pending.Pruitt has to be confirmed and Democrats are starting to signal that they can t, in good conscience, confirm Pruitt because of what the EPA s mission is. Can they actually block his appointment, though? It depends on whether they can convince a few Republicans to oppose him, too.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3518, What Trump Just Said About Obama Is Going To Make The GOP EXPLODE (VIDEO),"While Donald Trump may have spent a lot of time dissing President Barack Obama during his presidential campaign, he has definitely changed his tone   likely because he knows how incredibly screwed he is if Obama doesn t hold his little orange hands during this transition process.On Wednesday, Trump horrified the entire Republican Party by showering praise on our current president and even said that he thinks so highly of our current Commander in Chief that he has taken some of Obama s advice on his future cabinet. During an interview on The Today Show, Trump touched on several subjects, but his most shocking statements were his kind words about Obama. Trump, who rarely takes advice from anyone but himself, said: I take his recommendations very seriously and there are some people that I will be appointing and in one case have appointed where he thought very highly of that person. I love getting his ideas. And I may differ in many cases, I differ very greatly. It s safe to say that the  one  person Trump says Obama  thought very highly of  might be another one of Trump s lies, or there might be a small chance that at least one of the people in Trump s cabinet isn t a white supremacist (hopefully). And Trump continued, as he just couldn t stop gushing about Obama: I really like him. We have a really good chemistry together. I ve asked him what he thinks are the biggest problems, greatest assets We have very good dialogue. We wonder if Obama would say the same. You can watch Trump kiss up to Obama below, with his comments starting at about the 9:30 mark:You can only imagine how much this is going to bother the rest of the Republican Party.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images ",0
3519, Donald Trump Is Time’s Person Of The Year — So Was Hitler… And Stalin… And Putin,"Donald Trump has been crowned 2016 Person of the Year by Time Magazine. He is no doubt over the moon with all of his  winning.  The rest of us were left looking at his orange face staring back from the cover and wondering WTF? However, when you look at past recipients of this award you begin to see that maybe this designation is fitting after all.Adolf Hitler started WWII and inflicted human suffering on an unprecedented level. He was responsible for the  death of tens of millions of people, including more than 20 million in the Soviet Union.  Hitler was the man behind concentration camps and gas chambers. And he was named Man of the Year by Time in 1938.Image via TimeJoseph Stalin  was the dictator of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR) from 1929 to 1953. Under Stalin, the Soviet Union was transformed from a peasant society into an industrial and military superpower. However, he ruled by terror, and millions of his own citizens died during his brutal reign.  He was named Time s Man of the Year twice, receiving the title in both 1939 and 1942.Image via TimeMore recently, in 2007, Vladimir Putin was Time s Person of the Year. This guy requires no history lesson. He is the president of Russia and was so anxious for Trump to win the presidency that he interfered in the U.S. election to ensure Hillary Clinton was defeated.Image via TimeWhen you look at it in that context, Trump being named this year s Person of the Year isn t so out of place. Indeed, Time has bestowed this award upon some of the most brutal dictators in recent history. With this understanding, Trump s face on the cover is all the more terrifying. Actually, it makes you wonder if maybe, just maybe, Time is trying to tell us something.Featured image via Twitter screen shot",0
3520, Trump Just Literally Gave The WWE A Cabinet Position; World Doomed (DETAILS),"Just when you thought things couldn t get crazier and more bizarre in the future Donald Trump administration, the president-elect just nominated ex-WWE CEO Linda McMahon to head the Small Business Administration, which is considered a cabinet role.According to Reuters: U.S. President-elect Donald Trump plans to nominate professional wrestling magnate and former Senate candidate Linda McMahon as his choice to head the Small Business Administration, transition officials told Reuters on Wednesday. Trump picks Linda McMahon to lead the Small Business Administration pic.twitter.com/sIWGV4MJsd  Bradd Jaffy (@BraddJaffy) December 7, 2016Reuters points out: McMahon, 68, is a co-founder and former CEO of the professional wrestling franchise WWE, which is based in Stamford, Connecticut. She ran unsuccessfully for a U.S. Senate seat in Connecticut in 2010. She was an early supporter of Trump s presidential campaign. Further: The SBA, which has at least one office in every U.S. state, provides support to small businesses such as extending loans and making sure they get a percentage of federal contracts. And nothing says  small business  like the WWE! It s likely one of the largest entertainment companies around, and Trump is likely giving her the position as a personal favor for all her years of support and friendship. In fact, McMahon donated $6 Million to Trump s presidential campaign. Talk about pay for play. Linda s contributions in August and September alone reportedly make up nearly one third of the money raised by Rebuilding America Now, The Donald s super PAC, making her one of the leading external donors for the Republican party during this election. This entire scenario is just mind-boggling and beyond obscene. It s almost as if Trump is going out of his way to be as horrible as possible. Between white supremacists and the WWE running this country, hopefully we make it until 2020 to make sure Trump gets voted out.In the mean time, we really need to focus on the 2018 midterms.Read more:Featured Photo by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images",0
3521, Republicans PROVE They Are Against The Working Class By Blocking Job-Creating Provision In Major Bill,"A major bipartisan infrastructure bill has gone through the House, and it proved that House Republicans don t care all that much about  buy American  (just like their lord and savior, King Cheeto). The bill, which would have permanently required all piping for water infrastructure projects receiving federal funding to be made in the U.S., has sadly been watered down to a single year.Why is this? Trump made a huge deal about  made in America,  and how American manufacturing has gone down the tubes over the last 30 years. Yet all his products are made overseas, as are most of what his daughter, Ivanka, sells in her fashion line. Trump has said that his $1 trillion infrastructure plan would have strong  buy American  requirements, so either the GOP doesn t care what their own leader wants, or Trump cares even less about American manufacturing than we thought.Or both. Critics say that it amounts to giving federal funding to some companies, and not others, creating a system of  winners and losers  in the market. That s what they always say, and they have yet to be proven right. Senate Democrats see it differently, and have been waging a Twitter campaign to build support for keeping the permanent requirement in place..@SenatorBaldwin s #BuyAmerica provision would help build US infrastructure w/ US steel. How can @HouseGOP oppose this obvious job creator?  Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) December 5, 2016.@RealDonaldTrump: Tell @SpeakerRyan to put #BuyAmerica back in Water bill. American tax dollars for American jobs.https://t.co/zpzJrHOOcF  Sherrod Brown (@SenSherrodBrown) December 5, 2016Fact: @HouseGOP plan harms American manufacturing. @HouseDemocrats will fight to support #BuyAmerica & we urge @realdonaldtrump to do same.  Rep. Jim McGovern (@RepMcGovern) December 5, 2016@HousesGOP plan harms American manufacturing. @HouseDemocrats will fight to support #BuyAmerica & we urge @realdonaldtrump to do same https://t.co/t00ZzGaAhg  Bonnie WatsonColeman (@RepBonnie) December 5, 2016According to Illinois Senator-elect Tammy Baldwin, Trump has been silent about this problem while sitting in his gilded bubble at the top of Trump Tower: By removing my Buy America standard, Speaker Ryan and House Republicans are embracing the status-quo in Washington. This is a failure by House leadership to make a solid commitment to American manufacturers and workers,  said Senator Baldwin.  American workers should build our infrastructure with American products and taxpayers  money should not be spent on Chinese or Russian iron and steel. It s disappointing that the President-elect is sitting silent in Trump Tower. One would think that, if he can blast Boeing for something that isn t happening, then he can at least issue a statement of disappointment in House Republicans for removing the provision. Now Democrats have to introduce it as a separate amendment.It s true that the single-year provision ends up in appropriations bills for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, which is a joint project between the states and the federal government for water infrastructure improvements. This particular bill would be part of that. But having to reinsert the  buy American  language in every appropriations bill every year makes it easier to remove.However, it s also true that, if Republicans were serious about bolstering American manufacturing, they d take a harder look at putting a permanent requirement in this kind of a bill. The free market certainly isn t doing anything to help, and gutting trade agreements could make things worse all throughout our economy.But whatever. We know by now that the GOP has badly failed American workers with their dogmatic adherence to the extreme, reckless brand of capitalism we practice here. They ll continue to do it until they have strong reason not to, and that involves the wealthy getting severely pissed at them.Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
3522, Trump: I Couldn’t Have Divided America Because ‘I’m Not President Yet’ (VIDEO),"Despite having run one of the most disgusting campaigns most of us have ever witnessed, the not-my-president-elect told Matt Lauer of the Today Show that he s not to blame for the division in America. Of course he did. Trump was featured as Time Magazine Person of The Year on the cover Wednesday, which named him  President of the Divided States of America. It is a great honor. It means a lot especially me growing up reading Time Magazine,  Trump told Lauer.  I have been lucky enough to be on the cover many times. Which is an odd statement considering he blasted Time magazine in Dec. 2015 on Twitter when he was not chosen. Lauer was quick to point that out. When you say divided states of America, I didn t divide them,  Trump continued to say.  They re divided now. I think putting divided is snarky, but again, it s divided. I m not president yet. So I didn t do anything to divide. SURE, he didn t. The future Demagogue-In-Chief called his Democratic opponent  Crooked Hillary  at every campaign rally, working the crowd into a frenzy.  Lock her up!  chants commenced at each of his campaign stops. Hate crimes have increased. Every white supremacist group across the board endorsed the acidic alleged billionaire. But he s not a divider. Just ask him.At that point, Lauer grilled him over his use of Twitter, a social site in which he has dished out conspiracy theories to his nearly 17 million followers. I think I am very restrained, and I talk about important things,  he said. That s a modern day form of communication. I get it out much more faster than a press release. I get it out much more honestly than dealing with dishonest reporters,  Trump added.Well, if by restrained he means attacking Saturday Night Live and the cast of the musical Hamilton, then he has a point. Otherwise, he s so full of shit we re going to have to attach a toilet flush to his jaw. As for not being sworn in yet, that s true. But he s the president-elect and needs to put his big boy pants on so he can get to work. It s going to be a loooong four years.Photo by Scott Olson via Getty.",0
3523, Trump Emboldens Ohio Republicans To Ban Abortion Six Weeks After Conception,"Donald Trump has not even taken office yet and Republicans are already launching a full-scale war on women s rights.Emboldened by the thought that Trump will only appoint anti-choice judges to the Supreme Court, Ohio Republicans tacked an amendment on a child abuse bill banning abortion six weeks after conception.Known as a fetal heartbeat measure, the amendment would be the most extreme anti-abortion law in the nation if Governor John Kasich signs it.Most women don t even know they are pregnant by the time six weeks passes, which means they would be forced to carry unwanted pregnancies to term. And that includes women who are raped since the amendment did not include an exemption for rape and incest.Ohio Senate President Keith Faber said his party made the move because Donald Trump won the election. A new president, new Supreme Court appointees change the dynamic, and there was consensus in our caucus to move forward,  Faber said.If Trump is able to replace deceased Justice Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court, not much would change from when he was alive since Scalia was anti-choice himself. However, if Trump gets to replace a liberal like Ruth Bader Ginsburg, it could tip the scales and pave the way for a ruling that destroys Roe v. Wade, which ruled abortion constitutional by a 7-2 margin in 1973.In addition to the fetal heartbeat portion of the amendment, doctors would be imprisoned for performing an abortion after six weeks, which also flies in the face of the Supreme Court decision in Roe, which barred states from outlawing abortion until fetal viability around 22 to 24 weeks of pregnancy.Donald Trump is already a disaster for women s rights and reproductive health and he hasn t even taken office yet. And you can bet that other red states are going to be emboldened by his election as well so we will see more fetal heartbeat bills or worse over the next four years.Featured Image: Eduardo Munoz Alvarez/Getty Images",0
3524," Senate Dems To GOP: Take Healthcare Hostage, There’s NO WAY We’re Working With You","If you thought Senate Democrats were going to capitulate and work with Republicans after eight years of obstruction and a MASSIVE popular vote loss, you thought wrong. At least for now, Senate Dems are talking pretty big   and if the voters hold them to that path of action, it wouldn t make political sense not to continue.At issue right now is the Republican plan to repeal the Affordable Care Act as soon as they gain power, without designing a replacement first. The Republican strategy is this: repeal the ACA immediately, but with a delay until it goes into place. There is debate about how long that delay should be. Then, in the meantime, after it is repealed but before the repeal takes full effect, design a new system and pass it with partial Democratic support.In short, they want to take the healthcare of millions of Americans hostage on the off chance that Democrats will fold and do what they want.Not a chance, says Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer. In an interview with the Washington Post, he had some interesting things to say about the Republican strategy moving forward: We re not going to do a replacement,  Schumer said of the Senate Democratic caucus.  If they repeal without a replacement, they will own it. Democrats will not then step up to the plate and come up with a half-baked solution that we will partially own. It s all theirs. Republicans appear to be calculating that the looming prospect of millions losing insurance will force Dems to cooperate with them to pass a replacement that covers far fewer people and offers less in consumer protection than the ACA does. (They may need Dems to pass a replacement, because some conservatives may not vote for anything that spends and regulates to expand coverage.) But if Democrats do hold the line against anything far short of the ACA, they may be able to leverage Republicans into replacing it with something that is not nearly as regressive as the GOP replacement might otherwise have been.This is what Schumer is now vowing to do. Asked directly if Democrats would refuse to support anything that falls significantly short of the ACA in terms of expanding social welfare, Schumer said:  The odds, after they repeal without any replacement, of us sitting at the table to do something that will chop one arm off instead of two is very small. Schumer said that in this scenario, Democrats would not toss Republicans a lifeline.  They broke it, they own it,  Schumer said.  All the problems in the health care system that they blamed on Obamacare will now be in their laps. We re going to make sure that we say things would have been a lot better, had they been thoughtful and careful and worked with us to fix Obamacare. And the fact remains that all Republican options on the table are horrible, anyway. They want to repeal the individual mandate immediately for political points   but removing the individual mandate will cause the price of health insurance to spike as the pool of those insured rapidly shifts to older, sicker people. Market instability will cause insurers to flee the markets, and is estimated to increase the number of uninsured to 60 million:The study found that 22.5 million people would lose coverage directly due to repeal of the law s subsidies, Medicaid expansion, and its individual requirement to carry health insurance.Another 7.3 million would become uninsured because of the ripple effects of market upheavals. That could happen if insurers lose confidence in the Republican promise of a replacement and abandon the individual market. A key industry worry is that a repeal law would get rid of subsidies and mandates but still leave insurers on the hook for covering people with health problems.The number of uninsured people would rise to nearly 59 million in 2019, and the nation would have a higher uninsured rate than when the ACA passed in 2010, the study found. (Source)That s right   if Republicans move forward with their current plan, they re going to leave things in a worse mess than they were before, and they re already expecting Democrats to fix it so that they can take all the credit. Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has now made it clear: If this is the Republican plan, Democrats aren t playing ball. The health of millions is at stake and if Republicans don t have a replacement, Democrats aren t going to let them play political games until they do.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
3525," Democrats Introduce Legislation To Probe Russian Voting Hacks, Trump PISSED","It s no secret that Donald Trump got a lot of help from the Russian government this election. From the wildfire of fake news spread across the internet to leaks on Hillary Clinton, Russia and its dear leader Vladimir Putin were in the bag for the new president-elect.But there s proof that the Kremlin and its band of thugs may have acted in a more nefarious, intricate way   and Democrats want to expose that.House Democrats, led by ranking member Adam Schiff (California) of the Committee on Intelligence, are set to introduce legislation that calls for a federal probe into whether or not   and to what extent   the Russian government played in the U.S. election via hacking,  to take action on evidence of foreign interference in the 2016 U.S. elections.  California Rep. Eric Swalwell and Maryland Rep. Elijah Cummings will introduce the bill in the lame duck sessionIn a letter to the White House, Schiff asked that President Obama share with members of Congress a classified report that details Russia s potential role in swaying the outcome of the election   and that it very well could have given us President Trump:We are deeply concerned by Russian efforts to undermine, interfere with and even influence the outcome of our recent election. By eroding Americans  and foreigners  trust in US institutions, Russia both weakens our country and sows global instability and uncertainty.The letter, signed by all six Democrats on the committee, comes days after Senate Democrats sent the White House a similar letter urging transparency on Russia.In Time magazine, Donald Trump told interviewers that he does not believe Russia had instigated a hack (or any other meddling) and that the concern of such was politically motivated by the Democrats: I don t believe it. I don t believe they interfered,  Trump said in an interview with Time magazine, which named him person of the year.When asked by Time if the conclusion reached by U.S. officials was motivated by politics, Trump responded,  I think so. While it s unclear how much of an impact the intrusions had on the election outcome, the revelations proved embarrassing for the Democratic Party and cost DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz her job at the top of the committee.Instead, Trump famously blamed any hacking and counter-election offenses by a 400 pound guy in a basement somewhere in the United States (without providing evidence).While Trump peddles conspiracy theories, Democrats seek to legitimize the electoral process of the United States.Featured image via Winn McNamee/Getty Images",0
3526, Trump Gets PUMMELED During TODAY Show Interview; Matt Lauer Did NOT Hold Back (VIDEO),"Ever since Matt Lauer threw Donald Trump some majorly softball questions during his Q&A with the president-elect during the campaign, many people have been criticizing how he didn t go hard enough on Trump to get some real answers.Well, Lauer clearly got the message, albeit a little too late, because he just absolutely went after Trump during a phone interview on the TODAY show Wednesday morning.Lauer said: You seem to understand that perhaps having fights on Twitter would not be appropriate for the president. I have not seen you backing off fights on Twitter  In the time since you were elected, you ve targeted the cast of Hamilton, The New York Times, China, Boeing, the media, and SNL. Which, of course, put Trump on the defense pathetically trying to explain how going after SNL and a Broadway show are somehow justified. The president-elect also seems to think that Twitter is an appropriate form of communication, no matter how immature the tweets. He also, again, went after SNL, and when Lauer brought up the fact that he had previously hosted the show, Trump whined that it s gone downhill since then.Sure, Donald, that s it.Good on Lauer for finally being tough on Trump.Watch Lauer really press Trump here: WATCH:  I like Alec, but his imitation of me is really mean-spirited and not very good.  @realdonaldtrump on #SNL https://t.co/NEslxLZJuS  TODAY (@TODAYshow) December 7, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
3527, Tina Fey SKEWERS Trump For Being A ‘Chump’ Who ‘Can’t Muster The Dignity Of A Seventh Grader’,"Tina Fey put the jokes aside and took serious aim at Donald Trump.In an interview with David Letterman for The Hollywood Reporter, Fey talked about human dignity and the struggle to find dignity in Trump s America. What do you think is the No. 1 struggle of humanity now?  Letterman asked. How are we going to proceed with any kind of dignity in an increasingly ugly world?  Fey responded.  In a world where the president makes fun of handicapped people and fat people, how do we proceed with dignity? Indeed, Donald Trump has apparently set his sights on destroying human dignity for the last year and half, reducing many groups of people to outcasts while basically telling white conservatives that they are the only ones in America who matter.Fey also talked about how women were so close to making their lives so much better, only to watch as America voted for a douchebag who will likely help Republicans reverse much of the progress women have made over the last century. It feels like we were on the precipice of things getting pretty good, and now we re in a bit of a throwback moment. I definitely came out of last month feeling misogyny is much more real than two years ago. Fey is also concerned about the Internet and how Trump and his deplorable supporters are using it. But the thing I worry about [more] than actual human interaction is the Internet. Because that s just despicable: people just being able to be awful to each other without having to be in the same room. It s metastasizing now, thanks to our glorious president-elect who can t muster the dignity of a seventh-grader. It s so easy for people to abuse each other and to abandon all civility. Elsewhere in the interview, Fey commented on Trump s Twitter tantrums over his portrayal on Saturday Night Live.  It just makes me feel sick for the state of the world because it s so beneath a president,  she said.Then she commented on Trump demanding an apology from the cast of Hamilton for delivering a message of unity and diversity to Mike Pence. I thought, our president-elect is a chump of a manager because don t put yourself in a position where you re asking for something and you re going to be told no You re the president. You demanded an apology that you can t get. Bad management skills. Tina Fey is right. Donald Trump should focus on the presidency instead of embarrassing himself and the office by lashing out at people on Twitter. He has created a toxic atmosphere of hate that has only hurt this country and millions of Americans who now face the daily threat of hate crimes and bullying. He should be ashamed and he definitely should not be president.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
3528, WATCH: Trump Threatens Saturday Night Live During Today Show Appearance,"Matt Lauer gave Donald Trump a chance to stop acting like a petulant child but he only doubled down.On Wednesday morning after bragging about somehow being picked by Time Magazine as their person of the year, Trump was asked by Lauer if he would be better off not watching Saturday Night Live. You know, because Trump has more important shit he should be dealing with like the presidency. Can we agree, Mr. President-elect Trump, that at this stage it would be better for you to simply stop watching SNL?  Lauer asked.  As opposed to watching it and then complaining about it? As we all know, Trump has repeatedly thrown a temper tantrum every time he watches Alec Baldwin s perfect impersonation of him on the longtime comedy skit show.After Baldwin s latest performance, Trump took to Twitter to whine.Just tried watching Saturday Night Live   unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can t get any worse. Sad  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016But Trump refused to answer Lauer s question and proceeded to trash the show instead. There s nothing funny about it,  Trump claimed, even though millions of Americans watch the show because it is hilarious.  The skits are terrible. I like Alec but his imitation of me is terrible. But you can t bring yourself to stop watching it?  Lauer tried again.And this time, Trump made a veiled threat suggesting that he ll try to force Saturday Night Live off the air once he gets into office if the show doesn t stop mocking him. Frankly, the way the show is going now   and when you look at the work they re doing   who knows how long that show s gonna be on? It s a terrible show. Here s the video via YouTube.When Trump talks like this it needs to be taken seriously. Freedom of speech is in serious jeopardy and Trump is actng like a typical dictator who can t handle being the butt of a joke.Former Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi also whined about being the the subject of satire, and that led to Bassem Youssef, who hosted a Daily Show-like political satire program, to be arrested and persecuted. His show was eventually forced off the air. It sounds like Trump is laying the groundwork to do the same to shows that make fun of him.Featured Image: Ty Wright/ Getty Images",0
3529, Texas Lawmaker Files CRUCIAL Bill That Could Save Countless Lives (VIDEO),"On Tuesday, Senator Jose Menendez (D-San Antonio) filed a bill in Austin to expand the use of medical cannabis. The bill, titled Senate Bill 269, will allow for doctors to decide how much or which part of the plant to use in order to treat patients with chronic health conditions such as severe autism, epilepsy, PTSD and a wealth of other disorders that cause debilitating pain and mental and physical disabilities.After this unprecedented bill was filed in Texas on Tuesday morning, Menendez held a press conference along with citizens who were there to speak about why this bill is so important to their lives and what cannabis will do for their children and families who are suffering.Senator Menendez opens with his reasons for this crucial bill: No one has died from an overdose of cannabis in this country,  said Menendez. 44 people are dying every single day from overdoses of painkillers, prescription painkillers. Why if we re such a state that is always been, we thrive on talking about our independence and less regulation and less government and all of these things, why are we deciding to put more government or a politician s decisions between a patient and their doctors. One mother, Debbie Tolany, spoke at length about her 13-year-old son, Miles, who is affected by autism, has intractable epilepsy and a rare endocrine disorder called hypoparathyroid disease. In 2015, Texas passed a bill allowing for the limited use of cannabis for certain patients with epilepsy which a giant leap for the red state, but unfortunately, it wasn t enough to help Miles and others like him. Doctors, having little control over the treatment they prescribe, are forced to use medicines with chemical side-effects that can be severely damaging to the brain and can continue to be a detriment to the well-being of their patients.Debbie had this to say about her son and the side-effects that Miles recently endured from chemical medications prescribed to him: I watched a child with low muscle tone and usually low endurance for physical movement run in frantic circles around my living room for 30 minutes. His face and lips were completely white and he cried out in pain, looking at me for support, which his body would not allow him to receive. No parent should have to watch their son suffer in such a way and no human being should be FORCED by doctors, who are supposed to be taking care of them, to ingest chemicals that only make things worse.The answer for these families is pretty simple. Please watch the full report below: You can also view the press conference, in its entirety, here.Featured image via screenshot",0
3530," NOTHING About Those 50,000 Jobs From Japan Is What Trump Says It Is (VIDEO)","For the second time in as many weeks, Trump s Twitter feed has been filled with bravado over his job saving and job creating expertise. First, it was Carrier. It turned out to be a lie and a bad deal all around, but that didn t stop Trump from bragging that he saved 1,000 jobs.On Tuesday, Trump announced via Twitter that a Japanese company called SoftBank was ready to move 50,000 jobs to the United States. Naturally, Trump took credit for it.Masa (SoftBank) of Japan has agreed to invest $50 billion in the U.S. toward businesses and 50,000 new jobs .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 6, 2016 @realDonaldTrump: Masa said he would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!  Trump For President (@TrumpD2016) December 7, 2016Trump also held a press conference in front of Trump Tower saying: Ladies and gentlemen, this is Masa from Japan,  Trump told reporters at Trump Tower as he introduced CEO Masayoshi Son, whose company, SoftBank, owns Sprint.  He s just agreed to invest $50 billion in the United States and 50,000 jobs. He s one of the great men of industry, so I just want to thank you very much. Thank you. Source: PoliticoHere s the video:Anyone who s followed business or has ever taken a business class knows that it s impossible to iron out a deal like this in just a few weeks. Well, that s because it hasn t been ironed out and, well, it s been in the works since October.SunBank is not a bank. They are a technology company with a majority ownership in Sprint. They had previously tried to merge with T-Mobile but gave up after Obama expressed a concern about growing telecom monopolies. This is likely the reason Son is excited about Trump s presidency.In October, SoftBank announced the creation of a $100 billion fund, backed by Saudi Arabia. It appears that this latest  deal  is part of that.The reason  deal  is in quotes in the above paragraph is that there is no deal. There is talk of a deal, but all we ve seen so far is a PowerPoint slide. There is no legally-binding contract, there is no timeline, although according to the PowerPoint slide, it would take place over four years. As for the $50 billion investment, only a portion of that will be coming from SoftBank if it comes at all.Son said in a speech Friday in New Delhi that $25 billion of the money was put up by SoftBank, $45 billion by the sovereign wealth fund of Saudi Arabia, and the remaining $30 billion by other investors, according to Bloomberg.The fund, therefore, plans to invest half of what it has raised in the US. For comparison, a study of all 2015 venture capital funding in the world by EY found that roughly half of these investments were made in US-based companies, so this allocation does not appear to be out of the ordinary.Source: Business InsiderPerhaps the most important thing is that SoftBank, like Trump, can t be trusted. They are already a large American employer and just last year, Son announced his plan to cut thousands of jobs. However, even as early as last November, Son was hinting at this latest plan, saying that he plans on increasing the company s stake in Sprint.Featured image via Sara D. Davis/Getty Images.",0
3531," Air Force Secretary Delivers EPIC Smackdown To Trump On Boeing – You Don’t Get It, Sir","If anybody besides Boeing is going to know the details of the contract they have to deliver two new Air Force Ones, it would be, surprise surprise, the Air Force. Trump, however, is treating this like a simple business thing (because he doesn t know any better and considers himself to be the preeminent genius of the world), and it s not.Thankfully, Air Force Secretary Deborah Lee James was only too happy to enlighten Trump with some of the nuance behind a contract like this, which Trump would do well to learn: Air Force One, although it is a 747 platform, is way, way more than what you would think of as a commercial airliner. It really is, in many ways, a flying White House, in terms of the security. There s [electronic] countermeasures built in, communications, very high level communications, security of all types. After all, this is carrying the president of the United States. It has to go long distances, it has to survive under difficult circumstances, much more difficulty than a normal civilian airliner. So it is a bit more complicated than perhaps meets the eye. And then she dropped this truth bomb on Trump: There are professional security people who are in the White House who develop requirements for Air Force One. They are not political appointees; they are professional security people. Those requirements then come to the Air Force and our job is to build the acquisition strategy around it to deliver those requirements. In other words, we didn t make up all these security factors and communications standards. The price tag on these planes could be lowered, she notes, if you change the requirements on it. Since the White House sets the requirements based on what they need to protect the President, and what the President needs to do his job from the air, then neither Boeing nor the Air Force really sets a price. It s a negotiation and the price tag, at $170 million (not four effing billion) is probably very reasonable, given what all is involved.We should also note that these planes won t even be in service for another decade   well after Trump is out of office even if he were to win re-election in 2020.And yet, here s Donald Trump, on Twitter, acting as though the Air Force is just shoveling money into the fire willy-nilly, and/or that Boeing is severely overcharging just because they can.Her entire response can be paraphrased to,  With all due respect, sir, you don t get it.  In providing a detailed explanation, she was not only clarifying what was going on and allaying any worries that might arise from the cost, but she was also telling Trump that he was totally ignorant about the entire process.His tweet was dangerous. It sent Boeing s stocks tumbling briefly. Trump needs to get informed and stop tweeting on his own, or someone needs to take his phone away from him so this doesn t happen again. Thankfully there are experts to explain what s really going on here.Read morePhoto of Deborah James by Alex Wong via Getty Images. Photo of Donald Trump by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
3532, Carrier Workers BLAST Trump: ‘He Lied His Ass Off’,"Donald Trump has been bragging nonstop about the Carrier deal that supposedly kept more than 1,000 jobs in the U.S., but workers at the company are calling him out for being full of it. On Tuesday, the Carrier union s president said point blank that Trump  lied his ass off  when it came to the terms of the deal.United Steelworkers 1999 President Chuck Jones said that when Trump first said that he was going to save those 1,350 at the Indiana plant, he was hopeful. As The Hill explains,  Carrier had originally planned to move the jobs to Mexico, but decided to keep 730 of the jobs in Indiana after receiving $7 million in tax breaks from the state, where Vice President-elect Mike Pence is governor. Jones, giving the billionaire con-man far more credit than he deserves, fully expected that when Trump got up in front of the cameras on Dec. 1, he would explain that 550 of those jobs weren t saved at all. But he got up there,  Jones said,  and, for whatever reason, lied his ass off. Last week, Trump couldn t stop boasting about the deal during his ridiculous celebratory rally. Now they re keeping   actually the number s over 1,100 people,  he said,  which is so great. But Jones says this is utter bullsh*t. Trump and Pence, he explains, were more than a little misleading and some of the jobs they claimed to have saved weren t ever even slated to go to Mexico in the first place. Trump and Pence, they pulled a dog and pony show on the numbers,  Jones said.  I almost threw up in my mouth. But that won t stop Trump from bragging, and it won t stop his supporters from continuing to buy his lies hook, line, and sinker every damn time. No matter how many pants-on-fire lies Trump gets caught in, they still think he actually cares about the little guy even though it is more than obvious that he couldn t care less about anybody but himself and his rich, racist buddies.Featured image via Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images",0
3533, ‘CLOWN SHOW’: Former CIA Official Takes Shots At Trump’s Team In Hilarious Clip (VIDEO),"Philip Mudd, a former CIA official, totally tore Trump and his future national security adviser, Lt. General Michael Flynn, to pieces during a Tuesday appearance on CNN s  The Situation Room. Mudd had strong words for Flynn especially, saying he was  absolutely not  the right choice.  I m watching a clown show,  he said.CNN has more:Quickly morphing   in his own words   from a  CNN commentator to a former CIA official,  Mudd went on to list a collection of men and women who have previously held the post Flynn is scheduled to occupy, all the while denouncing Flynn s behavior during the recent campaign. We transition now to a national security adviser [Flynn]   in a political realm   who argues that an opponent, on the stump, should be locked up in prison, who argues that a billion plus Muslims should be grouped together. Mudd went on to express his ire at the idea that Flynn s son   Michael G. Flynn   had security clearance requested on his behalf.While it should be noted that team Trump has denied requesting that access for Flynn s son, I have to point out they re already trying to bury the whole incident anyway, and are also liars, so their word is not to be trusted without thorough documentation.As Mudd said, the incoming Trump administration is, indeed, a  clown show.  Unfortunately, it s also a clown show that will be running the entire country, and Flynn is just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to swamp monsters on Trump s staff.Here s the video:Former CIA official Phil Mudd goes off on Gen. Flynn: I m watching a clown show! https://t.co/oQC1TEd2bi  The Situation Room (@CNNSitRoom) December 6, 2016Politico, in their coverage of the segment, touched on some of the issues people are taking with the appointment of General Flynn, saying:  Trump s appointment of Flynn, who has referred to Islam as a  cancer  and argued that  fear of Muslims is rational,  has been challenged by numerous advocacy groups, with 53 organizations recently signing an open letter calling on Trump to rescind the pick. In my own words:Flynn isn t as bad as Trump s other picks at first glance, that is. He seems to have no clue what he s talking about with regard to many political issues, but on the subject of national security, he does at least have some expertise. Unfortunately, that expertise is tempered with a  let s bomb the shit out of everything!  attitude combined with extreme Islamophobia. Lovely. He s also been reported to have a loose relationship with the truth. A leaked email from former Secretary of State and four-star general Colin Powell is even more telling: I spoke at DIA last month,  Powell wrote to his son, Michael, on July 19 before relaying a story he apparently heard from Marine Lt. Gen. Vincent Stewart, the current DIA director.  Flynn got fired as head of DIA. His replacement is a black Marine 3-star. I asked why Flynn got fired. Abusive with staff, didn t listen, worked against policy, bad management, etc. He has been and was right-wing nutty every [sic] since.'  (The Washington Post)Come on, Trump, you can t do better than that? Who am I kidding   of course you can t.Every day it becomes more and more clear: Trump is an authoritarian moron with little idea of how to run a government. He, and the people around him, are incredibly dangerous.Featured image via video screencapture",0
3534, Trump Is Getting RAVAGED By Chinese Media For ‘Acting Like A Rookie’,"Donald Trump shocked the world with a 10-minute phone call with Taiwan s leadership   a move that could greatly damage diplomatic relationships with China. This move, which was suspiciously preceded by the Trump Organization inquiring about building a hotel in Taiwan, led to an official complaint from China and made it clear to the world that Donald Trump is either too stupid to be President or worse   that he knows exactly what he is doing and has an agenda that is in line with anyone else who wants to harm our country.Apparently, Chinese state-run media has decided the former is the case.Hammering The Donald for his repeated attacks on the country since the phone call, the Global Times speculates that The Donald is just an idiot who will eventually learn to employ diplomacy:Trump s reckless remarks against a major power show his lack of experience in diplomacy. He may have overestimated the power of the US. He may have already been obsessed with the power he is about to have a grip on, and wishes the whole world should follow his lead. He may also believe that if China, the biggest power after the US, is awed by Washington, it will solve all other problems.No matter what Trump thinks, China must be determined to upset his unreasonable requests at his early time in office, and fight back if his moves harm China s interests, regardless of the consequences to the dynamics of the Sino-US relationship. If China behaves soft-heartedly for the greater good of the bilateral ties, it will only embolden Trump to be more aggressive.Trump s China-bashing tweet is just a cover for his real intent, which is to treat China as a fat lamb and cut a piece of meat off it. Trump wants to revive US economy, but he knows that his country is not as competitive as it used to be. He is trying to pillage other countries for the prosperity of the US. Trump sems to be wanting to make the US a new economic empire in the 21st century under his leadership, which is about to smash current world economic order. However, he doesn t know that the US is the biggest beneficiary from the current world order, and he wants to reshape the world order into a winner-takes-all one.China Daily chided Trump for his  lame  excuses about the phone call, noting that no matter the reason he  broke a decades-old bilateral diplomatic consensus and touched an ultra-sensitive diplomatic nerve.  The publication goes on to say that the incoming POTUS must familiarize himself with the way the world works outside his bubble because shit s about to get real when he is President and they can t roll their eyes at him any longer:Trump may dislike, distrust the diplomatic establishment in Washington D.C., and aspire to rework US foreign policies. But he should first come to terms with the real, not imagined, reality of international relations before wielding the scalpel, because a misstep as president will be far more damaging than one as president-elect.As president-elect, Trump can expect some forgiveness even when he is shooting from the hip. But things will be different when he becomes president.To stop acting like the diplomatic rookie he is, the next US president needs help in adapting to his forthcoming role change. Otherwise, he will make costly troubles for his country, and find himself trying to bluster his way through constant diplomatic conflagrations.Donald Trump hasn t stepped foot in the Oval Office yet and he s already an international embarrassment   and he needs to get his shit straight before he can do even more damage.Featured image via Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla",0
3535, Member Of Trump Team Resigns In Disgrace To Stop Media From Asking About This,"A member of Donald Trump s presidential transition team has been kicked aside after he was caught spreading a dangerous conspiracy theory promoted on fake news websites. Michael G. Flynn, son of Trump s pick to be national security adviser, General Michael T. Flynn, will no longer be on the team and his official transition email has been shut off.The son of Lt.-Gen. Michael T. Flynn, Donald Trump s pick to be national security adviser, Michael G. Flynn, resigned from the Trump transition team Tuesday, CBS News  Major Garrett reported.He offered his resignation when it became clear that he was becoming a significant distraction and his position helping his father was no longer tenable.Flynn the younger was given the distinct impression that his tweets on fake news had become problematic and the transition did not intend to expend the energy or political capital necessary to defend him.The son has repeatedly promoted and pushed the so-called  Pizzagate  conspiracy, in which conservatives created a false story around the hacked emails of Hillary Clinton aide John Podesta and alleged that a Washington, D.C. pizza restaurant was the hub of a child trafficking ring.Thanks to promotion by fake news sites, conspiracy theorists, and accounts like Flynn s Twitter account, a disturbed gunman recently went to the pizzeria and got off a shot while ranting about the  Pizzagate  conspiracy.When it was uncovered that Flynn had promoted the conspiracy, he argued that it was possible   despite considerable evidence to the contrary   that it might be true. He even got into a fight on Twitter with CNN anchor Jake Tapper, who tried to explain to Flynn through a back channel that promoting this story was actually putting lives in danger.Fake news and conspiracy theorists have thrived with Donald Trump. Trump, who came to fame politically as a supporter of the  birther  conspiracy, has appeared on radio shows with conspiracy theorists and enlisted some of them as informal political advisers.Featured image via screen capture",0
3536," New Poll Shows Republicans Hilariously Abandoning The ‘Free Market,’ Embracing Fascism (IMAGE)","Republicans apparently have no idea what they believe anymore. The only constant in the GOP universe these days is believing whatever it is Trump wants them to believe.That s the only explanation I can think of for the results of the following polls. This one, from Politico, shows overwhelming numbers of Republican supporting direct federal negotiation with individual businesses, tax breaks or incentives offered to specific individual businesses ( crony capitalism ), and advantages on government contractors for specific businesses:The best part? Even the GOP platform doesn t agree! Here s more, directly from the 2016 platform:Cronyism is inherent in the progressive vision of the administrative state. When government uses taxpayer funding and resources to give special advantages to private companies, it distorts the free market and erodes public trust in our political system. By enlarging the scope of government and placing enormous power in the hands of bureaucrats, it multiplies opportunities for corruption and favoritism. It is the enemy of reform in education, the workplace, and healthcare. It gives us financial regulation that protects the large at the cost of the small. It is inherent in every part of the current healthcare law, which is packed with corporate welfare. Crony capitalism gives us special interest tax breaks, custom-designed regulations, and special exemptions for favored parties. The Solyndra debacle is a perfect example. It creates both subsidies and restrictions to tilt the market one way or the other. By putting the weight of government behind the status quo, it leads to economic stagnation.Now, I feel it is important to note that I don t agree with Republican economic theories at all. There is no such thing as a truly  free market  when markets are an abstract concept defined by and regulated by a central authority   no matter how much libertarian-minded conservatives may wish otherwise. Yet it can t be denied that Trump and pence   and GOP views right now overall   do not see remotely eye to eye with the stance outlined in the platform.Strong regulatory rules that are the same for everyone (progressive economics) are a far cry from  whoever the president wants to win, wins.  What Republicans are currently claiming to be in support of isn t a free market. It s fascism, and it s as big as big government gets. Even Sarah fucking Palin understands that!It gets better. Another poll, from the Economist/YouGov, shows that Republicans are completely open with their newfound lack of free market economics:As you can see, traditional politics has been turned on its head   this poll shows MUCH higher support for free market economics among Democrats and independents than Republicans.Now, interpretation. I don t think anything has actually changed at all for the average Republican voter. They believe the same things day to day they always did. They re just not that smart, and they have way too much respect for authoritative leaders   they re authoritarian followers who think a  strong  leader like Trump always knows what is best. So this is less of a case of switched beliefs, and more a case of  whatever dad says goes. Some conservative leaders have tried to fight back against Trump s professed love of fascist economics, but the reasonable voices in the GOP (by their standard) should have learned that they were drowned out long ago. This is Trump s party now. And soon, it s Trump s America.The right wing has lost all sense of leadership and guidance and is now abandoning its own core principles in a desperate bid to retain power. And I don t mean over one election   they know the future of their party is in danger. Hillary s 2.6 million popular vote victory, the simmering anger of a large number of Americans, and the upcoming census elections are ensuring that the few smart Republicans left see the writing on the wall: unless they pull off some massive populist victories during the next few years, they re doomed.With Trump at the helm and support for fascism on the rise, things are not looking good.Featured image partial shot of embedded Politico poll",0
3537, Petition DEMANDING The Electoral College Take Action To Stop Trump Has Just Made History,"There s a petition on Change.org going around to stop Trump from becoming President, and it has made history, not just for its nature, but because it s the most popular ever seen. At 4.7 million signatures and counting, it s over 80 percent of the way to its goal, and the number of signatories just keeps growing.The second most popular petition on Change.org was to stop a dog meat festival, and had two million fewer signatures. That goes to show the Electoral College that a lot of people are looking for any way imaginable to stop Trump from actually getting inaugurated on Jan. 20, 2017.This petition is called  Electoral College: Make Hillary Clinton President,  and very likely won t work, if for no other reason than Republican electors just will not cast their votes for her. That s despite a popular vote lead of over two million, which is a bigger margin and several past presidents  margins of victory. They should make her president based on that, but they ve been conditioned to hate her guts. So no go there, sadly.However, we may not need the biggest petition in history to work exactly as planned, because there s a growing coalition of  faithless electors  who won t vote for Trump. Several Democratic electors have gotten together in a mad dash to convince enough other electors to vote against Trump before the Dec. 19 deadline. They re calling themselves  Hamilton Electors  after Alexander Hamilton.At least two Republican electors from Texas have also declared that they can t vote for Trump. One, Christopher Suprun, penned an op-ed in The New York Times about all the reasons he can t vote for Trump. He s also encouraging his fellow electors to reject Trump and settle on someone like John Kasich. Kasich isn t great, but compared to Trump, he d be the best president ever.Perhaps this petition has gotten the attention of some other electors, and they re planning on defecting, too. The sheer magnitude of this petition should send a clear message to them that the people want them to defect. Here s hoping they take a good, long look at what they re doing and make their decisions for the good of the country.Featured image by Mark Makela/Getty Images",0
3538, Carrier Makes APPALLING Announcement Less Than A Week After Trump’s ‘Deal’,"Donald Trump and all his cohorts are exalting him as a master of business following his deal with Carrier to keep roughly 1,000 jobs in Indiana (while still moving more than half to Mexico anyway). He did it by giving them a whopping $7 million tax break and other incentives, which told the rest of the corporate world that if they want more tax breaks, they should threaten to send jobs out of the country.So this might have saved some Americans  jobs, and in the short term, that s a good thing. HOWEVER. There s a catch. Carrier has announced that it will raise its prices in January. A death spiral can begin with that, and it appears that it s something Trump only fleetingly considered.Carrier insists that their decision to raise prices has nothing to do with their decision to keep some jobs here. Indeed, they did announce their price increase a week before Trump reached a deal with them. The problem is that, if their prices go up and competitors  prices don t, they ll find themselves at a disadvantage if they find they actually need the price increase to offset higher manufacturing costs. Then those saved jobs could disappear anyway.There are also global forces that have taken manufacturing jobs away from the U.S. that we can t stop no matter how many individual deals Trump manages to strike. Carrier, and others, may find themselves not just at a disadvantage with each other, but at a severe disadvantage with foreign competitors, even if Trump tries to slap a tariff on those imports (which won t work).As many people have noted, striking deals with companies one by one is not the way to improve our jobs market or our economy. And economists all over the political spectrum believe this is a seriously bad idea   they destroy an economy from the inside out. Even Sarah Palin recognizes this as crony capitalism, and Sarah Palin is about as dense and clueless as they come. The government is not a business and Trump needs to stop acting like it is.Besides all that, other companies that game Trump to get bigger tax breaks could still raise their prices, and still basically do what greedy corporations do to enrich themselves and fuck the rest of us sideways with rusty chainsaws. We need broad economic policy and overhaul, not individual deals with manufacturers and huge tariffs on companies that offshore jobs.Whether Carrier was already going to raise prices or not, this little announcement shows one of the many dark sides of Trump s approach to saving jobs. In the end, it s not likely to work.Featured image by Tasos Katopodis via Getty Images",0
3539, Obama Just Threw MAJOR Shade At Trump During Last National Security Speech (VIDEO),"During President Obama s final National Security speech as president, he took a moment to let President-Elect Trump know that it s imperative citizens are able to criticize authority without fearing they ll get in trouble.It was clearly a remark aimed at Trump because of the president-elect s inability to be able to take criticism and will often lash out in some way shape or form against whoever dare to speak up against him or have a different opinion.President Obama said: freedom can never be taken for granted. Each of us has a responsibility to sustain it. The universal right to speak your mind   protest against authority. To live in a society that s open and free. That can criticize a president without retribution. If Trump actually wants to be president, he s going to have to learn how to handle criticism, and he s going to have to learn fast. He s not only going to get criticized by both sides of the aisle, but by the public at large and the rest of the world. He needs to be able to handle that and not do anything to threaten our national security nor the freedom of American citizens to speak their mind.President Obama has been one of our most criticized national leaders in a long time, and he, more than most, knows that you must keep a level head, and he clearly wants Trump to learn how to do that too.Watch President Obama throw major shade at Trump here:Obama says the US is a country where citizens have a right to  protest against authority  and criticize a  president without retribution  pic.twitter.com/8XQAw0BdAt  Brianna Sacks (@bri_sacks) December 6, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
3540," The Weather Channel Just SLAMMED Breitbart For Climate Change Lies, And It’s GLORIOUS","Right-wingers everywhere have been trying to disprove overwhelming climate science that shows the earth is warming rapidly. They seem to believe that if it s cold outside, well, then the earth isn t actually warming.Breitbart news is no different, and they decided to try to use a video from The Weather Channel to disprove climate change and wrote an entire article touting claims that we re not actually warming. However, The Weather Channel just struck back and responded with their own article titled,  Note to Breitbart: Earth Is Not Cooling, Climate Change Is Real and Please Stop Using Our Video to Mislead Americans. Note to @BreitbartNews: Earth Is Not Cooling, Climate Change Is Real and Stop Using Our Video to Mislead Americans https://t.co/ipP0fD2BEg pic.twitter.com/ypSMJ4eML6  The Weather Channel (@weatherchannel) December 6, 2016   Note to Breitbart: Earth Is Not Cooling, Climate Change Is Real https://t.co/UfjMoFuiRq  The Weather Channel (@weatherchannel) December 6, 2016What s actually more horrifying than Breitbart trying to purposefully misinform people is that the House Committee on Science, Space, and Technology actually tweeted the Breitbart article, giving it credit where absolutely no credit was due..@BreitbartNews: Global Temperatures Plunge. Icy Silence from Climate Alarmists https://t.co/uLUPW4o93V  Sci,Space,&Tech Cmte (@HouseScience) December 1, 2016The Weather Channel then when through claim by claim made and thoroughly debunked the misinformation, and even said: Here s the thing, science doesn t care about your opinion. Cherrypicking and changing the facts will not change the future, nor the fact, note fact, not opinion, the earth is warming. Here are the debunked claims:CLAIM:  Global land temperatures have plummeted by one degree Celsius since the middle of this year   the biggest and steepest fall on record. TRUTH: This number comes from one satellite-based estimate of temperatures above land areas in the lower atmosphere. Data from the other two groups that regularly publish satellite-based temperature estimates show smaller drops, more typical of the decline one would expect after a strong El Ni o event.Temperatures over land give an incomplete picture of global-scale temperature. Most of the planet   about 70 percent   is covered by water, and the land surface warms and cools more quickly than the ocean. Land-plus-ocean data from the other two satellite groups, released after the Breitbart article, show that Earth s lower atmosphere actually set a record high in November 2016.CLAIM:  It can be argued that without the El Ni o (and the so-called  Pacific Blob ) 2014-2016 would not have been record warm years.  (David Whitehouse, Global Warming Policy Foundation, quoted by Breitbart)TRUTH: NOAA data show that the 2014-16 El Ni o did not even begin until October 2014. It was a borderline event until mid-2015, barely above the El Ni o threshold. El Ni o clearly added to the strength of the record global warmth observed since late 2015. However, if the El Ni o spike is removed, 2016 is still the warmest year on record and 2015 the second warmest, according to climate scientist Zeke Hausfather (Berkeley Earth).CLAIM:  Many think that 2017 will be cooler than previous years. Myles Allen of Oxford University says that by the time of the next big United Nations climate conference, global temperatures are likely to be no warmer than the Paris COP in 2015. This would be a strange thing to happen if, as some climate scientists have claimed, recent years would have been a record even without the El Ni o.  (David Rose, U.K. Daily Mail, quoted by Breitbart)TRUTH: There is nothing unusual about a drop in global surface temperatures when going from El Ni o to La Nina. These ups and downs occur on top of the long-term warming trend that remains when the El Ni o and La Ni a signals are removed. If there were no long-term trend, then we would see global record lows occurring during the strongest La Ni a events. However, the last year to see global temperatures hit a record low was 1911, and the most recent year that fell below the 20th-century average was 1976.Watch the full video and breakdown from The Weather Channel HERE.As horrible as all of this is, it s actually kind of hilarious that The Weather Channel so thoroughly threw Breitbart under the bus. They deserve to be condemned and the fact remains that Climate Change is absolutely real and we need to start doing more to combat it.Featured image via The Weather Channel screen capture",0
3541, Trump’s Lapdog Chris Christie Breaks ALL TIME RECORD As His Career Explodes Into Flames,"Remember when Chris Christie was a contender for the Republican Party presidential nomination? Now imagine Chris Christie remembering that while looking glumly into a mirror, and try not to smile. Despite doing everything politically and humanly possible to try and stay relevant, the Bridgegate scandal and generally shittiness of Christie are preventing him from achieving well, anything. At this point, his career in politics is toast.In fact, he just set an all-time record for exactly how screwed his career is. In the entire history of the Quinnipiac poll, no governor of any state has ever had an approval rating as low as Christie does right now.Here s more:Looking at Christie s personal qualities, New Jersey voters say:Garden State voters say 69   24 percent that President-elect Donald Trump should not offer Christie a job in his administration. Oh how the mighty have fallen. Remember four years ago, when Republican leaders were pleading with New Jersey Gov. Chirstopher Christie to run for president and he looked like a sure thing for reelection   which he was? Now the neighbors have handed him the most dubious of honors, the lowest approval rating ever measured for a governor in the states surveyed by the Quinnipiac University Poll,  said Assistant Poll Director Maurice Carroll. The Gov s job approval numbers get worse every time anyone looks. The last time we looked, May 18, he had a 64   29 percent disapproval rating,  Carroll added.  This could be a long final year for Gov. Christie. Only 3 percent of New Jersey voters give Christie an A for the job he has been doing as governor.I sincerely doubt anybody has an ounce of pity for him at this point.I ll leave you with this reminder of how pathetic Chris Christie is:Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3542, This BRILLIANT Tweetstorm Shows How Senate Democrats Can Save SCOTUS,"The worst part about the GOP controlling all three branches of the federal government is that they are about to hand the Supreme Court over to fascists and right-wing ideologues like themselves for a generation. However, there is one way to stop them   if only Senate Democrats have the cajones to do it. On January 3, for just a few precious moments, the Democrats will control the Senate prior to the newly elected Republican Senators being sworn in. During that time, according to Senatorial procedure expert David Waldman, Vice President Joe Biden could have the Senate come to order for a vote on Merrick Garland, the Obama nominee that the Senate Republicans have refused to give a hearing and a vote to. Here are Waldman s tweets explaining the whole thing:Send Biden to the Senate on Jan. 3 w Garland's renomination & instructions to recognize Durbin before swearing in. https://t.co/KUNbf8qF8a  David Waldman (@KagroX) November 25, 2016Dem Senators can force approval of Merrick Garland on Jan. 3: Crazy!Trump supporters recite Nazi propaganda & give fascist salute: Dapper!  David Waldman (@KagroX) November 22, 2016@CatrionaMDW On 1/3, before new Sens. are sworn, 67 seated Sens. & Biden are in the chamber. Biden turns to Durbin instead of McConnell. Go.  David Waldman (@KagroX) November 22, 2016@CatrionaMDW Schumer's not involved. He's among the Sens. who wouldn't be sworn at the time. And no, pro forma sessions predate them all.  David Waldman (@KagroX) November 22, 2016Now, will Democrats actually do this? Hopefully so. It might take all of us calling important Senators like Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders to make it happen, but this is our only shot to save the Court. Garland s confirmation would stack it 5-4 in our favor here. The GOP has declared war on us, and it s time for the gloves to come off. We MUST put pressure on Democrats to make this happen. It s our only hope for a generation.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3543, Trump’s Potential Pick For Labor Secretary PROVES He Hates Workers,"Throughout the campaign, many have tried defending Trump by saying that he was once a Democrat, so he must secretly be a liberal, or something. Well, Trump s pick for his cabinet are among the most conservative possible, and his pick for Labor Secretary is not only  ber socially conservative, he would probably opt for slave labor if it was an option.Andy Puzder is the CEO of Carl s Jr. and Hardee s   you know, that company that has  family values  ads like this one:We don t know if it s a shared love for scantily clad women in semi-pornographic settings that drew Donald Trump to Puzder, but Trump is considering him as Labor Secretary and that s very bad news for labor.In May, Pudzer penned a petulant op-ed in which he said he would replace all his employees with robots if Congress raised the minimum wage. That s right, the so-called populist President Elect wants someone in charge of labor who believes that if you can t dramatically underpay employees, then why have employees at all. Pudzer s salary is upwards of $5 million a year. His employees make somewhere around double the poverty level, assuming they are not parents and are working full time.Oh, it gets worse, a lot worse. Puzder, like many of Trump s picks, is painfully (to the nation) socially conservative. Puzder, in his previous life, was a trial lawyer and as a trial lawyer, he wrote one of the most restrictive anti-abortion laws of that time.Puzder isn t completely in lock-step with the isolationist Trump, though. He does support free trade. Puzder s views run contrary to the key part of Trump s platform. Pudzer is for immigration reform, but it sort of seems to depend on who s in office. Pudzer loves the cheap labor that immigrants can provide, but not if President Obama is behind it.Immigration reform requires legislative action, not an executive mandate. On that point, last week, numerous business executives, political leaders and I sent a letter to the Republican members of Congress imploring them to reform our broken immigration system. The letter encourages Congress to pass legislation that  discourages the rising tide of illegal immigration while fixing the unnecessary obstacles that send talented individuals elsewhere and make it harder for American companies to compete, grow and create jobs for American workers. Source: Real Clear PoliticsRegardless, Trump is sending a definite message to the nation, which is that his voters and the working people of America don t matter at all. Trump isn t going to save jobs, but he could help lower wages and Puzder is the perfect person to help do that.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3544, ‘Has She Had A Brain Aneurysm?’: Glenn Beck Concerned Over Sarah Palin’s Erratic Behavior (VIDEO),"It finally dawned on Glenn Beck that his buddy Sarah Palin isn t quite right in the head. Last night on his television show, Beck expressed concern for Sarah Palin s erratic behavior lately and wondered if she suffered a brain aneurysm, according to Right Wing Watch. The half-term Governor of Alaska had thrown her full support behind Donald Trump s bid for the White House, then after his win she attacked him for the Carrier deal, calling it Crony Capitalism. For once in her life, she got something right but she should have known that Trump would pull such a move. Beck called Palin s enthusiastic endorsement of Trump  crazy. Sincerely, has she had a brain aneurysm?  Beck said Monday night on his program.  Because I don t know what has happened to her. Because before Palin attacked the Carrier deal, Trump was considering her for a cabinet position. She s totally unqualified for the position of Secretary of Veterans Affairs, but Trump is also unqualified to be leader of the free world so it kind of makes sense he chose her. But, Beck thought she would have done a fine job in that capacity.Beck said Palin attacking Trump over the Carrier deal is absurd, because  you own it, Sarah. You brought it to the table. He said he would do that! Beck and his staff members decided that maybe Palin is lashing out at Trump because she is just  butt-hurt  over the fact that she may not get the V.A. secretary position after all.Watch:The political arena in this country is so insane that Glenn Beck is making sense. Glenn. Fucking. Beck. Let that sink in for a moment.Sarah Palin does own this. Instead of draining the swamp, Trump is filling it with terrifying creatures. Everything Trump accused Hillary Clinton of, he is doing. Trump hasn t even been sworn in yet and he s plagued with scandals. But, Hillary s emails were made into a scandal so he s going to be the next president.Photo: J.D. Lasica via Flickr.",0
3545, Boeing Reponds To Trump’s Air Force One Tweet: You’re A F**king Idiot,"Update: Slate has pointed out that the Pentagon has  budgeted $4 billion in total spending through 2021 for two new Air Force ones from the company.  If one plane is four and earmarked R&D is the black-and-white cost of the project, he s right. It isn t, and he isn t. The Pentagon s earmarked funds are not the projected budget by Boeing. Donald Trump made news this morning for a Tweet stating:  Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order! Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 6, 2016I don t know where he got that idea. Like many of Trump s ideas, it was likely pulled from the ether, or maybe from the ass of a white nationalist on Twitter. Boeing was quick to set him straight, however   considering the project is more than an order of magnitude less than Trump thinks it is. Here s Boeing s statement on the matter:We are currently under contract for $170 million to help determine the capabilities of these complex military aircraft that serve the unique requirements of the President of the United States. We look forward to working with the U.S. Air Force on subsequent phases of the program allowing us to deliver the best planes for the President at the best value for the American taxpayer.According to Rueters, in January, when the contract was awarded,  Details about the total value of the new contract have not been released, but the Air Force has previously said that it had earmarked $1.65 billion for two replacement jets. Costs   and the number of jets   can change, but it s still not clear at all what Trump is talking about. Even various right wing publications which have blown up the cost over the last year have not reported a figure over three billion, and even that was not sourced to any budget sheet.And, no matter the cost, it s very clear that Donald Trump has no idea what is being paid for. There will be multiple planes, first of all   two or three   and even if the project DID run that far over budget (there is no evidence of that), it s not just the president s version of a private jet:What drives the price tag isn t the cost of the plane, it s all the costly modifications and equipment that must be installed on such a unique aircraft,  said Loren B. Thompson, a senior aviation analyst and industry consultant with the Virginia-based Lexington Institute.Air Force One is filled with communications gear and defensive equipment to evade airborne threats, such as anti-aircraft missiles. It s really not just about getting the president from point A to point B,  Buckley said.  It s adding communication equipment. It s adding defensive gear. It s adding everything that the president needs in order to execute his mission in that airplane. He has to be able to do everything in all his roles: commander in chief, chief executive, head of state, president of the United States. Boeing s 747 is the only U.S.-built jet that can support all the functions required of an airborne White House,  Thompson said.  The plane must be linked to all U.S. military forces worldwide and able to function even in the midst of a nuclear war.  (Source)Yet again, Donald Trump has shown us that he doesn t have even a thin veneer of competence or desire to find the facts. We re doomed.Read more:Featured image via Ty Wright/Getty Images",0
3546," Trump Cancels Air Force One, The Reason Why Is INSANE (TWEET/VIDEO)","This morning, President-elect made yet another disastrous announcement over Twitter, when he send out a tweet that called for the cancellation of the Air Force One contract. The contract, which was for an update on the presidential plane, was apparently too much money and Trump wants to do away with the deal. And as expected, Trump s reasoning behind this was riddled with misinformation.Trump tweeted that he was going to cancel the contract with Boeing because of the hefty $4 billion price tag. However, $4 billion is practically a mysterious, made-up number from Trump   no one knows where he got that number. According to reports, the Air Force would only cost $1.6 billion for the project, which included SEVERAL planes. Trump is blindly throwing out a number more than twice that amount, for only one plane. Trump tweeted: Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order! TwitterOf course, Trump tweeting falsehoods is hardly a surprise at this point   but he made it worse by addressing the press shortly after his tweet. During his brief moment with the press, one reporter asked Trump: Sir, you tweeted about canceling the contract about the new Air Force One? Trump gloated and made this ridiculous announcement even worse by saying this: Well, the plane is totally out of control. It s going to be over $4 billion. It s for Air Force One program, and I think it s ridiculous. Then, Trump attacked Boeing and accused the company of scamming America (obviously, the irony of this is lost on him). He said: I think Boeing is doing a little bit of a number. We want Boeing to make a lot of money, but not that much money. You can watch the interview below: The insanity of this whole thing is that Trump is supposedly cancelling this deal over its large (made up) price tag, but he s thinking nothing of costing tax payers $1 million per day to pay for the security costs while he stays in the Trump Tower instead of the White House.Featured image via Maddie McGarvey / Getty Images",0
3547, Obama Makes UNPRECEDENTED Move To Protect The World From Trump (DETAILS),"President Barack Obama knows that President-elect Donald Trump doesn t know what the hell he s doing, and is putting more time in on Twitter than actually trying to figure it out and learn the ropes.Obama has not only agreed to hold Trump s little orange hands and remain close to guide him through this transition period, but he s also just made an unprecedented move to save the world from Trump and his deadly administration. On Monday, our beloved Commander-in-chief released a memo that is basically a  guidebook  on how to use military force   for dummies.The document lays out specific details on national security-related topics, such as how and when to use military force. This is a major move by Obama   and the first time a President has EVER had to do this   to prevent a completely unqualified person from destroying everything. The Washington Post reported: On the eve of a new administration that has promised more aggressive counterterrorism operations, the Obama White House has released a lengthy compendium of its own policies governing the use of force.The 61-page document outlines eight years of the administration s legal opinions, executive orders and military directives. In a strong defense of the administration s actions, it lists rules for lethal drones and terrorist detention, and describes the international and domestic law that undergirds them. In the introduction of the guidebook, Obama said he d created it to reduce  the risk of an ill-considered decision    an obvious observation of Trump s lack of emotional stability and impulsive, erratic behavior. And then he wrote something that Trump will REALLY hate when he said it was critical to give  as much information as possible to the public so that an informed public can scrutinize our actions and hold us to account. Obama is truly amazing for this. It s clear that even though he won t be America s President in a few weeks, he still deeply cares about the future of our country and the world. Even on his way out, he s committed to serving the people and minimizing the damage our moronic President-elect might do. We re really going to miss him.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
3548, Seth MacFarlane Hits The Nail On The Head; Perfectly Explains Why Hollywood HATES Trump (TWEET),"With Donald Trump winning the election, albeit only via Electoral College because Hillary Clinton kicked his ass in the popular vote by over 2.6 million votes, many have been voicing their opinions as to why they don t like the president-elect.Clearly having enough of the  Hollywood hates Trump  trope being pushed around by the media, Seth MacFarlane lays out why in the most honest way imaginable. He posts to Twitter this perfect explanation: Wanna know why Hollywood folks hate Trump? We live and work amongst his kind every day out here. His tactics are those employed by the shiftiest of agents, lawyers, and publicists. We ve learned to recognize the blustery showmanship of a lying con man because we encounter it every day in our business. We ve learned to smell it, because it s bitten so many of us in the ass. Most of us love America a hell of a lot, and we don t want America to be conned the way many of us have ourselves. Trump is not of the People. Trump is of Hollywood. And that s the problem. pic.twitter.com/Fr5UElofyx  Seth MacFarlane (@SethMacFarlane) December 2, 2016Anyone who has worked anywhere near to Hollywood knows that you are sold a bunch of lies nearly every day of the week. You are given promises and told whatever you need to hear so that people can get what they need from you, and then they ll up and leave you without even the courtesy of an email or call.Of course, this isn t true of everyone, but in general, this is the case pretty much most of the time, and Seth MacFarlane clearly knows this.Most of Hollywood can likely smell the bullsh*t of Trump 1,000 miles away. He s lying to get what he wants and doesn t care who he hurts as long as he gets his. Trump is the epitome of Hollywood, and Seth MacFarlane is exactly right.Trump voters were duped by a conman, and they ll soon find out the error of their ballot.Featured Photo by Christopher Polk/Getty Images",0
3549, Trump Fans Viciously Cyberbully 7-Year-Old Syrian Girl Because That’s The Kind Of People They Are,"When Hillary Clinton called about half of Donald Trump s supporters a  basket of deplorables,  she was a bit off-base   not because she insulted them by calling them what they are, but because half is far too generous.Recently, a seven-year-old girl in Aleppo   that s the place Gary Johnson doesn t know about   has been getting quite a bit of attention with her tweets about the horrors of her existence. Bana, like many others, is trapped in the Eastern part of the city with dwindling supplies and a constant fear of death   and her tweets about her daily reality are both horrifying and endearing.Tonight we have no house, it's bombed & I got in rubble. I saw deaths and I almost died.   Bana #Aleppo pic.twitter.com/arGYZaZqjg  Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) November 27, 2016Under heavy bombardments now. In between death and life now, please keep praying for us. #Aleppo  Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) November 28, 2016We have no home now. I got minor injury. I didn't sleep since yesterday, I am hungry. I want to live, I don't want to die.   Bana #Aleppo  Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) November 28, 2016This is our house, My beloved dolls died in the bombing of our house. I am very sad but happy to be alive.- Bana pic.twitter.com/9i0xxJrQtD  Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) November 29, 2016This is my reading place where I wanted to start reading Harry Potter but it's bombed. I will never forget.   Bana pic.twitter.com/6fXX2Me8ZB  Bana Alabed (@AlabedBana) November 29, 2016On Sunday, the little girl disappeared from social media, leaving an ominous message behind indicating that she is not safe. But fortunately, the BBC reports that she and her mother, who often tweets on her behalf, managed to escape to an undisclosed location. Bana s story has touched many, including J.K. Rowling, whose Harry Potter series Bana loves, and the world is in awe at the child s bravery   well, aside from ISIS and the American Right. They don t like her too much at all.While many have expressed sympathy for Bana s plight and have left messages of love and hope, the Basket has been relentlessly trolling the little girl because they really aren t joking when they call them selves  Deplorable Dave  and other appropriated insults. They wear the title give to them by the former Secretary of State as a badge of honor.@VivaSyrianAA @AlabedBana Her father won't let her have a good life. Uses her as a Wahhabi terrorist propaganda ploy. Sick  Jewish Russophile (@JewRussophile) December 2, 2016@AlabedBana death is always sad   but looks more like honor killing   muslims r always parading the dead bodies of strap bombs2kids  Laurinda Cole (@apostlelaurinda) November 26, 2016@TheHerbalRose @AlabedBana these r innocent kids that will b used as bombs, human shields & sold in2sexual slavery by parents&islam  Laurinda Cole (@apostlelaurinda) November 28, 2016@BobHenriqurs @AlabedBana Bana you really need to talk to your terrorist mates and get them to stopkilling children  steve wright (@stewrigh) November 26, 2016@AlabedBana STOP USING THIS CHILD FOR BULLSHIT PROPAGANDA  A D (@dm7474) December 5, 2016@AlabedBana what an attention seekerStop pretending you are dying every couple of daysEveryone knows this is a fake psyop account  Chelsea Lopez (@justfake) December 5, 2016@AlabedBana how about you crawl back into the bombed out building you came out to tweet BS.  Blazing Fury (@FuryBlazing) December 5, 2016@AlabedBana your a fake, no child would have climbed this rubble to get a picture like this..your a rebel or isis  Life is illusions (@Bman4101973) November 29, 2016.@AdamNeira @HKX07 Whatever al Qaeda pic.twitter.com/FVXIfSw5C1  Porkchan (@MostPerfectLord) November 30, 2016@AlabedBana What propaganda ! Nice plug for jk rowling who retweets you. How you have internet connection ? New phone ? Clean clothes etc?  DeplorableDave (@ThePhantomPain1) November 29, 2016@AlabedBana Lolololo! I now come here daily for a good laugh. Thinking about having my dog open an acct & 'he'll' Tweet from Mars.  Calamity Jane (@AmandaKavanagh5) November 29, 2016@AlabedBana you are another gay girl in Damascus . A hoax just like this is.  DeplorableDave (@ThePhantomPain1) November 29, 2016@AlabedBana where are you taking these pictures from Bana? You're like 3 floors up.  Trump Supporter (@Trump201611) November 29, 2016@AlabedBana cut the B.S. this is sheer propoganda.  Vanna (@vannanancy) November 29, 2016@AlabedBana I hope you were able to shave your beard  John Smith (@999100cn) November 29, 2016This little girl is suffering, and her plight has been well-documented, but Trump fans don t care. All they know is that she s a Muslim, which means she s not human enough for anything approaching whatever level of compassion of which they are capable.Watch an interview with Bana below:Featured image via Twitter",0
3550, Joe Biden Makes BIG News About 2020 Election,"The results of the disappointing 2016 presidential election aren t even official yet, but Vice President Joe Biden is already making noise about 2020. Known for bucking the rules and speaking from his gut, the outgoing vice-president hinted that he might be up for another fight four years from now.CNN asked him jokingly if he planned to run for office again. Yeah, I am. I m going to run in 2020,  Biden responded.When asked for what position, Biden responded,  For president. What the hell, man. When CNN told Biden it was planning to publish his quotes, the vice president responded,  That s okay. No, I ve enjoyed every minutes of my time here in the Senate. It s a great feeling to come back. I love this place. Biden later clarified,  I m not committing not to run. I m not committing to anything. I learned a long time ago fate has a strange way of intervening. Biden is leaving office one of the most popular political figures in America, and that popularity is even higher among Democrats. Biden is seen by many as a Democrat who excels at speaking to working class families across the racial spectrum, but still has a history of legislative experience as success as a Senator from Delaware and then as a two-term Vice President.Biden would likely be able to tap into existing Democratic donors if he ran, as he has near 100% name recognition domestically and internationally. Besides First Lady Michelle Obama, he would probably be the public figure to benefit most from an association with President Obama.Biden considered running in the 2016 election, but decided against it after the tragic death of his son Beau Biden. Since then, President Obama has put Biden in charge of the  moon shot  effort to find a cure for cancer, while Biden endorsed and heavily campaigned for Secretary Hillary Clinton in the 2016 election.Featured image via Flickr",0
3551, Taxpayers To Get HUGE Bill For Protecting Trump Because New York City Can’t Afford It,"Manhattan is seeing significant problems due to Trump s insistence on staying in Trump Tower during his transition. He needs protection. His family needs protection. The tower needs protection. New York City is willing to give extensive help to the Secret Service to do it, but they can t afford it. And Mayor Bill DeBlasio is now asking the federal government for help.That help could be to the tune of $35 million, in addition to the ongoing costs of protecting Melania and Barron through the end of the school year, and the costs of Trump s need to go back to his tacky gilded penthouse as many weekends as he can. Thus far, the costs of protecting him in that tower are around $1 million per day.Now, sure, President Obama, Michelle and their daughters needed protection when they were in Chicago, Hawaii, etc. However, they didn t go back to Chicago or Hawaii nearly every weekend, and Obama took significantly fewer vacation days than George W. Bush.Trump is one of the people who got on Obama s case for the taxpayer cost of travels. He claimed that one of Obama s trips to New York City cost between $25 million and $50 million. Politifact rated that statement  Pants on Fire,  because the actual cost was considerably lower, and Trump, true to form, had no basis for his outlandish claim.McClatchy went after Obama for the price tag of his vacations, which was supposedly upwards of $70 million. Their number came from the right-wing group Judicial Watch. However, that report was published in Dec. 2015, and that cost was over the course of 7 years (it s important to note that the Obamas themselves paid for all their housing while they were away).In seven years, the Obamas cost us roughly twice what Trump is going to cost us over the next six weeks by insisting he remain in his poor man s idea of a rich man s apartment through his transition.Trump has pledged no long vacations. He doesn t count weekends in New York City or even at Mar a Lago, his Palm Beach resort, as vacations obviously, but those will add up pretty quickly in terms of taxpayer costs. A $35 million price tag just between now and January 20? Ridiculous.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
3552, It’s Not Over Yet: Jill Stein Files Federal Lawsuit Over Pennsylvania Recount,"Green Party presidential nominee Jill Stein has filed a lawsuit in federal court over the recount efforts in Pennsylvania. According to the complaint filed by Stein, Pennsylvania elections are a national disgrace. Voters are forced to use vulnerable, hackable, antiquated technology banned in other states, then rely on the kindness of machines,  the complaint reads.  There is no paper trail. Voting machines are electoral black sites: no one permits voters or candidates to examine them. Stein filed her lawsuit on Monday in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. The suit questions if votes in the Keystone State were counted accurately and alleged that electronic voting machines in the state had  serious cyber security problems. In the 2016 presidential election, rife with foreign interference documented by American intelligence agencies and hacks of voter rolls in multiple states, voters deserve the truth, reads the lawsuit.Stein was forced to drop her original bid for a recount in Pennsylvania on Saturday when a judge attached a $1 million price tag after Donald Trump requested a $10 million bond. Petitioners are regular citizens of ordinary means. They cannot afford to post the $1,000,000 bond required by the court,  Stein s attorney wrote in a court filing.On Sunday, Stein tweeted that she was not done yet, though.On Monday, I will escalate #Recount2016 in PA and file to demand a statewide recount on constitutional grounds. The people deserve answers.  Dr. Jill Stein (@DrJillStein) December 4, 2016Recounts in Wisconsin are already underway and early Monday morning, U.S. District Judge Mark Goldsmith ordered recounts in Michigan to begin at noon.Trump won all three of these battleground states by narrow margins. Despite the fact that the recounts are unlikely to change the outcome of the election, Trump has fought against them vehemently, making many people wonder what the hell he is so afraid of. Trump unleashed multiple Twitter rants railing against Stein s push for recounts, and in one of these, he managed to unwittingly make the case for the recount efforts by claiming voter fraud. Sad.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3553," Unlike The President-Elect, Trump’s Own Lawyers Admit There’s No Evidence Of Voter Fraud (IMAGES)","Not-My-President-Elect Donald Trump s claim that millions of voters had cast illegal ballots on election day has become a contentious issue because there is zero evidence to back up such an assertion. Trump s Twitter timeline is the epitome of  fake news.  In ncourt filings submitted by Trump s own attorneys in Pennsylvania and Michigan objecting to recount efforts by Green Party candidate Jill Stein, it states that there is  no evidence that any voter fraud had occurred,  according to the Washington Post.The filing in Michigan states: On what basis does Stein seek to disenfranchise Michigan citizens? None really, save for speculation,  the filing reads.  All available evidence suggests that the 2016 general election was not tainted by fraud or mistake. The lawyers state,  Stein aims to sow doubts regarding the legitimacy of the presidential election.  That s pretty ironic considering that that is precisely what Trump tried to do for years during President Obama s two terms.In the Pennsylvania filing, the lawyers state,  On what basis does Stein seek to disenfranchise the voters of the Keystone state? None really. There is no evidence   or even any allegation   that any tampering with Pennsylvania s voting systems actually occurred. Trump s Republican colleagues have tried to reinforce the notion of mass voter fraud. Reince Priebus said that it was  possible.  House Speaker Paul Ryan said he didn t know if millions of illegal votes were cast, because said that he is  not really focused on these things. Not-My-Vice-President-Elect Mike Pence said that he didn t know that the claim was false. Senior Adviser Kellyanne Conway has twisted herself into a pretzel trying to justify Trump s baseless claim. Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.) got into a heated exchange with CNN anchor Chris Cuomo on Monday over the number of illegal votes cast in the presidential election. All of this happened because Donald Trump can t maintain his Twitter account like an adult.Featured image via Tom Pennington/Getty ImagesImages of court filings via Washington Post",0
3554, Ladies Of ‘The View’ Hilariously ROAST Trump For Throwing Twitter Hissy Fit Over SNL (VIDEO),"With Donald Trump throwing yet another hissy fit on Twitter for how Saturday Night Live depicts him,  it has left many going after him for being such a whining baby about it all, and the ladies of The View are no different.The general consensus about Trump s Twitter tantrums is that instead of focusing on how a comedy show satirizes him, he should focus on the nation he was just elected to lead, albeit only through the Electoral college because he lost to Hillary Clinton by 2.6 million votes.Many on the panel noticed that Trump seems very insecure, probably because he won the election so narrowly and didn t get the popular vote, and now he s overcompensating with aggression on Twitter.Here s the thing, political satire is necessary, especially to keep people in power in check and make them see how ridiculous they can be sometimes. If Trump doesn t like a mirror being held up to how he behaves, maybe he should look at himself and not the people pointing it out.These opinions from The View panel are likely how most of America feels right now, so well done.Watch the ladies go after Trump here:.@JedediahBila on Trump s Twitter rant against SNL:  Could you just laugh a little bit?  pic.twitter.com/pBol4y81Rl  The View (@TheView) December 5, 2016Featured video via video screen capture",0
3555, WATCH: Steve Harvey HILARIOUSLY Mocks Trump For Whining About SNL,"Steve Harvey appeared on  The View  and ripped Donald Trump a new one for whining about Saturday Night Live instead of focusing on the presidency.On Monday, the ladies talked about Trump s inability to ignore satire. As we all know, Alec Baldwin returned to portray Trump in a skit in which Trump repeatedly ignores national security briefings so he can post shit on Twitter.Baldwin s impersonation apparently outraged Trump, so he took to Twitter to whine about it.Just tried watching Saturday Night Live   unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can t get any worse. Sad  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016Trump was roundly criticized for the tweet because he perfectly demonstrated that he is too thin-skinned and easily provoked to be president and he instantly proved Saturday Night Live s point that he focuses too much on Twitter instead of the important issues facing our country.So when Steve Harvey, who is also a very busy man who hosts a lot of shows, appeared on  The View,  he was immediately asked to comment on Trump s hissy fit.Harvey pointed out that Saturday Night Live has mocked him many times but he doesn t have time to obsess with that stuff. Look, do you know how many times Saturday Night Live has done me?  Harvey asked.  That little fat Kenan talked about me. He done me like I ain t got nothin  else to do. I want to punch him in the face, yeah, but I mean, I don t have time for that. I m not even the president and I ain t got time for that. Here s the video via YouTube.Unlike Steve Harvey, Donald Trump is supposed to be preparing for the most important job in the world. America is not a reality television show where Trump can just walk on set, say a few lines, and then leave until the next day. The government of the United States cannot be run like a business. There s a lot that the president has to do and deal with, all requiring different approaches. There s a reason why presidents go gray while in office. It is a stressful job and a consequential one demanding one s full attention. Trump is not giving the presidency his full attention and that is dangerous. Rather than playing on Twitter and whining every time someone says something about him, Trump should be studying up and that means actually attending the daily intelligence briefings. Because ignoring those is how terrorist attacks like 9/11 get overlooked.Featured image via screenshot ",0
3556, Trump Gets WRECKED On Twitter For Promising To Tweet Less If Press Kisses His A**,"The Whiner-in-Chief humiliated himself again.Trump hates the free press, which is why he is threatening to destroy the First Amendment as soon as he gets in office. He has accused the media of creating false stories about him even though all the stories he has been whining about are factually correct. Trump just hates reports that tell the ugly truth about him.In the weeks since winning the election, Trump has told lie after lie on Twitter, the biggest of which was that 3 million people voted illegally, a claim that has been thoroughly debunked.On Monday, Trump literally offered the media a deal. He says he will stop tweeting so much as long as the media kisses his ass. In other words, only print stories that make him look good, which is the way dictators use the press.If the press would cover me accurately & honorably, I would have far less reason to  tweet.  Sadly, I don t know if that will ever happen!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 5, 2016This is nothing more than a scam by Trump to get the media not to cover up his screw-ups and terrible behavior. And Twitter users were quick to wreck him for it.@realDonaldTrump If you were doing your job and not wasting time tweeting nonsense, they d have something positive to cover, Donny.  Josh S nchez (@jnsanchez) December 5, 2016.@realDonaldTrump If by  honorably  you mean  high moral standards,  I think that s exactly what the press does, and why you don t like it.  Simon Hedlin (@simonhedlin) December 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump The press is covering you just as you are: a pathetic, spoiled baby who has zero respect among anyone of brains & decency.  Tony Case (@tonythecase) December 5, 2016.@realDonaldTrump just shut up and run the country. you bitch like a private school kid w too much money & no friends.man up mr president  Emperor Persad ?? (@mrmichaelpersad) December 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump Don t blame  the press  for your incompetence.It s not that you tweet; it s that you tweet demonstrably false propaganda.  David G. McAfee (@DavidGMcAfee) December 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump You whine more than my two year old cousin. You re humiliating our country.  Molly Knight (@molly_knight) December 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump you are pathetic and small. You are going to put the country in danger over your ego  Rob Stevenson (@ArtDamagedOne) December 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump from what I see, the press covers you by your own words and actions. Maybe you should look at the man in the mirror.  Rahul Sood (@rahulsood) December 5, 2016@realDonaldTrump Maybe pay less attention to satire and more attention to The Office of President of The United States.  ?Preet Banerjee (@preetbanerjee) December 5, 2016.@realDonaldTrump GET OVER IT AND GROW UP. You are very insecure. This isn t a TV show. #smh  David Sugarman (@SugarmanSpeaks) December 5, 2016Indeed, it s time for Donald Trump to grow a pair and start taking the presidency seriously. We have freedom of the press in this country and he is going to be criticized. If President Obama had tried to shut down the free press, conservatives would have thrown a hissy fit.Featured Image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
3557, An ANGRY Morning Joe SKEWERS Trump Minion General Michael Flynn For Sharing Fake News,"In the wake of a gunman terrorizing a pizza place in response to a fake story about Hillary Clinton, Joe Scarborough strongly condemned General Michael Flynn for helping these conspiracies grow.Right-wing conspiracy nut Alex Jones first pushed the claim that Hillary Clinton ran a child sex ring out of the Comet pizza place in Washington DC. It s a totally false story with zero evidence to support it. But conservatives spread it anyway.And Michael Flynn, who is about to become Donald Trump s national security adviser spread the false story.U decide   NYPD Blows Whistle on New Hillary Emails: Money Laundering, Sex Crimes w Children, etc MUST READ! https://t.co/O0bVJT3QDr  General Flynn (@GenFlynn) November 3, 2016Flynn s own son also pushed the lie and still refuses to admit that the story is false.Until #Pizzagate proven to be false, it ll remain a story. The left seems to forget #PodestaEmails and the many  coincidences  tied to it. https://t.co/8HA9y30Yfp  Michael G Flynn?? (@mflynnJR) December 5, 2016On Monday, a visibly angry Joe Scarborough demanded that Flynn apologize for all the harmful fake news and tweets he has shared or posted to attack Muslims, Jews, Hispanics and Trump s political opponents. He has left a trail of crap behind him with retweets, retweeting something about Jews, retweeting something about Muslims, retweeting fake news. He needs to clean this up. He needs to step up and clean this up. He needs to apologize to Americans. He is in one of the most important positions in the White House. On Jan. 20, he needs to apologize for what he has done, unrelated to this fake news story but with the other fake news stories, the retweets about Jews, the retweets about Muslims. Mark Halperin agreed with Scarborough and said Flynn  needs to explain all of this in a way that s detailed, because again, he s not subject to Senate confirmation. Here s the video via Twitter..@JoeNBC on Gen. Flynn s controversial tweets: He needs to clean this up  He needs to apologize to Americans https://t.co/bkNY13ocnx  Morning Joe (@Morning_Joe) December 5, 2016Once again, false stories pushed by conservatives drove a right-winger to grab his gun and start shooting up a place. This is the danger Trump and right-wing media pose to this country. They will make up any lie to attack political opponents and then push followers who are already on the edge to commit acts of violence. This is right-wing terrorism and it s going to happen more over the next four years.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3558, Donald Trump Nominates The Only Black Guy He Knows To Oversee Inner City Housing,"Ben Carson Dr. Ben Carson Dr. Ben Carson the brain surgeon has been tapped as one of Donald Trump s cabinet members. Now, despite Carson s expertise being in medicine, Donald Trump has chosen Carson to head the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), which is the agency that gives low-income families access to housing.Despite living in the inner city of New York for all of his life, Donald Trump has a long habit of conflating black people with the inner city. Republicans in general have that habit.During the second presidential debate, Donald Trump was asked whether he could be a president to  all the people in the United States.  He had a very specific answer:  I would be a president for all of the people, African Americans, the inner cities,  he replied. Later in the debate, he spoke again of how he was going to help  the African Americans,  who lived in  inner cities,  suffering from high poverty rates, bad educational systems, and no jobs.Source: The AtlanticWell, it s simply not true. Most African-Americans do not live in the inner city and most live above the poverty line, but that doesn t stop Trump and Republicans from their two dimensional view of African-Americans, which is likely the exact reason Trump chose Carson as his inner city spokesperson. Carson is African-American, and the fact that he has literally no experience at doing anything remotely relevant to that job is completely beside the point. You see, black people, according to Trump, are black before they are anything else   even black brain surgeons. Am I reading too much into the nomination? Well, here are Trump s words: I am thrilled to nominate Dr. Ben Carson as our next Secretary of the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development. Ben Carson has a brilliant mind and is passionate about strengthening communities and families within those communities,  Trump is quoted as saying in a statement released by his transition team Monday.Source: Washington PostTo be fair, Carson did grow up in public housing. Although, he turned his back on the inner cities and despite the fact that he wouldn t be where he is without government assistance, he, like so many Republicans, wants to deprive others of government assistance.And then there s the fact that he has no experience in the government, and even he acknowledged that he was too inexperienced for a position he might have actually been qualified for. His name had been fielded for being in charge of the Department of Health and Human Services. Carson is reported to have turned it down, citing his lack of government qualifications.So why is he suddenly qualified for HUD? Well, it s likely because the Trump administration has no plans whatsoever to help those in need find housing. Carson will be a figure head, but his skin is dark, so who better to tell poor people that they ll be screwed for the next four years?Featured image via Ty Wright/Getty Images.",0
3559, Paul Ryan Just Gave The Most CRINGEWORTHY Response To Trump’s Illegal Voters Lie (VIDEO),"President-elect Donald Trump has been a sore subject for Speaker of the House Rep. Paul Ryan (R-WI). Not only did Ryan speak out against Trump multiple times during his presidential campaign (but stopped short of pulling his endorsement), but Ryan is getting exceedingly worse at defending the President-elect as time goes on.Last night, Ryan gave an extremely awkward, cringeworthy interview on CBS  60 Minutes. Every time Scott Pelley tried to grill Ryan on Trump, the Speaker of the House pretty much crumbled under the pressure.The most hilarious part of the interview was when Pelley asked Ryan about Trump s recent claim that  millions of people  voted illegally, therefore costing him the popular vote. Pelley asked: Trump tweeted in the last week or so that he had actually won the popular vote if you deduct the millions that voted illegally. Do you believe that? You can practically see Ryan s skin crawling. Ryan was noticeably uncomfortable with the question, and went into survival mode by playing dumb. REAL dumb. Blinking uncomfortably, Ryan said, I don t know, I m not really focused on these things. Pelley cornered Ryan and pressed him, Wait a minute, wait a minute. You have an opinion on whether millions of Americans voted illegally.  And Ryan got even dumber, right before our eyes. He said: I have no way of backing that up. I have no knowledge of such things. Ryan eventually gave up and without ever really answering the question, he said: It doesn t matter to me. He won the election. You can watch the humiliating interview below:It s no secret that Ryan and Trump have had a rocky relationship. Unfortunately, these super-awkward interviews are about to become more frequent, as Trump and Ryan try to get along and make some sort of peace before Trump begins his term.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
3560," Trump Lied About ‘Spontaneous’ Call With Taiwan, They Had Been Planning To Talk For Months","According to The Washington Post, sources close to the Taiwanese government and the Trump transition team confirm that the so-called  spontaneous  congratulatory phone call from Taiwan s president was anything but that. In fact, Trump had been planning it for months.The Post reports:Donald Trump s protocol-breaking telephone call with Taiwan s leader was an intentionally provocative move that establishes the incoming president as a break with the past, according to interviews with people involved in the planning.The historic communication   the first between leaders of the United States and Taiwan since 1979   was the product of months of quiet preparations and deliberations among Trump s advisers about a new strategy for engagement with Taiwan that began even before he became the Republican presidential nominee, according to people involved in or briefed on the talks.Of course, members of Trump s team, including Mike Pence are still insisting that this was nothing more than a congratulatory call. In an interview on ABC s This Week Pence said: He took the call, accepted her congratulations and good wishes and it was precisely that. Watch:Though many critics have dismissed Trump s break in protocol with Taiwan as nothing more than an idiotic mistake made by an unfit president-elect, this new information may indicate that it was indeed an intentional move to show China that Trump isn t going to hold to promises of the past and is somehow attempting to show China who s  boss.  This need for Trump to be in control could prove to be extremely dangerous and detrimental if China (also not known to enjoy losing) decides to cut off trade with the United States.Obviously, we can t say for certain that there will be any repercussions of that kind, but this is uncharted territory. The truth is, we just don t know what will happen, but if Trump continues this behavior pattern, it s not just relations with China that we ll need to worry about. Pretty soon the whole world is going to be pissed at us   if they aren t already.Featured Image via Getty/Ashley Pon and Ty Wright",0
3561, Breitbart’s War On Kellog Backfires SPECTACULARLY As More Advertisers Flee The Hate,"When Kellogg pulled its advertising from the white nationalist website known as Breitbart, they and their followers decided Kellogg was evil for this and called for a boycott. Breitbart s editor-in-chief, Alexander Marlow, even said: [T]o blacklist Breitbart News in order to placate left-wing totalitarians is a disgraceful act of cowardice. Or it s standing up for the rights and dignity of the people Breitbart regularly targets, but hey, they aren t exactly known for their ability to see reality. It seems, though, that their war against Kellogg is now backfiring. Vanguard, 3M and AARP are leaving now, too.And others pulling their ads from Breitbart include Nest Labs, Earthlink, ModCloth and Allstate. Many companies  ads are placed automatically on websites through third parties, but those that are leaving have taken steps to blacklist Breitbart.In short, Breitbart fucked up. They made two major mistakes: The first was when they decided to become the mouthpiece of white supremacy and nationalism, and the second was when they decided to attack one of their biggest advertisers.Advertisers do not like being associated with hate. It harms their brands.Advertisers also do not like seeing one of their partners attack other advertisers. It makes them wonder when it ll be their turn in the crosshairs.However, Breitbart seems to be too consumed with their hate of everything to the left of extreme white nationalism to understand this. They see Kellogg s decision as  anti-American,  which is absolutely absurd since American businesses have always shifted their interests around for the purpose of protecting their brands.But because the members of the so-called  alt-right  (read: white nationalists) think they re the most put-upon and persecuted demographic that ever existed in the whole entire history of everything, of course Breitbart calls this  anti-American.  It s only nice and patriotic when they re doing this kind of thing.Lee Wilkins, professor of communications at Wayne State University, probably summed up Breitbart s war on Kellog the best by saying that Breitbart was  behaving stupidly. There s a difference between being a conservative site and a white nationalist site. Breitbart would do well to figure this out.Featured image by Mike Mozart, CC BY 2.0 via Flickr",0
3562, WATCH: Reince Priebus Gives The Stupidest Reason EVER For Why It’s Totally Fine For Trump To Lie,"Reince Priebus, the soon-to-be ex-chairman of the RNC and Trump s new chief of staff, went on television to justify one of Trump s biggest lies since getting elected. Last week, Trump alleged that millions had voted illegally in the presidential election after he heard that Jill Stein was seeking recounts in three states. That s a serious claim to make and he made it without basis whatsoever. Priebus, though, apparently doesn t care that s a lie, and went on national television to hold it up as some kind of bizarre example.CBS   Face the Nation  host, John Dickerson, asked Priebus about that claim and even pointed out that there s no evidence that millions voted illegally. Priebus played all innocent in his support of Trump at first: Well I don t know if that s not true, John. I mean, there was an article in the Wall Street Journal the other day and it had a certain percentage of people voting that shouldn t be voting. There are estimates all over the map on that, and here s the problem   no one really knows. But Dickerson wasn t done. He also asked this:  When you re president, can you just offer a theory that has no evidence behind it, or does he have to tighten up his standards of proof? He should have to tighten up his standards of proof, but Priebus may well be afraid he ll lose his new job as one of Trump s lap dogs if he criticizes him at all. So here s Priebus vigorously defending Trump s lies: I think he s done a great job. I think the president-elect is someone who has pushed the envelope and caused people to think in this country. He s not taking conventional thought   on every single issue and has caused people to look at things that maybe they have taken for granted. So basically, it s okay for Trump to lie or say things no president should say because it starts national conversations. It s okay for us to have a president who lies because it  makes people think  in ways they might not otherwise.Way to go, America. Watch Priebus  full segment below:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
3563, Trump Continues To Destroy Relations With China In INSANE Twitter Tirade,"The relationship between the United States and China is an extremely delicate one. They are the world s second-largest power, right behind ourselves. Therefore, it is important not to offend them or to antagonize their leadership. However, that is just what our soon to be Tweeter-in-Chief is spending his Sunday evening doing.After the insanity of taking a phone call from the Taiwanese President  something no American president or president-elect has done since 1979   Trump decided to take to Twitter to criticize China over their rebuking of the call in violation of the  One China  policy most developed world powers have adhered to for decades. Trump ranted:This is likely in response to the fact that China has decided to level a formal complaint regarding Trump s behavior with the United States government. Of course, unable to be challenged or criticized for any reason, Trump is lashing out via Twitter in his usual reckless and unfiltered way. Once again, Trump proves that his temperament doesn t even allow him to run a Twitter account responsibly, much less a nation, and yet here we are. God help us all.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3564, Man STORMS Pizza Joint With A Gun After Fake News Story Said Clinton Runs A Child Sex Ring,"Donald Trump s fans are idiots   and this time it could have gotten people killed. Since before the election, an incredibly stupid story has been circulating in right-wing circles regarding Hillary Clinton, John Podesta, and the two of them running a child sex ring out of a pizza joint in Washington, D.C. Ever since this story began circulating, the owners of Comet Ping Pong say they have received numerous death threats and a wealth of harassment.Ever since this story began circulating, the owners of Comet Ping Pong say they have received numerous death threats and a wealth of harassment. Though they have done all they can   including contacting the FBI and other law enforcement agencies and even Facebook   in an attempt to get the wildly untrue and horrible  Pizzagate  story taken down. On Sunday, restaurant employees  worst fear came true when one of Trump s rabid, violent, and dangerously stupid fans showed up with a gun.Police received a call about a man carrying a weapon just before 3 p.m.   and chaos erupted. Police sealed off the surrounding block with tape suspect was fortunately arrested without incident. Naturally, Trump supporters see this as a validation of their whacked-out beliefs on the matter:It is very clear that law enforcement is not going to act on #Pizzagate unless WE ALL make a huge public stink they cannot ignore.  Paul Revere (@PRPOnline) December 4, 2016The #pizzagate deniers are really coming out of the woodwork. Who knew that pedophiles had such strong support with America's left?  Paul Revere (@PRPOnline) December 4, 2016Of course the lefties don't want an investigation of #PizzaGate. They've been trying to normalize pedophilia for years now.  Wife With A Purpose (@apurposefulwife) December 4, 2016The entire reason for DNC and MSM creation of a #FakeNews narrative is to discredit the future scandal known as #PizzaGate Comet Ping Pong  TrumpTrain (@TrumpTrain09) December 4, 2016@CassandraRules most likely an attempt to discredit #PizzaGate. No different from the hate crime hoaxes.  Nikolajs ?? (@GreatNikolajs) December 4, 2016@CassandraRules Maybe PYSOP. To prove how ""Fake News"" hurts innocent small businesses  #Pizzagate#Pedofiles  GoldenSack (@goldensack) December 4, 2016@CassandraRules Likely a false flag that will be blamed on the right.  nothing (@ixyfang) December 4, 2016@CassandraRules @zeduslepedus what I dont understand is this.. Any accusations of pedophilia, harm to child or related matters must be  ..  Rakka (@EricBarton_Okc) December 4, 2016@CassandraRules @zeduslepedus Investigated Has ANYONE..CALLED TIPLINE or any authorities for investigation?? YALL research for proof Make  Rakka (@EricBarton_Okc) December 4, 2016@CassandraRules @zeduslepedus a few phone calls that will have to be looked at.  Rakka (@EricBarton_Okc) December 4, 2016@CassandraRules @zeduslepedus take your hest evidence and report to multible agencies, from multible people reporting..SEE WHAT HAPPENS  Rakka (@EricBarton_Okc) December 4, 2016@CassandraRules @zeduslepedus future kid rapes fall on those who know and Do nothing. LIKE @Corey_Feldman HE EITHET FULL OF CRAP OR HAS  Rakka (@EricBarton_Okc) December 4, 2016@CassandraRules @zeduslepedus Blood on his hands  Rakka (@EricBarton_Okc) December 4, 2016@CassandraRules its amazing how NO ONE is investigating this  bryce pity (@HeelDowlin__) December 4, 2016Fortunately, no one was hurt this time but conservatives have a bad habit of getting worked up over fake stories. Last month, a Macedonian teen who has been duping the Right with fake stories for quite some time explained that liberals tend to catch on to non-legit stories quickly, but conservatives just run with it. We ve tried to do similar things to liberals. It just has never worked, it never takes off,  he said.  You ll get debunked within the first two comments and then the whole thing just kind of fizzles out.  The teen makes between $10,000 and $30,000 monthly from right-wing stupidity. While some may blame those who act as purveyors of fake stories, the blame truly lies with people who are too stupid to exist in a functioning society.Watch a report on the gunman below:Featured image via Washington Post/Getty Images (John W. Adkisson)",0
3565, Dick Cheney To Reporter: Because Trump Uses Twitter ‘We Don’t Need You Guys Anymore’ (VIDEO),"Throughout his campaign, Donald Trump repeatedly attacked the press and went as far as to point to MSNBC/NBC reporter Katy Tur at a rally in which she later had to be escorted out by the Secret Service. Trump is playing a dangerous game by villainizing journalists. Trump supporters agree with everything he says and when he attacks reporters, they are happy to attack them, too. They are literally attacking the Constitution because Freedom of the Press is protected by the First Amendment. To dumb it down for Trump supporters, it s the amendment before the Second Amendment.Former Vice President Dick Cheney is apparently a fan of Donald Trump s. He suggested recently that the President-elect s social media usage means that American citizens no longer needed the news media.With Dick Cheney in his corner, that should be a wake up call to his supporters.At the Reagan National Defense Forum, CNN s Barbara Starr asked the former vice president if Trump s casual tone on Twitter was dangerous. I do think you need to be careful,  Cheney said.  But he ll learn as he goes along. I think he is putting some brains and good people with him. I am a big fan of [Vice President-elect] Mike Pence. I think one of the reasons people get so concerned about the tweets is it s sort of a way around the press,  Dick said.  It s modern era, modern technology. He s at the point where we don t need you guys anymore. I apologize,  Cheney added.Watch at around the 18 minute mark:Apology not accepted, Dick.Oh sure, just what we need. A president who has to  learn as he goes along.  Trump supporters wanted a man in the White House with zero political experience. It s like giving the keys to your Bentley to a guy who doesn t have a driver s license.The establishment sure is backing the supposed anti-establishment president-elect.Photo by Mark Wilson via Getty.",0
3566, Eric Trump Just Said Something Monumentally Stupid And Twitter Is ROASTING Him For It,"It s no secret that team Trump is all in a tizzy over Jill Stein s recount attempts in multiple states, but Eric Trump may have just entered a whole new level of idiocy with what he just said and posted on Twitter.He tweeted a link to a Forbes article entitled,  The Cost Of Stein/Clinton s Wisconsin Vote Recount Could Have Saved At Least 5,000 Children s Lives,  which says nothing about the legitimacy of the recount at all, and is simply a fun clickbait fallacy for the right wing to circlejerk around. And he tweeted it with the caption,  The Sad Truth: The Cost Of Stein/Clinton s #Wisconsin Vote Recount Could Have Saved At Least 5,000 Children s Lives. Here s the tweet in question: The Sad Truth: The Cost Of Stein/Clinton s #Wisconsin Vote Recount Could Have Saved At Least 5,000 Children s Lives https://t.co/sMNQJDfppt  Eric Trump (@EricTrump) December 4, 2016In case you are struck speechless, much as I was, don t worry; Twitter has us covered. Below are some fantastic and all-too-true responses: @EricTrump @Forbes says the guy that literally sits on golden chairs in a house made of gold  Truthbomb (@KramerTruthbomb) December 4, 2016 @EricTrump So could the 24-karat gold-plated seatbelt buckles on your dad s plane. But, Democracy.  Nick Bilton (@nickbilton) December 4, 2016 @EricTrump you know what else helps saving people s lives? paying taxes  Special Kebab (@SoTiredzzz) December 4, 2016 @EricTrump Are You Fucking Kidding Me?!? Pot, Meet Kettle. Hypocrite! #NotMyPresident #Resist #AuditTheVote https://t.co/scn7VE5tFC  ? #NotMYPresident! (@HelloMittyKitty) December 4, 2016 @HelloMittyKitty @Hc2016Now @EricTrump You have that kind of cash. Don t see you saving 5k lives.Killing big game is better,right?  BeTheChange (@SeekingNotLost) December 4, 2016 @EricTrump How many lives could be saved with the money required to protect your family in NY? https://t.co/Q6udu2QWzo  A Good Stoic (@AGoodStoic) December 4, 2016 @EricTrump How much is your daddy s bullshit idea to move Mommy 3 and half-brother Barron into the WH gonna cost, Junior Mister Burns?  James Schlarmann (@JamboSchlarmbo) December 4, 2016 @EricTrump @Forbes think how many children s lives could be saved with the taxes your dad doesn t pay  Truthbomb (@KramerTruthbomb) December 4, 2016 @EricTrump @Forbes think of how many endangered animals you would save if you d quit poaching them.  Truthbomb (@KramerTruthbomb) December 4, 2016 @EricTrump your foundation could have too but paintings of your dad were more important. #fraud  margo (@omimargo) December 4, 2016 @EricTrump Let s see you dad s tax returns to see how charitable he is.  HRC+2.59M (1.9%) PV (@szorowitz) December 4, 2016 @EricTrump Oh please share with us your wisdom on the ways of giving. Perhaps a glance at your taxes to show all your charitible donations?  The Saddest American (@martinichaser15) December 4, 2016All great points!Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3567, BREAKING: Dakota Access Pipeline STOPPED By Army Corps Of Engineers,"The Army Corps of Engineers has denied an easement for the Dakota Access Pipeline, a major oil pipeline that had been rerouted to go through a Sioux nation reservation, and under the Missouri River. Protesters and police have been clashing repeatedly at Standing Rock in North Dakota over the possibility that the pipeline will contaminate water supplies for the Standing Rock Sioux.The Daily Beast is reporting that the Army Corps of Engineers denied the easement pending an environmental impact study. NBC 4 Washington has just released a statement from Sioux chairman David Archambault II that says: I heard the army Corp [sic] of engineers will not grant the easement and they will reroute. NBC 4 reports that Archambault also said: I am thankful there were some leaders in the feral [sic] government that realized something was not right even though its [sic] legal. For the first time in hisopry [sic] native American, they heard our voices. This is something that will go down in history and is a blessing for all indigenous people. Protesters have been gathering at Standing Rock for months to support the Sioux in their fight against the pipeline, and within the last few days, military veterans began heading out in support of the protests and to form a shield around the camp. Methods of trying to get the protesters to leave, including blasting them with freezing water in freezing temperatures and shooting them with rubber bullets, proved fruitless as the protesters refused to let their resolve waver.The reports of the victory over DAPL construction first began trickling in over Twitter via NBC News correspondents.Breaking: Army Corps of Engineers has told Standing Rock Sioux Chairman that the current route for the pipeline will be denied #nadpl  Ayman Mohyeldin (@AymanM) December 4, 2016BREAKING: NBC News reports Army Corps denies DakotaAccessPipeline Permit near #StandingRock Sioux, camp cheers over #noDAPL  Brian Thompson (@brian4NY) December 4, 2016The camp is celebrating their victory, as well they should. This should never have happened to begin with. Watch a video of this developing story below, via MSNBC:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
3568, Bernie Sanders DEVASTATES Trump On Twitter Over ‘Hypocrisy’ For Treasury Pick (TWEET),"Despite Donald Trump s promises on the campaign trail to  drain the swamp,  keep insiders out of the White House, and to take on corporate and moneyed interests on behalf of the little guy, his appointments so far have shown he has no interest whatsoever in following through. His pick for Secretary of the Treasury, Steven Mnuchin, is as swamp monster as they come.He spent 17 years at Goldman-Sachs, for example, which admitted it defrauded people and was partially responsible for the Great Recession. A billionaire investment banker and hedge fund manager is the last person we need running the Treasury. And Bernie Sanders agrees. He totally wrecked Donald Trump over the hypocritical pick, saying,  During the campaign Trump railed against Wall Street. Now Trump nominates a former Goldman Sachs executive to lead Treasury. What hypocrisy! Here is the Tweet in question: During the campaign Trump railed against Wall Street. Now Trump nominates a former Goldman Sachs executive to lead Treasury. What hypocrisy!  Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) December 4, 2016The rest of Trump s picks so far aren t any better   it s a list of political insiders and bankers. What else did people really expect?Steven Mnuchin is straight swamp scum. He ran a bank that raked in cash on bad loans during the financial crises, intentionally devastating the lives of working class Americans to turn a profit:When Mnuchin bought California subprime mortgage lender IndyMac, it was one of the financial crisis  high-profile bank failures. He could face some heat over the fact that he made billions thanks to the generous terms of the deal with the FDIC. He may also face questions about some of the practices at the bank, which later admitted to regulators that it failed to follow protocol when it foreclosed on homeowners struggling with risky mortgages. Also during his tenure, OneWest was charged by federal regulators with filing false documents during foreclosures. Employees also failed to make sure they had the correct loan documentation before the bank seized a home. The scandal, which became known as robo-signing, reached many other major backs as well. OneWest eventually admitted its wrongdoing in a consent decree with regulators. (Source)So, there you have it   Donald Trump s pick for Secretary of the Treasury. It s easy to see why a man of the people like Senator Bernie Sanders would be upset by this. Yet, here s the real question   when are Trump s supporters going to start seeing that they ve been lied to and conned?Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
3569, Ann Coulter Accuses Trump Of Initiating The Biggest ‘Sell-Out’ Ever,"Trump (once again) may be losing his biggest cheerleader   okay, second biggest cheerleader after Rudy Giuliani   Ann Coulter.Coulter, author of New York Times bestselling  In Trump We Must  recently took to twitter to already denounce Donald Trump, who he feels is about to initiate the biggest sell-out in politics over immigration.After conservative writer Mickey Kraus expressed worry over Mike Pence and Paul Ryan s  pledge  to tackle immigration head-on, Coulter tweeted:Sounds like the big sell-out is coming. Oh well. The voters did what we could. If Trump sells out, it s not our fault. https://t.co/tdMpAuDaRI  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) December 2, 2016Actually Ann, it is your fault. You and all the voters (even though Trump lost the popular vote by over 2.5 million) put a notorious, serial liar in office for the next four years. Someone who flip-flopped on every issue imaginable (and then lied about flip-flopping) is going to be President of th United States, so don t act all shocked when it turns out he was   surprise   a major sell-out to the  people. The exchange that seemed to put Kaus and Coulter on edge was an interview Mike Pence gave with Scott Pelley:PELLEY: Just since the election, President-elect Trump has reversed himself on prosecuting Hillary Clinton and on deporting 11 million illegal immigrants in this country. Did he just say those things to get elected? Did he never intend to do them?PENCE: I think what the American people know they have in President-elect Donald Trump is someone who speaks straight from his mind and straight from his heart. And on the issue of illegal immigration, I promise you, as we were meeting yesterday on Capitol Hill with leaders of the House and Senate, we re going to go straight to work after this Congress convenes and this administration takes office. And we re going to pass policies that will end illegal immigration in this country.Doesn t seem like anything bad, and on the surface it looks like something every conservative should want. But when one factors in that Republicans are seeking to repeal Obamacare, deregulate Wall Street, and begin confirmation hearings for the next SCOTUS pick, immigration reform happening  right away  may seem like a distant hope for xenophobes like Kaus and Coulter.It looks like Trump is losing support from Coulter and he s not even president yet. It wouldn t be the first time Coulter seemed to back off of supporting Trump. It certainly won t be the last time either.Featured image Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images",0
3570, Trump Gets His A** Handed To Him By Woman In EPIC Smackdown For Whining About SNL,"Donald Trump just got taken to the woodshed for whining about Saturday Night Live instead of focusing on important things like foreign policy and national security.As we all know, Alec Baldwin once again perfectly impersonated Trump in a cold-open depicting Trump wasting time on Twitter instead of paying attention and learning what he needs to know before taking over the White House in January so he doesn t burn the world down.That led to Trump doing exactly what Baldwin mocked him for doing. Rather than letting it go, Trump whined about Baldwin and SNL.Just tried watching Saturday Night Live   unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can t get any worse. Sad  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016And that was the last straw for Twitter user Danielle Muscato.Sick and tired of Trump posting petty complaints on Twitter instead of focusing on the presidency, Muscato gave Trump the biting lecture he deserves. And it was EPIC!Jesus fucking Christ, @realDonaldTrump. You are the president-elect. Pick your fucking battles, man. You re embarrassing yourself.  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump Baldwin s impression isn t  Sad.  You know what s sad? In 7 wks you ll be responsible for 330m lives & you can t think of  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump (cont) anything better to do than tweet abt a comedy show. You know that actual lives are at stake, right? You re pathetic.  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump This is not a joke, Donald. Don t you have anything better to do? Are you so narcissistic that a PARODY is your priority?  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump Do you know how many trans people were murdered since Election Day? Do you know how many veterans killed themselves?  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump Do you know how many children went to bed tonight without enough food to eat? Do you even care? What is *wrong* with you?!  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump No, of course you don t know those things. You don t even know what a  blind trust,  and you call yourself a businessman.  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump You re pathetic. You ran for prez for attention. You are a fake,a fraud. You never wanted to win anyway; we can all see it.  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump You are not fooling anyone. You re scared, and overwhelmed, and you have absolutely no idea what you re doing. And it shows  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump You think we re all too polite, too aghast, to call you out. I see through you, Donny. I m calling you out. You re a joke.  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump With every fiber of my being, I am disgusted by you. And you know what the real secret is? You re disgusted by you, too.  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump That s why you surround yourself with gold, and beautiful women that you objectify. You know you re a loser, so you try to  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump make yourself feel better, feel successful, authoritative, with things, and money. You are an impostor. You are a fraud.  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump I m ashamed of you. The world is ashamed. You spout NONSENSE, millions of illegal voters?! Even you don t believe it absurd  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump Do you think we re stupid? You think we don t know what you re doing? Trying to control the narrative, get your followers..  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016And it didn t end there. Here are screenshots of the rest.This is the kind of talking to that Trump has probably never received in his entire spoiled life. But it s what a spoiled brat needs to hear at least once. So he better listen up before he makes an ass out of himself even more than he already has. Because the world is watching and right now he is just a joke. And a bad joke at that.Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3571, WATCH: Mike Pence Is Taken To The Woodshed By ABC Host For Defending Trump’s Lies,"George Stephanopoulos refused to take shit from Mike Pence on Sunday.The ABC host of This Week grilled Pence for repeatedly defending Donald Trump s false claim that 3 million people voted illegally to help Hillary Clinton win the popular vote. In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally,  Trump wrote last month.In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016The claim has been repeatedly debunked ever since and people in both parties have criticized Trump for it.Politifact gave the claim a  Pants on Fire  rating because Trump got the information from right-wing conspiracy theorist Alex Jones who got it from some guy who refused to provide evidence to support his claim.When Stephanopoulos interviewed Pence, he demanded to know if he thinks it s responsible for Trump to make false claims. That claim is groundless,  Stephanopoulos said.  There s no evidence to back it up. Is it responsible for a president-elect to make false statements like that? Pence pathetically defended Trump by bringing up a 2012 Pew Center study that even the study s own author says does not prove widespread voter fraud, especially the kind of voter fraud Trump is claiming.Once again, Stephanopoulos informed Pence that Trump s statement  is false. Pence continued to pretend that Trump has evidence to back up his claim and suggested that he has the right to make claim claims. I think the president-elect just wants to call to attention the fact that there has been evidence over many years,  Pence said.  It s certainly his right. It s his right to make false statements?  a bewildered Stephanopoulos asked.Pence responded by dodging the question and called Trump  refreshing  while praising his ability to brainwash people into hanging on his every word. I think one of the things that s refreshing about our president-elect. I think he made such an incredible connection with people all across this country because he tells you what s on his mind. Stephanopoulos refused to let Pence get away with not answering his question.  But why is it refreshing to make false statements?  he asked.And then the interview got testy as Pence claimed that nobody knows if Trump s statement is false or not, leading Stephanopoulos to hit Pence hard to conclude the interview.PENCE:  I don t know that is a false statement and neither do you. There is historic evidence from the Pew Research Center that voter fraud has taken place. STEPHANOPOULOS:  Can you provide any evidence to back up that statement? PENCE:  He s entitled to express his opinion on that. I think the American people find it very refreshing that they have a president who will tell them what s on his mind. STEPHANOPOULOS:  Whether it s true or not. Here s the video via YouTube.This is already shaping up to be a most corrupt dishonest adminstration in American history and Mike Pence doesn t even have the balls to call out Trump on his bullshit.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3572, Trump Might Not Propose A Budget Next Year In Order To Avoid Criticism,"In an unprecedented move, the Trump administration is considering not submitting a budget to Congress next year. He would do this to avoid criticism and it s not illegal even though the Congressional Budget Act requires the president to submit the fiscal 2018 budget to Congress between January 2nd and February 6th. As Forbes notes, Trump could easily say that it was the responsibility of the outgoing Obama administration to comply with the law before the new president was sworn in on January 20.  Forbes  source of this news was someone in the GOP congressional leadership.Again, this is unprecedented, but there s a reason #TrumpFirsts was trending on Twitter yesterday. Clearly, the man doesn t know how to President:Every in-coming president since the Congressional Budget Act went into effect in the mid-1970s has submitted a budget. In many years, those budgets (or amendments to the outgoing president s final budget) were submitted months after the first-Monday-in-February deadline and were truncated versions of the usual multi-volume presentation. But, a fiscal plan with the new president s priorities was consistently released for over 4 decades.A newly elected President is typically eager to submit a budget the first year because it s an opportunity to display the details and plans for things to come. It s showing the new President s priorities. But after a budget is submitted, it gives a platform for those who will criticize the administration. So if there s no proposal then there s no criticism.And as for those promises Trump made: it would also eliminate the need for the administration to publish a table with the very optimistic GDP growth promised during the campaign, the high interest rates many economists think are coming and Trump s unrealistic assumptions on jobs and unemployment.This is coming from a man who didn t release his taxes during his campaign. That, too, is not presidential. We d love to hear a good defense on this from Trump supporters. Y all got burned and we re going to have to clean another Republican President s mess up when he creates an apocalyptic economy. By the way, the jobless rate is 4.6 percent right now. Watch how fast that increases._____________________________________________________________________________________Photo by Alex Wong via Getty.",0
3573, WATCH: Jake Tapper CRUSHES Kellyanne Conway For Calling Trump’s Tweets ‘Presidential’,"Kellyanne Conway is a complete hypocrite who has no soul and CNN host Jake Tapper proved it.Tapper grilled Conway during a recent forum at Harvard Kennedy School s Institute of Politics in which Conway claimed that because Donald Trump is the president-elect that means his petty tweets are  presidential  behavior. I will tell you that the president-elect looks at his social media accounts   combined 25 million, probably more at this point, users on Twitter and Facebook   as a very good platform which to convey his messages,  Conway told the student who asked the question.  He s a unique person who s been following his instincts and his judgement from the beginning. But Tapper, who as a CNN host has seen Trump s many hissy fits over CNN coverage, couldn t believe what he was hearing.Tapper pointed out that Trump s claim that 3 million people voted illegally was totally false and further pointed out that Trump routinely posts petty attacks against individuals who criticize him.  Is that really presidential behavior,  he asked. Well, he s the president-elect,  Conway replied.  So that s presidential behavior, yes. As the audience gasped in shock because Trump s behavior is definitely NOT presidential, Tapper brough up an interesting point. So the things that Bill Clinton did in the Oval Office that you criticized, those were presidential?  Tapper cleverly asked.  You are saying if the president does it, it s presidential? Conway acted shocked that Tapper would dare compare Trump to Bill Clinton, but we are talking about a man who said he liked to grab women  by the p*ssy  without permission.Tapper told Conway that just because a president does something it doesn t make it  presidential. I wasn t saying otherwise,  Conway claimed. And then the audience laughed at her.Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump s behavior over the last year and a half is not presidential, but Conway insists that everything Trump does now is presidential simply because he s the president-elect. And that means Conway demonstrated her hypocrisy by whining when Tapper asked if Bill Clinton getting a blow-job in the Oval Office is presidential. After all, if the president does it, it must be presidential, right?Seriously, how does Kellyanne Conway live with herself?Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3574, Trump Goes On Bizarre Twitter Rant That Will Make Businesses Laugh At Him,"Trump is a terrible businessman and will be an even worse president. And his latest Twitter rant is proof.In a string of tweets on Sunday morning, Donald Trump simultaneously promised to give businesses massive tax cuts and threatened to tax them if they leave the United States.The U.S. is going to substantialy reduce taxes and regulations on businesses, but any business that leaves our country for another country,  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the U.S.   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016without retribution or consequence, is WRONG! There will be a tax on our soon to be strong border of 35% for these companies   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016wanting to sell their product, cars, A.C. units etc., back across the border. This tax will make leaving financially difficult, but ..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016these companies are able to move between all 50 states, with no tax or tariff being charged. Please be forewarned prior to making a very   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016expensive mistake! THE UNITED STATES IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016Here s the thing. Trump literally just stated that he will  substantially  reduce taxes on businesses, which is basically the plan Kansas Republicans put in place and their state budget is now a disaster. Trump also intends to do away with regulations, which basically gives business owners the ability to do whatever the hell they want, which will be especially dangerous if the regulations Trump is talking about are safety regulations, food quality, etc Big businesses will be especially happy about this because they already pay little in taxes anyway.But then Trump threatens to punish businesses with a 35 percent tax if they move operations overseas.This doesn t make a lot of sense and businesses are probably laughing their asses off right now. Trump is already giving them a massive tax cut and less regulations, which means taxing them 35 percent isn t going to be much of a punishment at all.In fact, Trump s recent Carrier deal is the perfect example of how corporations will treat Trump s threats. Despite claiming that he saved jobs, Trump s so-called deal with Carrier cost taxpayers $7 million. Carrier gets that money and they STILL sent more jobs to Mexico than they kept in Indiana and then announced that they are closing another factory. Basically, Carrier took the money and moved jobs overseas anyway, which is exactly what other businesses are going to do because Trump doesn t know what the hell he is doing.Donald Trump is the idiot big businesses have been waiting for. Not only will corporations get to still move jobs overseas at a higher rate than ever before, they ll be able to fleece taxpayers for every cent they can get with Trump s willing assistance. Then they can move operations overseas anyway and use taxpayer money to pay Trump s 35 percent tax penalty.In other words, American workers and taxpayers better get ready because they are about to be screwed while CEOs laugh all the way to their offshore bank.Featured Image: Tasos Katopodis/Getty Images",0
3575, Alec Baldwin Perfectly Responds To Trump’s Temper Tantrum Over SNL Impersonation,"Saturday Night Live once again took aim at Donald Trump. Trump once again threw a hissy fit about it. And Alec Baldwin once again responded perfectly.Baldwin s impersonation of Trump has been spot-on, must to the delight of Saturday Night Live fans across the country.This week, Baldwin returned to lampoon Trump s inability to focus on the most important job he ll ever have because he refuses to stop tweeting insults and petty whining.Baldwin s Trump interrupted a security briefing to retweet random people, which is totally believable because Trump ignores the daily briefings all the time and still spends much of his time on Twitter.Kate McKinnon s Kellyanne Conway explained that Trump does that because he wants to distract people from talking about his conflicts of interest. But Baldwin s Trump had a different reason.  I do it because my brain is bad,  he said.Here s the video via YouTube.After the show ended, the real Donald Trump couldn t refrain from attacking Saturday Night Live again and even whined about Baldwin s impersonation, which again, is fantastic.Just tried watching Saturday Night Live   unwatchable! Totally biased, not funny and the Baldwin impersonation just can t get any worse. Sad  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 4, 2016Baldwin then struck back by offering Trump a deal. @realDonaldTrumpRelease your tax returns and I ll stop. Ha  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) December 4, 2016Now, we all know that Trump is going to refuse Baldwin s offer. That s because Trump has been hiding his tax returns from the American people all year because he doesn t want everyone to know how much of a greedy terrible businessman he really is.Of course, Baldwin wasn t the only one who slammed Trump s hissy fit. Twitter users also had something to say.Jesus fucking Christ, @realDonaldTrump. You are the president-elect. Pick your fucking battles, man. You re embarrassing yourself.  Danielle Muscato (@DanielleMuscato) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump Have you tried Sesame Street? Might be more your speed  Jon Rosenberg  (@jonrosenberg) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump Alec would be a better POTUS-E. At least he makes people laugh.  Tony Posnanski (@tonyposnanski) December 4, 2016President-elect, or whiny thin-skinned narcissistic man-baby? He s both! @realDonaldTrump https://t.co/riymfYwNU2  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) December 4, 2016@realDonaldTrump Your impersonation of a President is unwatchable. Sad!  Bob Hagh ? (@BobHagh) December 4, 2016Donald Trump has repeatedly demonstrated his inability to focus on the presidency. Instead of learning what the job is all about and keeping up with the daily briefings he would rather spend his time whining on Twitter. That s totally unpresidential and it s why Trump should not be inaugurated in January.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3576," Minutes After Saturday Night Live Sketch Ended, Trump Was Already B*tching About It (VIDEO)","Now that it appears that Donald Trump is the inevitable next president, Alec Baldwin has job security at Saturday Night Live for at least four more years (unless Trump is impeached). Trump s not happy, at all.This week, Baldwin skewered Trump s Twitter obsession. The sketch showed the President-Elect as so distracted by his Twitter account that he just had to retweet a high school boy, rather than pay attention during a security briefing. Kellyanne,  referring to campaign manager Kellyanne Conway, played by SNL s Kate McKinnon,  I just retweeted the best tweet. I mean wow, what a great, smart tweet. When advisors reminded Trump that he was in a security briefing, Baldwin s Trump replied,  He s 16, he s in high school, and I really did retweet him. Seriously, this is real.  Trump s advisors tried to steer him back to the situation in Syria but Trump said,  God, Seth seems so cool. His Twitter bio says he wants to make America great again. That s when McKinnon s Conway dropped the truth bomb about why Trump really tweets:Trump tweets to much to  distract the media from his business conflicts and the scary people in his cabinet,  but in Trump s words the real reason is because his  brain is bad. But what s Donald Trump if he can t brag about something he had absolutely nothing to do with:As the adults in the room continued to admonish Trump for his incessant tweeting, he disputed the fact that it was preventing him from focusing on his work.  I was elected 25 days ago and already unemployment is at a nine-year low, millions and millions of people have health care and Osama bin Laden is dead,  he said.  Next I m going to do what I promised my whole campaign and I m going to build that swamp. Here s the full video:Trump was not at all happy with the portrayal. Within minutes, he posted this:This thin-skinned compulsive tweeter, my fellow Americans, is our next president.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
3577, Jill Stein Forced To Drop Pennsylvania Recount Bid When Judge Attaches $1 Million Price Tag,"On Saturday, Green Party candidate Jill Stein was forced to drop her bid for a recount in Pennsylvania when a judge decided on a $1 million bond.Spokesman Sam Scarrow revealed in an emailed statement that an attorney for the Stein campaign said the price was just too high. Petitioners are regular citizens of ordinary means. They cannot afford to post the $1,000,000 bond required by the court,  wrote the lawyer.Stein shared her thoughts on Twitter.How odd is it that we must jump through bureaucratic hoops and raise millions of dollars so we can trust our election results? #Recount2016  Dr. Jill Stein (@DrJillStein) December 4, 2016According to court documents, Donald Trump s campaign requested that the judge set the bond for the recount at $10 million.Stein has filed for recounts of the presidential election in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Michigan. Hillary Clinton announced that she would back Stein s recount efforts in all three states, which prompted Trump to lose his mind. He railed against the efforts on Twitter and denounced the bid for recounts as nothing more than a  scam.  Ironically, he made the case for a recount of even more states at the very same time with his own claims of widespread voter fraud.It is unlikely that the recount would successfully change the outcome of the election in the long run, especially since a margin of this size has never before been overcome. However, Trump sure was acting like he was scared to death of a second look. It seems that, at least in Pennsylvania, he is going to get his way. In Wisconsin and Michigan, Trump has not been so lucky. The recounts in both of these states have already begun. But the push for a recount in the Keystone State seems to have come to an end.On Saturday night, the Pennsylvania GOP issued a statement that read, in part: The filing of a discontinuance of the Election Contest by Jill Stein s petitioners tonight is a recognition that their Election Contest was completely without merit, and meant solely for purposes to delay the Electoral College vote in Pennsylvania for President-Elect Trump Candidate Jill Stein s allegations created the false allusion that some unidentified foreign government hacked our state s voting systems when absolutely no such proof existed. We believe that she always knew that she had no such proof. Pennsylvania election officials published the updated vote count on Friday, which showed Trump s lead over his Democratic rival shrinking to 49,000 from 71,000. As shocking as this may sound, this did not meet Pennsylvania s 0.5 percent trigger for an automatic statewide recount.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
3578, WATCH: Democrats Release Video PERFECTLY Highlighting Hypocrisy Of Trump’s Appointments,"Despite his promises to  drain the swamp,  Trump is doing the exact opposite. So far, his cabinet picks are basically a  who s who  of Washington insiders and big business executives, making the swamp slimier than ever.And the Democratic Party isn t missing the opportunity to highlight Trump s incompetence and hypocrisy.In a 30-second video released on Twitter, the Democrats lambasted Trump for hiring the very idiots who caused the financial crisis to undo all of the hard work done by the Obama administration to pull this country back from the brink of financial ruin.You can watch the video below: We ve seen so much economic growth over the last 6 years. Now Donald Trump is hiring the people who created the crisis we recovered from. pic.twitter.com/F7nQqDCmUM  The Democrats (@TheDemocrats) December 3, 2016Although the list is always changing (you can see a live updated version by The New York Times here), here s a quick rundown of his current appointments and their anything-but outsider backgrounds:Steve Bannon is a white supremacist and nationalist, and architect of Breitbart, which he has called a platform of the  alt-right.  Alt-right is the politically correct word for neo-Nazis that can t stand being called neo-Nazis. He was also an investment banker at Goldman-Sachs, and ran his own financial firm, Bannon & Co.Reince Priebus, who was chairman to the RNC and instrumental in the rise of Paul Ryan, Scott Walker, and others, is about as establishment as you can get. He s a lawyer and career politician, and was the chairman of one of two major political parties. What is more establishment than that?! Yet, for his early promotion of the Donald, he s getting rewarded with a spot in the White House. Trump doesn t give a damn about draining the swamp; he s giving favors to friends.Flynn isn t as bad as Trump s other picks at first glance, that is. He seems to have no clue what he s talking about with regard to many political issues, but on the subject of national security, he does at least have some expertise. Unfortunately, that expertise is tempered with a  let s bomb the shit out of everything!  attitude combined with extreme Islamophobia. Lovely. He s also been reported to have a loose relationship with the truth. A leaked email from former Secretary of State and four-star general Colin Powell is even more telling: I spoke at DIA last month,  Powell wrote to his son, Michael, on July 19 before relaying a story he apparently heard from Marine Lt. Gen. Vincent Stewart, the current DIA director.  Flynn got fired as head of DIA. His replacement is a black Marine 3-star. I asked why Flynn got fired. Abusive with staff, didn t listen, worked against policy, bad management, etc. He has been and was right-wing nutty every [sic] since.  (The Washington Post)Come on, Trump, you can t do better than that? Who am I kidding   of course you can t.None of those require Senate confirmation, so they re already a done deal. The following names, however, are not yet set in stone, but are likely:I won t get into the many, many terrible policy positions of Jeff Sessions. That s not important here. What is important is that he is another career politician who is owned by the insurance industry and has no interest in fighting for the common citizen. He s yet another swamp monster in an administration that won an election on the promise of changing business as usual in Washington.It s hard to know where to start with Betsy DeVos. Her desire to privatize education, not improve it? Her belief in creationism? The fact that she thinks Christianity belongs in public schools? Or maybe just that she s another billionaire swamp monster? She married into Amway money. Amway, if you re not familiar, is a massive pyramid scheme under investigation in many countries for its  multi-level marketing  scam ( multi-level marketing  is code for  pyramid scam ). It s one of the largest privately held companies in the United States. And she is a HUGE political donor who is very fond of money influencing the political process.You know who would make the best Secretary of the Treasury when you re trying to get rid of  business as usual  in Washington? A billionaire investment banker and hedge fund manager who spent 17 years at Goldman-Sachs, that s who! Here s a flashback to Trump just months ago: I m not going to let Wall Street get away with murder. Wall Street has caused tremendous problems for us. We re going to tax Wall Street. Huh. How about that.Steven Mnuchin been sued by Trump, partnered with George Soros, and has done basically anything he can to make as much money as possible. It s hard to see how liberals or conservatives would support him, but Trump supporters will follow him no matter what he does or how many promises he breaks.And in case you forgot, people like Mnuchin caused the Great Recession. Now we ve gone from not regulating them enough and allowing them to buy politicians to directly placing them in power! That s some great swamp draining right there.Wilbur Ross is a predatory billionaire investor and former banker. Is this starting to sound repetitive? He also served under Rudy Giuliani, as well as Bill Clinton, and has been both a Democrat and a Republican as the need arises. Not exactly a political outsider!And heads up, coal miners: He s currently under investigation by multiple agencies for his degree of responsibility in the deaths of a dozen coal miners in West Virginia. The mine that collapsed had over 200 safety citations, and he was  intimately familiar  with the company and problems in question during the time leading up to the incident. Do you think Trump really gives a flying fuck about you when he s hiring people like that?Elaine Chao has served under two previous Republican administrations already, as well as obtaining a White House fellowship under Reagan. She was the Secretary of Labor under Dubya, and the Deputy Secretary of Transportation under his marginally more competent father, President George H.W. Bush.She s also Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell s wife. Not only that, but she s worked at multiple banks as well as the Heritage Foundation. She is as deeply embedded in the world of politics and the swamp of Washington as it is possible to be.With this list of Washington insiders and bank executives on their way onto the White House team, it s more clear than ever that everything Trump told his supporters during his campaign was a lie. He s in it for himself, his children, and his rich friends. After that, he ll listen to anybody that pretends they like him or tells him what he wants to hear. Sad!Featured image via screen capture from embedded video ",0
3579, There Is Literally No Way To Stop Trump From Using Nuclear Weapons,"Much of my day is spent scanning the news, so when this headline came up from the Washington Post, I was inconsolable. What I read was of no comfort. Trump, it seems, has total carte blanche for destroying the world. No one can stop him.If you recall, a few months ago Trump spoke with a foreign policy expert. Trump allegedly asked the expert three times why we can t use nuclear weapons.Beyond that, we know that Trump is terribly thin-skinned and set for vengeance upon anyone who dares offend him.Yes, that s terrifying, but doesn t Congress provide checks and balances? Even congressional Republicans certainly know the consequences of nuclear war, right? It turns out, it doesn t matter. With congressional approval or without it, Trump can do whatever the hell he wants with nuclear weapons.Now they re his. When Trump takes office in January, he will have sole authority over more than 7,000 warheads. There is no failsafe. The whole point of U.S. nuclear weapons control is to make sure that the president   and only the president   can use them if and whenever he decides to do so. The one sure way to keep President Trump from launching a nuclear attack, under the system we ve had in place since the early Cold War, would have been to elect someone else.Why in the world would a single person ever have that much responsibility? Well, the short answer is that no one ever anticipated that in our electoral system, there would be a President Donald Trump.The more complex answer is that the president is the check to balance a hawkish military.The members of Congress who wrote the law, largely with the backing of the scientists who worked on the Manhattan Project, framed it explicitly as a question of who controls the power to use nuclear weapons: Is dropping an atomic bomb a military act or a political one? If it is inherently political, above and beyond a regular military tactic, then that power could not be entrusted to the military. Ultimately, the president was supposed to be the check against the Pentagon pushing to use nukes more often.One person did predict a Trump of sorts. While the country was still reeling from Watergate in 1973, 21-year Air Force veteran Maj. Harold Hering asked:How could he be sure that an order to launch his missiles was lawful? How could he be sure, for example, that the president wasn t insane? Instead of an answer, he got the boot: an aborted promotion and an administrative discharge for  failure to demonstrate acceptable qualities of leadership  and for indicating  a defective mental attitude towards his duties. Now, there is one person between the President and nuclear annihilation, the secretary of defense. The SoD is actually the person to carry out the launch, not the President, but the SoD, unlike Congress, works for the President. It s unclear if he (or she) can even say no. Trump s nominee is James  Mad Dog  Mattis. He s a war hawk who once said that killing people was  a hell of a lot of fun.  In other words, even if he could tell his boss no, he probably wouldn t.Featured image via Ty Wright/Getty Images",0
3580, Russian Official: ‘It Turns Out Russia Won The Elections In America’,"We ve long been suspicious of Russian meddling in our political process, with intelligence officials going so far as to say they re confident they know Russia hacked various email systems, including that of the DNC. With Trump s election, Russia sees a huge victory as their puppet prepares to take office.One Russian governor, Viktor Nazarov, actually, literally said, according to CBS News: It turns out that United Russia won the elections in America. United Russia is Putin s political party, and not Russia itself. Regardless, that is still a bold proclamation to make, whether he s talking about Putin meddling or just a U.S. puppet government for Putin to use to strengthen Russia. Russia suffers from a crippled economy thanks to sanctions, and they seem to see us as their ticket out of all that.It s more likely that see us as their ticket to restored power so they re once again on equal footing with us. Hillary wouldn t have done that   the Democrats have taken a strong line against Russia, as have most Republicans. With the bromance that exists between Trump and Putin, though, Russia probably hopes that Congress will give in to their new leader.Putin, of course, denies that Russia did anything at all with our electoral process despite NSA claims that he definitely did. He claimed conspiracy theory, saying that the American left was using this theory as a distraction. If his governors and other officials can t keep from saying that Russia was the big winner in our elections, though, then what are we really to think?As Boris Zilberman, an expert on Russia, said: It s not that Putin is against the Democratic Party. He s more against the United States and (for) whatever may push Russian interests. How convenient for Putin, then, that his best American buddy, Trump, got elected. It s sickening to think that Russia might have been the big winner of our elections, but it s hard to ignore Russian officials who say so.Featured image via Greg Baker-Pool/Getty Images and Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
3581," Carrier To Employees: Donald Trump Lied, We’re Still Sending 1,300 Jobs To Mexico","While Donald Trump may have bribed Carrier into keeping some 800 jobs in the United States with millions of dollars in tax breaks and other incentives   a dangerous precedent, as companies now know they only need to threaten to move out of the United States to get massive gifts from the Trump administration   one thing he doesn t even acknowledge is that more jobs will still be going to Mexico than will stay in the United States.In a deal that even stalwart Trump supporter calls a  hallmark of corruption  and  crony capitalism,  Trump and Pence offered the company $7 million to keep a small portion of the jobs they planned to move across the border in Indiana. The problem is that the company will still be moving 1,300 jobs Trump and his crew refuse to speak about. But Carrier was forthright with employees in a companywide letter explaining The Donald s attempt to deceive the American public into thinking he was doing some actual good. While this announcement is good news for many, we recognize it is not good news for everyone,  the letter tells employees. Carrier explains that regardless of any deal with Trump they intend to  move forward with previously unannounced plans  to relocate 1,300 jobs to Mexico by the end of the year. We recognize that this has been very difficult for your families,  the letter says, praising employees for continuing to work even knowing the company intended to f*ck them over with or without Donald Trump s input.  We greatly appreciate this and sincerely thank you for all your efforts. Breaking: Carrier confirms in letter to workers that fan coil jobs will ""relocate"" to Mexico by end of 2017. @rtv6 @IndyThisWeek pic.twitter.com/pcHo5ZPuh4  Rafael S nchez (@RafaelOnTV) December 2, 2016Trump s dangerous decision to show companies that he will give them special favors if they merely threaten to take jobs elsewhere will have far-reaching impact, but the Wall Street Journal says that another aspect of the deal   Trump s threats against the company if they didn t comply   is far more dangerous than the bribe:Mr. Trump s Carrier squeeze might even cost more U.S. jobs if it makes CEOs more reluctant to build plants in the U.S. because it would be politically difficult to close them.Yes, more jobs were lost than were saved and yes, Trump just set a precedent for providing financial gifts to companies who threaten to take jobs elsewhere, but Trump has managed to make it dangerous for companies to bring jobs here while he is President   something that we can expect will cause a lot of damage down the road.Featured image via Getty Images (Tom Pennington)/screengrab",0
3582, The GOP Has A Plan For Obamacare: Repeal And Let The Sh*t Hit The Fan,"Now that they have someone they think is their lord and savior in the White House, House Republicans are starting to come together on their plans to get rid of the Affordable Care Act. They ve been bleating  repeal and replace  for six years, but the  replace  part of that has always been a secondary concern (as in, they never really tried to work on it). Now they re solidifying that with a  repeal and delay  plan.Or, rather,  repeal and let the sh*t hit the fan  plan. They still have no plan for replacing it, but they just have to repeal now so that s what they re going to do. Then they ll delay actually nullifying it because they think that will keep the whole of the country from descending a dark staircase into chaotic healthcare hell. Rep. Kevin Brady, chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee, even said: We are not going to rip health care away from Americans. We will have a transition period so Congress can develop the right policies and the American people can have time to look for better health care options. Because Congress can totally agree on everything that needs to happen for Americans to have decent access to decent healthcare. Their delusion on this is deep and complex, too. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy believes that, once it s officially repealed, fewer people will want to play politics and more will be willing to come to the table and support a Republican solution.Har de har har. The GOP s very narrow majority in the Senate could make that all but a pipe dream. No matter, the House has a plan for that too, according to Lamar Alexander, the chairman of the House s health committee: We re going to begin immediately to repeal Obamacare and reconciliation is the only way to do it. And I believe we will have 51 Republican senators or 52 to vote for that. No, Republicans aren t playing politics at all here.Is it really going to be so bad, though? Well, yes, actually, it probably will be. Experts are warning that this  repeal and delay  plan is going to cause massive chaos. Sabrina Corlette, who teaches at the Health Policy Institute at Georgetown, said: The idea that you can repeal the Affordable Care Act with a two- or three-year transition period and not create market chaos is a total fantasy. Insurers need to know the rules of the road in order to develop plans and set premiums. If there are problems, they ll just blame Democrats for stalling, for refusing to play ball, for obstructing, or whatever else they think the public will believe if spoon-fed to them. See? They ve solved everything! Except how to replace the ACA. Their only focus is on repealing right now. It s not likely they re actually thinking beyond being able to brag to the masses that they finally got rid of the ACA.Featured image by Zach Gibson via Getty Images",0
3583, WATCH: Racist Republican Gets Her A** Handed To Her For Claiming Trump Campaign Wasn’t Racist,"Conservatives are damned liars and they need to be called out every time they claim Donald Trump s campaign wasn t racist.Throughout the 2016 presidential campaign, Donald Trump constantly winked and nodded at white supremacists and white nationalists to the point where they threw their support to his campaign and starting showing up at his rallies.In fact, the only group of voters that Donald Trump did not insult or denounce were white racists while he consistently spewed hateful and discriminatory rhetoric at Latinos, black people, and Muslims.It is common knowledge that racism was a key part of Trump s vicious campaign. But Trump supporter Betsy McCaughey repeatedly claimed otherwise and actually had the gall to accuse Democrats of being the real racists during a Saturday appearance on CNN with Democratic counterpart Symone Sanders, who is black. I think the campaign has been very gracious in victory,  McCaughey claimed.  But what disturbs me the most is to see the Democratic Party leaders and spokespeople like Symone are still making false accusations of racism   in fact, behaving like racists themselves. One reason Donald Trump won is Americans are sick and tired of reverse racism and that s what they heard from Hillary Clinton at the beginning. Except that Hillary Clinton s message was about coming together and building a stronger America for everyone. Trump, meanwhile, questioned President Obama s place of birth for years, accused a judge of being biased because  he s a Mexican,  repeatedly condoned beatings of black protesters at his rallies, and refused to denounce white supremacists among many other examples.McCaughey ranted on about how Democrats are to blame for racism in this country, only to be absolutely BURIED by Sanders. We ve got to cut this out,  Sanders said.  Betsy, people of color in America are victims of systemic racism and I think it s really important to note that while the Trump campaign, yes, they won. Donald Trump is going to be the next president, there are still some real underlying issues. The rhetoric that the campaign elevated, these fringe elements that they brought into the mainstream. These are the things that people in America are still dealing with. The Trump campaign has to at least own that so we can move forward. And the truth-bomb that Sanders dropped made McCaughey lose her shit to the point that she actually directed a racist term at Sanders and instantly proved Sanders  point. I don t appreciate these accusations of racism because they are untrue and the only reason that people like Symone constantly label their opponents as racist is because they don t have an argument they can win on the merits. Again, Symone Sanders is a black woman, so when McCaughey said  people like Symone,  it was instantly recognized as racist. Racists often use the term  you people  as a racial slur in order to dehumanize their opponent and blame an entire class or race of people for something.Even Sanders pointed it out.  Betsy just  You people-d  me. Thank you. Thus, Sanders won the argument and made McCaughey reveal herself as a racist on national television.Here s the video via YouTube.McCaughey is also dead wrong about Trump being gracious in victory. He has been anything but gracious. In fact, he s rubbing it in by going on an unprecedented victory tour. If President Obama had done that in 2012, conservatives would have thrown temper tantrums across the country and hurled the N-word at will.The bottom line is that Donald Trump did NOT win this election by having better policies. He won because he energized the racists in this country to vote for him. And the fact that he picked people like Jeff Sessions and Steve Bannon for key positions in his administration speaks volumes about how racist he is, especially since the KKK and white nationalists overwhelmingly approve of those two choices.Featured image via screenshot",0
3584, Trump Meets Anti-Vaccination Nuts And Expresses Support For Their Dangerous Movement,"On top of all the problems this country faces under a Donald Trump administration, anti-vaxxers are hoping he ll make widespread disease great again.Anti-vaccination advocates literally believe that vaccines are harmful to children despite an avalanche of scientific research and the fact that we have nearly eradicated many viruses that used to kill thousands of people as proof to the contrary.Leading anti-vaxxer Andrew Wakefield, the moron who made parents panic by claiming to link vaccines to autism, got to meet with Trump to spew the same fraudulent claims that cost him his medical license. For the first time in a long time, I feel very positive about this, because Donald Trump is not beholden to the pharmaceutical industry,  Wakefield said.  He didn t rely upon [drug makers] to get him elected. And he s a man who seems to speak his mind and act accordingly. So we shall see. Now Americans have to fear a world where anyone around them could be carrying a disease that could have been easily prevented by a harmless vaccine because Trump is listening to a crackpot.Thus far, the anti-vaxxer movement has caused outbreaks of whooping cough, rubella, and measles, just to name a few. Measles had been declared eradicated in 2000, but after many parents had a collective freak-out they stopped vaccinating their damn kids and opened the door for measles and other diseases to return. Measles kicked that door down in 2015 when the disease struck many who were unvaccinated after a visitor from another country carried it and spread it to others at Disneyland.At the height of the outbreak, Fox medical expert Dr. Marc Siegel blasted anti-vaxxers and defended vaccines as necessary for the public health. Let me be clear on this, I see no debate whatsoever,  Siegel said.  Period. This is the greatest vaccine that has ever been created in the history of vaccines. You know we stamped out measles in the United States in 2000. It was incredible because measles is the most contagious virus known to man. If you had measles there would be a 90 percent chance that I would get it by sitting next to you if I weren t vaccinated. It s so much more contagious than the flu. We were talking about Ebola, this is a million times more contagious than Ebola! Your celebrities did not go to medical school! In California, there s 13,000 parents that are taking a personal belief exemption, allowing their kids to go to school without that second MMR vaccine. You need one after you re 1 year old, and then you need one again before you re 5 or 6 years old. I think these parents are putting children at risk in schools. I think schools should consider not allowing these kids in. Make them be homeschooled if they don t have this vaccine. Why should my child be a risk because your child isn t vaccinated? Later that year, the first American in over a decade died after contracting measles.And if Donald Trump aids anti-vaxxers by changing federal policy, he will become a direct threat to the public health as it becomes more likely that diseases once considered eradicated in this country thanks to vaccines return with a deadly vengeance all because we let a bunch of stupid people who reject science influence policy.Featured Image: MNN",0
3585, San Francisco Just Told Trump In No Uncertain Terms To Go F*ck Himself,"Donald Trump hasn t even stepped into office yet and he has already managed to fill his cabinet with the richest people ever to self-serve in that position, start an international incident with China, hire multiple white supremacists and other assorted bigots to top-level positions, and generally show us that the next four years will be a test of all that we are as Americans   and the city of San Fransisco has already made it clear where they stand.Just before Thanksgiving, the city s Board of Supervisors released an 11-point resolution telling Donald Trump that his hateful ideals are not welcome. The resolution reminds Trump and other assorted bigots that the city stands with the LGBT community, women, Muslims (including refugees) and people of all religions, African-Americans, and every other group sure to be marginalized and harassed under the Trump administration:WHEREAS, On November 8, 2016, Donald Trump was elected to become the 45th President of the United States; now, therefore, be itRESOLVED, That no matter the threats made by President-elect Trump, San Francisco will remain a Sanctuary City. We will not turn our back on the men and women from other countries who help make this city great, and who represent over one third of our population. This is the Golden Gate-we build bridges, not walls; and, be itFURTHER RESOLVED, That we will never back down on women s rights, whether in healthcare, the workplace, or any other area threatened by a man who treats women as obstacles to be demeaned or objects to be assaulted. And just as important, we will ensure our young girls grow up with role models who show them they can be or do anything; and, be itFURTHER RESOLVED, That there will be no conversion therapy, no withdrawal of rights in San Francisco. We began hosting gay weddings twelve years ago, and we are not stopping now. And to all the LGBTQ people all over the country who feel scared, bullied, or alone: You matter. You are seen; you are loved; and San Francisco will never stop fighting for you; and, be itFURTHER RESOLVED, That we still believe in this nation s founding principle of religious freedom. We do not ban people for their faith. And the only lists we keep are on invitations to come pray together; and, be itFURTHER RESOLVED, That Black Lives Matter in San Francisco, even if they may not in the White House. And guided by President Obama s Task Force on 21st Century Policing, we will continue reforming our police department and rebuilding trust between police and communities of color so all citizens feel safe in their neighborhoods; and, be itFURTHER RESOLVED, That climate change is not a hoax, or a plot by the Chinese. In this city, surrounded by water on three sides, science matters. And we will continue our work on CleanPower, Zero Waste, and everything else we are doing to protect future generations; and, be itFURTHER RESOLVED, That we have been providing universal health care in this city for nearly a decade, and if the new administration follows through on its callous promise to revoke health insurance from 20 million people, San Franciscans will be protected; and, be itFURTHER RESOLVED, That we are the birthplace of the United Nations, a city made stronger by the thousands of international visitors we welcome every day. We will remain committed to internationalism and to our friends and allies around the world-whether the administration in Washington is or not; and, be itFURTHER RESOLVED, That San Francisco will remain a Transit First city and will continue building Muni and BART systems we can all rely upon, whether this administration follows through on its platform to eliminate federal transit funding or not; and, be itThe San Francisco Board of Supervisors is determined to maintain the safety and values of the city.FURTHER RESOLVED, That California is the sixth largest economy in the world. The Bay Area is the innovation capital of the country. We will not be bullied by threats to revoke our federal funding, nor will we sacrifice our values or members of our community for your dollar; and, be itFURTHER RESOLVED, That we condemn all hate crimes and hate speech perpetrated in this election s wake. That although the United States will soon have a President who has demonstrated a lack of respect for the values we hold in the highest regard in San Francisco, it cannot change who we are, and it will never change our values. We argue, we campaign, we debate vigorously within San Francisco, but on these points we are 100 percent united. We will fight discrimination and recklessness in all its forms. We are one City. And we will move forward together.Dark times are ahead for our country   something even once stalwart Trump supporter Sarah Palin is quickly realizing after The Donald s deal with Carrier to  save  1,000 jobs by handing out gigantic tax breaks as a reward for threatening to move a plant to Mexico.Every city needs to follow this example, as it is up to each and every one of us to preserve what America is about   Trump will not, after all.Featured image via Getty Images/Chip Somodevilla",0
3586," LEGO Donald Trump Steals Christmas, And It’s Absolutely Hilarious (VIDEO)","With many people still recovering from such a horrendous election result, it s left quite a few people unable to get into the Christmas spirit. Especially knowing that the nation is about to be handed over to a tiny-handed orange bully who tweets his verbal diarrhea with no filter whatsoever.However, as it seems at the moment, Donald Trump will, in fact, be inaugurated as the United States  45th president, and we all need to somehow wrap our heads around that.In the mean time, with some much-needed levity during this terrible time in history for all the world, Alisha Brophy and Scott Miles have put together a brilliant stop-motion animated video featuring LEGO Donald Trump and his takeover of the North Pole from Santa Claus.The video features Trump even going after the baby Jesus, throwing a hissy fit on Twitter, and thanking his pal Russian President Vladimir Putin, who appears on a LEGO bear.Most notably, there are several lines stolen and adapted directly from what Trump has said in real life, including his horrific statements towards women, such as: When you re Santa, you can do whatever. Grab  em by the antlers. All in all, this is pretty damn brilliant. Well done.Watch here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
3587, China Fires Warning At Trump For Contacting Taiwan In Violation Of One-China Policy,"Donald Trump has not even taken office yet and he has already pissed off the most populous nation on the planet.For nearly 40 years, the United States and made it policy that the American president does not contact the leader of Taiwan for the sake of stable relations with China.But Donald Trump violated that policy on Friday by talking to Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen.China does not recognize Taiwan as an independent nation and considers the island its territory. This goes all the way back to 1949 when Chiang Kai-shek evacuated his Nationalist forces to Taiwan after being defeated by Communist forces in the Chinese Civil War.China has refused to recognize Taiwan ever since and considers it a renegade territory.Trump claims that the phone call was merely congratulatory and that both sides expressed that  close economic, political and security ties exist between Taiwan and the United States. But if you believe that, I have a golden tower to sell you. Most likely, Trump is getting cozy with Taiwan because his company wants to build luxury hotels and resorts on the island, which is yet another conflict of interest Trump has refused to deal with and is more proof that Trump only wants to use the presidency for his own selfish financial gain.Trump s action has been criticized by diplomats and state department personnel. And his recklessness has now drawn an angry response from the Chinese government.In a statement, the Chinese foreign ministry lodged a formal protest and warned Trump to beware of risking relations between our two nations again.  It must be pointed out that there is only one China in the world,  Chinese officials said.  We urge the relevant side in the US to adhere to the  one China  policy, abide by the pledges in the three joint China-US communiques, and handle issues related to Taiwan carefully and properly to avoid causing unnecessary interference to the overall China-U.S. relationship. Again, Trump has not even taken office yet and he is already screwing up decades worth of established foreign policy, proving once again that he is too irresponsible to be president.China is a major holder of U.S. foreign debt and is a major manufacturer of products sold by American businesses. So pissing the Chinese off could not only lead to a war, it could substantially cripple our economy.Donald Trump serious needs to read the relevant intelligence and foreign policy briefings so he doesn t do anything stupid like this again.Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3588, Trump Supporters Terrorize An American Woman On The Subway For Wearing A Hijab,"Donald Trump s deplorable supporters strike again.18-year-old Yasmin Seweid was born in Brooklyn, New York. So she has been raised in America her entire life. She grew up surrounded by American culture and values religious freedom as guaranteed by the Constitution.And that is why she is able to wear a hijab and practice Islam.But while she was standing on the subway platform waiting to go home, three male Trump supporters targeted her and began harassing her. They called her a  terrorist,  ripped the straps on her bag, and tried to forcibly remove her hijab all while saying Trump s name.The abuse continued on the train and Seweid was forced to exit at an early stop in order to get away from them. Bystanders even watched the incident unfold and cowardly did nothing to stop it.She reported the incident to police, who are investigating the crime.In order to warn others about the dangers of Trump supporters, Seweid chose to write about her horrific experience on Facebook. I take the train every single day going to & coming from class, but yesterday, something happened that I never thought would happen to me,  Seweid wrote.  I was harassed on the subway last night and it was just so dehumanizing I can t speak about it without getting emotional. Three white racists ripped the straps off my bag & attempted to yank my hijab off my head. They yelled such disgusting slurs at me, I was so helpless and felt defenseless.  Look it s a fucking terrorist ,  go back to your country ,  take that rag off your head  and so many more. Trump s name was repeatedly said & it finally clicked in my head. No matter how  cultured  or  Americanized  I am, these people don t see me as an American.It breaks my heart that so many individuals chose to be bystanders while watching me get harassed verbally and physically by these disgusting pigs. Trump America is real and I witnessed it first hand last night! What a traumatizing night. Please stay safe everyone & never let anyone take your rights away. Just thought I should share that with you all tonight.Here s her full post via Facebook.Ever since Election Day, Trump supporters have been celebrating by committing hate crimes against women and minorities. In fact, the number of hate crimes skyrocketed and nearly 900 of them have been committed in the weeks since November 8th. And experts say it is worse than the number of hate crimes committed after the 9/11 attacks.Donald Trump has done nothing more than create an atmosphere of hate and violence in this country. With that being said, his call for unity is complete bullshit. We can t have unity in this country when his own supporters are going around terrorizing people.Featured Image: Steve Pope/Getty Images",0
3589, Trump Supporters Already Regret Voting For Him And Here’s The Hilarious Proof,"Let s all point and laugh at the SAD Trump supporters who are just now realizing that they got totally conned.Donald Trump made a lot of promises on the campaign trail but ever since Election night he has backed away from many of them or broken them entirely.First, Trump didn t  drain the swamp.  His cabinet is set to be the wealthiest in history and most of his picks are Washington insiders and elites that conservatives loathe.And many conservatives now realize that Trump is going to help Republicans wipe out Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security, programs Trump repeatedly swore to leave intact.Trump will also not prosecute Hillary Clinton and the  big beautiful wall  he promised to build along the Mexican border is apparently going to be more like a lame fence instead.So, many of Trump s supporters are regretting the choice they made on Election Day and are expressing that regret on social media. And luckily for us, a Tumblr site known as Trumpgrets is collecting all of their right-wing tears for our viewing entertainment.And there are plenty more where those came from.Voting for Donald Trump is the biggest regret that 62,686,062 Americans will have to live with for the rest of their lives. They will be forever known and mocked as the dumbasses who irrevocably damaged this country with their sheer stupidity. But Trump voters are far from the only people who should and do have regrets. Millions more simply stayed at home or voted for a third party that had no chance of actually winning. And now America is paying the price for it.The truly sad thing is that Trump hasn t even taken office yet, so we can only imagine how much more people will regret their choice as these next four years drag on.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3590, Mike Pence’s New DC Neighbors Are HILARIOUSLY Trolling Him For Being A Homophobic Bigot,"Mike Pence is a huge homophobe. He supports ex-gay conversion therapy, opposes hate crimes protections for LGBTQ people, is staunchly against marriage equality, and once said that he believes that same-sex couples will lead to  societal collapse.  To that end, the folks who are being forced to live near the now- vice president-elect near his newly rented house in Washington, DC are none too happy with their new neighbor. However, instead of protesting him with rallies in the streets, they ve decided to troll him instead.The residents in the Chevy Chase neighborhood are hanging large rainbow flags on their homes to send a signal to Mike Pence   that his homophobia is not welcome in their neck of the wood. According to local station WJLA: A respectful message showing, in my case, my disagreement with some of his thinking,  said Ilse Heintzen.The  he  Heintzen is referring to is Vice-President Elect Mike Pence. Pence moved into a house on Heintzen s block where he will stay on-and-off until he moves into the Vice-President s mansion on the grounds of the Naval Observatory next year.Neighbors started hanging the pride flags after the VP-Elect moved in because the LGBTQ community has criticized Pence s policies regarding LGBTQ rights.Here are a couple images of the collective rainbow F-YOU to Pence, via Twitter:#Pride flags sending message to @mike_pence outside temporary #DC home. Neighbors say more are coming. @NewsChannel8 @ABC7News #LGBTQ #LGBT pic.twitter.com/a2bfKfJ0yL  Tim Barber (@ABC7TimBarber) December 1, 2016Residents on NW Washington Street where VP Elect Pence is renting a house are sending him a symbolic message. More residents may hang flags pic.twitter.com/fldYsMoP6i  Suzanne Kennedy (@ABC7Suzanne) November 30, 2016There are more flags to come, too, according to locals. These people are doing a great thing by letting Pence know that his bigotry is not welcome, and that he d best not attempt to display it in their presence. On the other hand, this likely will cause another meltdown from Trump, who will undoubtedly accuse these people of  harassing  Pence for his bigoted views, just as happened with the Hamilton staff.Either way, this signals that there will be absolutely no tolerance for their bigotry, no matter how hard they push. Hopefully, their heads explode on this one before they even take office.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3591, Anderson Cooper Demands Answers After Trump’s HUGE Mistake With Taiwan,"On Friday, Donald Trump broke a 37-year old pledge with China not to recognize Taiwan as a country and called its president. The reason? He wants to further pad his pockets by building a new luxury hotel in Taiwan. With just this one brief phone call, he has likely caused a diplomatic crisis, erasing all of the hard work Obama and other past presidents have done to keep China in our good graces.Friday night on CNN, Anderson Cooper spoke to former Trump campaign manager, Kellyanne Conway, demanding answers after this enormous mistake that has left political observers speechless   evidently, it left Kellyanne Conway speechless as well, because she had no idea what to say.Right off the bat, Cooper lets loose on Conway, telling her that America  doesn t recognize Taiwan as its own nation,  and  doesn t support Taiwan independence.  He also referenced a tweet from Democratic Sen. Chris Murphy, who stated  this is how wars start,  in response to Trump s mindboggling break in protocol.(2) What has happened in the last 48 hours is not a shift. These are major pivots in foreign policy w/out any plan. That s how wars start.  Chris Murphy (@ChrisMurphyCT) December 2, 2016Cooper then told Conway that  This has been long-standing U.S. policy towards China not to recognize Taiwan.  Conway awkwardly answers  right,  and then takes what seems like an endless pause before responding that she wasn t going to discuss details about the incident.Conway goes on to try and compare Trump to President Obama, but Cooper wasn t having it.Watch the full interview below:Featured image via screenshot",0
3592, Obama Eyeing Digital Media Career Post-Presidency,"Before Donald Trump pulled off winning the presidency (which no one saw coming), there were reports that the billionaire mogul was preparing to potentially launch a TV news network that would be even more outrageous than Fox News   hence why he ran for president: he needed to build an audience.But now he s going to be President of the United States, so that won t be happening.However, there is one person who may be eyeing a career in media   President Obama.According to multiple sources that spoke to Mic, President Obama is looking into launching a digital media company, and that media will be the  focus  of the next chapter of his life.Mic is also reporting   albeit another anonymous source   that President Obama and Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg talked about the post-presidency prospects at a meeting in Lima, Peru during the APEC summit.White House communications director told Mic that the president (as of now) has no plans to get into the media industry:While the president will remain actively engaged in inspiring young people and he is interested in the changing ways people consume information, he has no plans to get into the media business after he leaves office.When Rolling Stone had asked President Obama what his post-presidential plans would entail, he gave the American people the first clue that could actually tie into a media launch against right-wing B.S.:How do we rethink our storytelling, the messaging and the use of technology and digital media, so that we can make a persuasive case across the country?There s an easy answer to that question: Obama TV, or the Obama News Network.Now that the world is creeping up on a Trump presidency, who better to reach out and offer sanity to the public than President Obama, who has pledged he will not keep quiet on the sidelines.Having Bill O Reilly and the other right-wing blowhards like Tomi Lahren compete against President Obama and his people for ratings would be a marvelous sight to behold.With millennials constantly being turned off by the political process (and always on social media), a network launch from one of greatest presidents this country has ever seen may not be such a bad idea. Perhaps Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert could come onboard.With Democrats taking over the conversation from the noise at Fox News, the possibilities are endless.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
3593, Trump Just Caused A Diplomatic Crisis With China Because He Wants To Build A Resort In Taiwan,"Donald Trump likely caused a diplomatic crisis with China when he decided he would talk to the president of Taiwan on Friday. The move left political observers scratching their heads and wondering how he could have possibly thought this was a good idea. The answer is simple. It s the same reason Trump does everything   he thinks he can get something out of it. In this case, another luxury resort.In 1979, the United States severed all diplomatic ties with Taiwan and adopted a One China stance. Since that time, no president (or president-elect) has spoken with the country s president. As far as China is concerned, Taiwan is part of China. Trump s phone call with Tsai Ying-wen, the president of Taiwan,  is likely to infuriate Beijing which regards the island as a renegade province. So why on earth would Trump do something like this? Go figure, the Trump Organization just happens to be looking at Taiwan as a location for their next luxury resort.The Shangiist, a publication that covers news in China, reported the following in November:The mayor of Taoyuan confirmed rumors on Wednesday that US president-elect Donald Trump was considering constructing a series of luxury hotels and resorts in the northwest Taiwanese city.A representative from the Trump Organization paid a visit to Taoyuan in September, expressing interest in the city s Aerotropolis, a large-scale urban development project aimed at capitalizing on Taoyuan s status as a transport hub for East Asia, Taiwan News reports. With the review process for the Aerotropolis still underway, Taoyuan s mayor referred to the subject of the meeting as mere investment speculation. Other reports indicate that Eric Trump, the president-elect s second son and executive vice president of the Trump Organization, will be coming to Taoyuan later this year to discuss the potential business opportunity.The dire consequences that could come from this simple phone conversation cannot be understated. The only thing less surprising than Trump s stupidity is his willingness to sacrifice the United States for his own selfish gains. His businesses and foreign financial ties have come under scrutiny for the conflicts of interest they create now that Trump is going to be president. He hasn t even been sworn in yet and already he is saying to hell with America for the sake of his own bank account. This is exactly why this man should not be the leader of the free world.Featured image via Ty Wright/Getty Images",0
3594," Sarah Palin Turns On Trump, Blasts His Bad ‘Crony Capitalism’ Deal With Carrier","One of Donald Trump s strongest allies just turned against him and may have just cost herself a cabinet position in the process.It s a win-win really.Not only do we get to watch Sarah Palin slam Donald Trump for making a shitty deal, we get the satisfaction of knowing that he probably won t consider her for any cabinet post at all, including Secretary of Veterans Affairs.Earlier this week, Trump bragged that he was meeting with Carrier, a company in Indiana that was planning to send American jobs overseas. Well, Trump only saved nearly 1,000 jobs while more than 1,000 jobs were still sent to Mexico. Oh, and Carrier got a sweet deal for it, too. Taxpayers in Indiana will be giving Carrier $7 million to keep the smattering of jobs that are left. It s a very high price to pay and is a waste of taxpayer dollars that sets the stage for more companies to do the exact same thing in order to snag millions of taxpayer dollars. All they have to do is threaten to send jobs overseas and get Trump to  negotiate  to keep some of them.In short, Trump is an easy mark for companies to exploit. But Sarah Palin is NOT supportive of what Trump is doing.In an op-ed for Young Conservatives, Palin blasted Trump s bad deal with Carrier as  crony capitalism  that will doom the free market and the country. When government steps in arbitrarily with individual subsidies, favoring one business over others, it sets inconsistent, unfair, illogical precedent,  she wrote.  Meanwhile, the invisible hand that best orchestrates a free people s free enterprise system gets amputated. Then, special interests creep in and manipulate markets. Republicans oppose this, remember? Instead, we support competition on a level playing field, remember? Because we know special interest crony capitalism is one big fail. Politicians picking and choosing recipients of corporate welfare is railed against by fiscal conservatives, for it s a hallmark of corruption. And socialism A $20 trillion debt-ridden country can t afford this sinfully stupid practice, so vigilantly guard against its continuance, or we re doomed But know that fundamentally, political intrusion using a stick or carrot to bribe or force one individual business to do what politicians insist, versus establishing policy incentivizing our ENTIRE ethical economic engine to roar back to life, isn t the answer.Trump s deal with Carrier was nothing more than a theatrical photo-op stunt designed to fool us into believing that he is saving American businesses. But he only did the exact opposite. Eventually, Carrier will threaten to send more jobs overseas and they will expect yet another government handout to be paid by taxpayers. It s free money for businesses. So businesses will likely take advantage of this and will decide to send jobs overseas in an effort to secure millions in taxpayer subsidies. It s windfall for corporations, but a costly disaster for taxpayers. Because now corporations will just hold jobs hostage and will demand taxpayer money in return for keeping just some of those jobs in the United States.Once again, Donald Trump is a loser who makes bad business deals, and this time he is dragging America down with him.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3595, The Senate Just Quietly Passed A Measure To DESTROY Free Speech On College Campuses,"College campuses are one of the places where free speech is extremely sacrosanct, and for that reason, they re also often the target of censorship attempts from the government. Right now, campuses are under attack because they re hotbeds for opinions and movements that politicians can t stand, and the Senate has decided to try and stop that.The bill sounds innocuous at first. It s called the Anti-Semitism Awareness Act, and it s aimed at combating anti-Semitism, which has been on the rise thanks to Trump normalizing pretty much every form of bigotry there is. Combating anti-Semitism in the wake of his election through legislation is commendable.Combating it the way the Senate is doing, though, is not. What they saw in the rise of anti-Semitic sentiment and hate crimes here was not a real chance to address hate crimes and speech. They saw an opportunity to squash speech in favor of Palestinian rights in one of the places where it s strongest, and they pounced.This bill encourages the Department of Education to adopt the State Department s definition of anti-Semitism, which includes demonizing and delegitimizing Israel, applying double standards, and focusing on Israel only for human rights investigations.While the bill doesn t actually tell the Department of Education to use the language from the State Department, it does steer them in that direction. The Senate s hope seems to be that when they re investigating schools for anti-Semitic discrimination under Title VI of the Civil Rights Act, they ll sanction schools with heavy anti-Israel sentiment.In fact, the definition is so broad that any speech criticizing Israel could be considered anti-Semitic hate speech, and thus, curbed lest the school get in trouble for daring to allow it.The Senate bill supposedly isn t meant to infringe on anyone s First Amendment right to criticize Israel, so long as they do it in the same way they would criticize any other nation. But we know how it ll actually be used. Groups like the Zionist Organization of America, AIPAC, the Anti-Defamation League, and the Jewish Federations of North America can t stand things like the BDS movement (boycott, divest and sanction) gaining steam. The Zionist Organization of America absolutely loves to file complaints with the Department of Education to try and silence any Palestinian rights speech on campus.That is only likely to increase if this bill becomes law. Students who fight for Palestine because Israel is guilty of murdering them for nothing, is guilty of forcing occupation and subjugating them, and is guilty of all manner of human rights abuses, already work in a heavily repressive environment. This will make that considerably worse.This has been simmering under the surface for a long time. Last year, Ted Cruz delivered a speech to AIPAC talking about how people involved with the BDS movement might end up in prison, depending on what s defined as legal and illegal protest behavior, and said that schools that support the BDS movement should lose their federal dollars.The University of California at Berkeley has faced tons of pressure to squash the BDS movement on their campus. And a student at George Washington University had campus police tell her to take a Palestinian flag out of her window.All of this is done under the idea that speech and expression in support of Palestinian rights are intimidating and frightening to Jewish students. However, a growing number of American Jews have a severe problem with how Israel abuses, oppresses and enslaves Palestine. Yes, it s a balancing act, but every right we have is a balancing act. In this case, the Senate wants to tip that balance towards censoring free speech. Do not expect them to stop there.The broader implication is that censoring pro-Palestine speech on college campuses could lead to censoring other speech on campuses. We do need to combat anti-Semitism along with other forms of hate. This, however, is just the Senate seeing their opening to end pro-Palestine speech on college campuses, likely with the hope that it ll die elsewhere.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
3596, Laura Ingraham Wants To Know If The Military Is Paying For People To ‘Cut Their Private Parts’ Off,"Right-wing radio s  high priestess of hate,  Laura Ingraham, has a few questions about military spending. Namely, she wants to know if taxpayers are still footing the bill for transgender people  to go and cut their private parts to death. On the Friday episode of Ingraham s radio show, she went on an offensive rant about how the U.S. military deals with medical care for those who may be transgender, and she wants some answers. What do you think about all that social experimentation they re doing in the military? They still going to pay for those for sex change surgeries in the military with taxpayer dollars? Aren t they   are they paying for those now, Drew? The operations for the people to go and cut their private parts to death and whatever they do? Wasn t that a push, they want the taxpayer dollars to pay for those sex change surgeries? What do you think old Mad Dog [Gen. James Mattis] is going to think about that? We ve got to cut, but not that way. Ingraham is known for her bigotry, particularly her racist attacks on President Obama. She also gave a nod to white supremacists when she gave a Nazi salute after her speech at the Republican National Convention. Not surprisingly, this has earned her the respect of Donald Trump, who is now considering Ingraham as a contender for White House Press Secretary.As our friends at Winning Democrats pointed out when it was announced that Trump was considering her to be his mouthpiece, Ingraham is also known for her anti-women stances:  Ingraham not only opposes a woman s right to choose, she attacked Anita Hill and worked to smear her for accusing Clarence Thomas of sexually assaulting her. Ingraham also called for defunding the Violence Against Women Act which helps fight domestic violence. Listen to Ingraham question how the military handles transgender healthcare here, beginning around the 6:50 mark:Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3597," With Just One Phone Call, Trump SHATTERS Our Relationship With China","Trump s brazen phone calls to various world leaders are upsetting diplomats, and with good reason. He s voicing admiration for some of the worst dictators in the world, such as the leader of Kazakhstan, and he wants to visit Pakistan. He also ruffled feathers in some circles when he issued a casual, offhand invitation to Britain s prime minister, Theresa May, following phone calls to nine other world leaders.His most recent phone call was to Taiwan, a country with which the U.S. has had no contact for nearly 40 years. In doing so, he may have upset the delicate balance that currently exists between us and China, because China thinks of Taiwan as a  renegade province. Okay, so China isn t a country that we re totally in love with right now. The problem with Trump doing this, though, is that China is still a trading partner, and if he wishes to be able to negotiate a better trade deal with them, he d do well to respect them and the delicate nature of our relationship with them right now.But all Trump has proven thus far is that he s an idiotic, ill-prepared, complete dolt when it comes to handling the presidency, and especially foreign relations. There things he doesn t even know to think about before calling absolutely everyone on the planet. White House press secretary Josh Earnest actually begged Trump to go through proper channels, meaning the Department of State, when contacting world leaders.Otherwise, his willy-nilly phone calls like this can shake up, or even destroy, relationships that are already on shaky ground.Like our relationship with China.He certainly didn t try to make a friend out of China during his campaign, blasting them repeatedly for stealing our jobs and essentially saying he was going to strongarm them into a trade agreement that was more favorable to us. And now Beijing would actually be right if they were pissed at him for this.Trump needs finesse. He needs discretion. He needs a shit-ton of help here. He s going to destroy all of our alliances before he even takes office this way.Featured image via Ty Wright/Getty Images",0
3598, BREAKING: Dems Celebrate Progressive Win As DNC Old Guard Makes Way For New Faces (DETAILS),"Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean has already served as the Chair of the Democratic National Committee from 2005-2009. As the Democratic Party recovers from shocking losses and a lack of leadership, he chose to run for that same position again. However, as of Friday, Dean has chosen to get out of the race for DNC Chair, saying that it is a time for the party to be led by new faces.This is a huge win for the progressive wing of the party, who has appointed new, farther left leaders like Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders to Senate leadership positions while retaining Nancy Pelosi as the Democratic leader in the House of Representatives. Gov. Dean was right to do this, as he has had his run, and it is time for new blood. However, he seems to have his reservations about selecting a sitting member of Congress, such as Rep. Keith Ellison (D- Minn.) for the top job. There are three people left in the pile of candidates, including NARAL Pro-Choice President Ilyse Hogue.Should she leave her current job, Hogue would be a great pick, seeing as women s rights are under attack, and she s the perfect person to preserve them. Speaking in regards to the demands of the job and the need for someone to be able to do it full time, Gov. Dean stated: I know this job better than anyone in this room. It requires 80 hours of work a week and constant travel across the country to fundraise.   This is a full-time job. Whether or not that is true, I have no idea. However, I am glad that Gov. Dean put his party s welfare before his own political ambitions. The Democratic Party is becoming more and more progressive by the day, and it s time for those young, progressive voices to take the reigns. We must not give in to moderate challengers like Rep. Tim Ryan (D-OHIO), and we must not give into continuing the same old failed leadership. Godspeed to whoever wins, and may we take back Congress with your leadership in 2018.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
3599, Woman Regrets Voting For Trump After He Picks Man Who Took Her House Away As Treasury Secretary,"One Donald Trump supporter just realized that she voted for the wrong candidate.Teena Colebrook knew she had made a terrible error in judgment after Donald Trump picked former Goldman Sachs partner Steven Mnuchin to head the Treasury Department. I just wish that I had not voted,  Colebrook said.  I have no faith in our government anymore at all. They all promise you the world at the end of a stick and take it away once they get in. Colebrook believed Trump when he said he would  drain the swamp,  his term for getting rid of all the Washington insiders and elites. She believed he would keep his promise to look after and take care of ordinary Americans like herself. But Trump s choice of a billionaire big Wall Street banker changed her mind about Trump.Colebrook bought a triplex in 1998 in Los Angeles for $248,000. She rented out two units to make extra income and lived in the third. She kept up the payments but then the recession hit and her two tenants lost their jobs.According to the Associated Press,Over five years, she tried unsuccessfully to adjust her loan with OneWest through the Treasury Department s Home Affordable Modification Program. But she said that One West Bank lost paperwork, provided conflicting statements about ownership of the loan and fees and submitted charges that were unverified and caused her loan balance to balloon. By the time she lost her home in foreclosure in April 2015, the payoff balance totaled $517,662.OneWest Bank was owned by Steven Mnuchin, and Colebrook is not the only person he screwed over. Two years ago, Mnuchin s vulture bank literally tried to take a house away from a 90-year-old woman over a 27 cent bill.That s how petty and greedy Mnuchin is, and that makes him unfit to be in a position that is supposed to serve the American people and protect them from economic predators like himself.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3600, Top Trump Minion Calls For Imprisoning The Editor Of The New York Times,"In a direct assault on the free press, one of Donald Trump s top advisers literally called for putting the editor of the New York Times in jail for publishing Trump s tax returns.As you may recall, the New York Times came into possession of Trump s 1995 tax return that showed he wrote off a $900 million business loss that may have allowed him to not not any federal income taxes for two decades.Trump notoriously refused to release his tax returns throughout the entire campaign so it was only a matter of time before a media platform got hold of them and published them for everyone to see. After all, it s the duty of the free press to get information to the people, and most Americans wanted Trump to release his tax documents.Baquet and Washington Post legend Bob Woodward both said they would risk jail by publishing Trump s taxes if they ever got possession of them.Not publishing Trump s tax returns would have been a disservice to the American people and would have basically been a cover-up on Trump s behalf.But Corey Lewandowski says that not only should the New York Times have buried the story, executive editor Dean Baquet should be put behind bars for doing his job.During a Harvard University conference on Thursday, Lewandowski attacked the media, accused the New York Times of committing a felony and said Baquet should be jailed, thus signaling that Trump and his team intend to violate the First Amendment at will when he assumes power in January. We had one of the top people at the New York Times come to Harvard University and say,  I m willing to go to jail to get a copy of Donald Trump s taxes so I can publish them,  Lewandowski said. Dean Baquet came here and offered to go to jail. You re telling me, he s willing to commit a felony on a private citizen to post his taxes, and there isn t enough scrutiny on the Trump campaign and his business dealings and his taxes? It s egregious. He should be in jail. So one of Trump s top minions literally wants to jail journalists for doing their job, especially if they publish stories that Trump does not like. We re talking about publishing the facts here.When the New York Times criticized Hillary Clinton you didn t hear Trump call for jailing journalists then. And that because he s okay with using the media to attack his opponents. He only wants to silence journalists when they publish negative stories about him. That s what dictators do, and that is exactly what Trump wants to be.Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3601, WATCH: George Stephanopoulos GRILLS Kellyanne Conway For Defending Trump’s Lies,"Kellyanne Conway couldn t take the heat.Donald Trump s lie about 3 million people voting illegally has been repeatedly debunked, especially by Politifact, which rated it  false  because Trump got his information from right-wing conspiracy theorist Alex Jones, who got his information from a guy who refuses to show evidence to support his claim.Rather than admit that her boss is full of shit on this one topic, Kellyanne Conway dodged the same question from George Stephannopoulos on four different occasions. That claim is groundless,  Stephanopoulos said.  Isn t it irresponsible for the president-elect to make false statements like that? I think it s groundless to talk about fake news, the fake news is that somehow the popular vote is more important than the Electoral College vote now,  Conway replied.  All I saw was  Road to 270,  I ve never heard  Road to popular vote. Hillary Clinton currently has more than a 2 million vote lead in the popular vote and recount efforts are underway in three battleground states because the popular vote in those states could very well be wrong and that would swing the election in Clinton s favor and rid us of Trump and his bile.Stephanopoulos scolded Conway for ignoring his question and asked it again. Kellyanne, that s not what I asked,  he said.  No one is questioning the victory. I said, is it appropriate, is it responsible for the president-elect to make false statements like that. But Conway still refused to answer and chose to whine about the recounts instead. Well first, many people are questioning the victory,  Conway said.  You ve got people spending millions of dollars   wasting money and time   in the Clinton and Stein camps. So, not everyone has  accepted the election results. Conway then claimed that Trump got his information from many  different people  including anti-immigrant Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach who is an extremist conservative whack job. There s not evidence that there were millions of illegal votes,  Stephanopoulos replied.  Zero. But Conway only continued whining about the recount because whining is what she does best. There s also no evidence that a recount is going to change the results in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania,  she claimed. And while that might be true, the fact that Russia hacked our election system and Trump repeatedly claimed the election is rigged makes it pretty clear that we need these recount efforts. If Conway really believes Trump legitimately won this election, she should have no objection to the recount. The only reason she would object is because she fears the recount will reveal something her and Trump do not want discovered.Stephanopoulos refused to let Conway hijack the interview and asked the question again. Simple question, Kellyanne. Is that statement by President-elect Trump true? But Conway couldn t even answer a simple question, which means these recounts should move forward. In fact, they should move forward in every state Trump  won  just to make sure his team didn t rig the results. After all, Trump did hire a man convicted of election fraud in Michigan. That alone should make people question the vote tallies.Here s the video via YouTube:Again, how Conway is able to sleep at night and look at herself in the mirror every morning after defending Trump on a daily basis is a total mystery.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3602, Trump MOCKS Americans Upset Over Election In DELUSIONAL Victory Speech (VIDEO),"When Donald Trump made his acceptance speech after winning the election, many of us were skeptical of his peaceful promise to be a president for all Americans   especially after he spent his entire presidential campaign insulting the Muslim, Hispanic, LGBT, black, disabled and female Americans. We had every right to remain guarded, and Trump is proving us right.On the first day of Trump s weird, completely unnecessary  victory tour,  Trump mocked the majority of Americans by making fun of the ones that didn t want him to be the next President of the United States. At the rally in Cincinnati, Ohio last night, Trump railed against the  extremely dishonest press  for underestimating and criticizing him, completely ignoring the fact that most of America did not want him to win.Seemingly oblivious to the fact that he lost the popular vote by MILLIONS, Trump railed against specific members of the media, such as ABC s Martha Raddatz for having an extremely emotional reaction after realizing Trump would become America s future president. Imitating Raddatz crying, Trump said: How about when a major anchor who hosted a debate started crying when she realized that we won? How about that? Tears.  No, tell me this isn t true. Trump also explained how he d been watching the shocked reactions on people s faces as he followed the election results on TV, and seemed truly amused by it. For a future leader of our country to show such a lack of respect, maturity and sensitivity to the very people he is going to be representing and leading is repulsive and should be condemned. It s truly horrifying behavior.You can watch Trump insult Americans in the video below:Trump does not have the ability to be gracious or compassionate about anything, and it s clear that there won t be much improvement in the weeks leading up to his presidency. If this is what Trump s speeches are going to look like, we re in for a long and painful four years.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
3603, WATCH: CNN Analyst Calls Trump A ‘Son Of A Bitch’ On The Air,"Donald Trump s destructive vision of America is eliciting strong reaction from millions of people across the country, including political analyst David Gergen.Trump delivered a speech in Cincinnati, Ohio in which he continued to use divisive rhetoric and attacked the media before once again calling on all Americans to bow down and kiss his ass for the good of the nation.During an appearance on CNN on Thursday, Gergen slapped down Trump s disingenuous call for unity and put aside niceties as he eulogized the America that has been a respected world power for decades. I think if there was any doubt that we re putting an end to one chapter in American history and moving to a new one, he dispelled that tonight. This is goodbye to American leadership in the world. Goodbye to globalization. He s bringing America home. He s going to lead a nativist, nationalistic, populist movement and if you want to join up with him fine. If you don t, forget it. Gergen said he got a  very clear impression  that Trump is going to ignore foreign policy and leave it to a team of advisers and focus on domestic policy in his  pugilistic, narcissistic way  without regard for who he hurts.Indeed, Trump s domestic policy could include dismantling Medicare and Social Security, the two most successful and popular government programs in American history. Trump also intends to attack minimum wage and give bigots the kind of freedom to discriminate against others that they haven t had in a long time. Even the Voting Rights Act, Civil Rights Act, and women s rights are going to be targeted. He s in charge,  Gergen continued.  And he has a lot of support in the Congress. That kind of speech will fire up his base, and it s going to leave a lot of other people I knew I didn t like the son of a bitch. Here s the video via YouTube. Gergen s remarks are at the three minute mark:Donald Trump s agenda needs to be obstructed at every turn over the next four years. He has no intention of uniting America or doing what s best for America. He only cares about what is best for himself and his cronies. Not a single word that comes out of his mouth is true and if our democracy is to survive, we must resist. Republicans refused to unite behind President Obama for eight years. It time for Democrats to show Trump the same courtesy.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3604, Colbert PERFECTLY Explains The Horror Of A World Where You Can’t Block Trump (VIDEO),"Donald Trump has always shown himself to be impulsive when it comes to his use of technology. He often tweets in the middle of the night, goes on long rants that make no sense, and generally makes an absolute ass of himself in front of the whole world via his Twitter account. However, we can block Trump from our Twitters. Once he becomes president, though, we will NOT be able to block him from our phones.You see, this president, and every president thereafter, will be using the same service that sends us severe weather alerts to text everyone in the nation with a cell phone. There s one person who has a platform and is not at all happy about this development, considering what we know about Trump   Late Show host Stephen Colbert.During his Thursday night monologue, Colbert addressed this grim new reality. He began: Here s the deal   you legally don t have to have to follow his tweets. You can un-follow Trump, delete Twitter, go into the world, live your life. But the bad news is, starting January 20th, Donald Trump can send unblockable mass text messages to the entire nation. The only person I would trust less with that technology is [former Rep.] Anthony Weiner [D-N.Y.]. Yes, feel free to block alerts about floods and missing persons, but if Trump wants you to know how he feels about the cast of  Hamilton,  you will listen. Now, it s important to remember that this can only be done via Wireless Emergency Alerts (WEAs), and they must be approved first. However, given Trump s authoritarian tendencies, I m pretty sure whatever safeguards are in place to keep him from blowing up 300 million phones whenever he feels like it will be decimated in short order. In short, Colbert is right   this is bad news.Watch the video below:[ad3media campaign= 1372 ]Featured image via video screen capture",0
3605, Trump Threw Himself A Victory Party And Barely Anyone Showed Up,"Trump s attempt at self-fellation following his kinda-sorta victory in the election went a bit limp when he threw himself a party and no one came. Sure, there were people there, but many of the seats at his Cincinnati rally Thursday remained unwarmed by the freedom farts of his racist, xenophobic, and otherwise deplorable fans.The Guardian s Ben Jacobs posted a photo of the event shortly before Donald Trump was scheduled to speak   a time that, before he was elected, would have virtually ensured a stadium packed with meth-addled, cretinous assorted bigots. Let s just say it was  underwhelming. Trump s victory tour in Cincinnati an hour before he takes the stage pic.twitter.com/1zriYO7s21  Ben Jacobs (@Bencjacobs) December 1, 2016 Sure,  Trump supporters will undoubtedly say,  he chose the worst possible angle to something-something l genpresse.  Calling the rally  surprisingly uncrowded,  the Daily Telegraph s Ruth Sherlock also tweeted a photo of the extremely disappointing crowd:Crowd gathering at #Trump  thank you  rally in #Cincinnati #Ohio   surprisingly uncrowded. pic.twitter.com/7ZX1VwIhAV  Ruth Sherlock (@Rsherlock) December 2, 2016One Trump supporter fired back at Sherlock, calling her out on her lying photo by tweeting one of people who were  actually there. Crowd gathering at #Trump  thank you  rally in #Cincinnati#Ohio   surprisingly uncrowded.@Rsherlock Funny how your pic looks nothing like the pics of people who were actually there. #FakeNewsAlert!https://t.co/tl1YqVNXkg  E.D. Skovbo (@EDSkovbo) December 2, 2016Unfortunately for him and anyone else who will inevitably use that photo in their nonsensical claims that the media is lying to them, this photo is from a rally in October   same venue, different (and far fewer) people.Where is the horde of people who used to flock to Trump s rallies? Maybe 50,000 of them were being held outside by a freedom-hating fire marshal. Perhaps  that dastardly lying media used camera tricks and Photoshop to try to embarrass him. Were there actually eleventeen million vampires present that the lying media s lying cameras didn t capture?Perhaps they just weren t there because the far fewer than half of Americans who voted for him are waking up to the fact that they just made a gigantic f*cking mistake. In any case, we re sure to hear what a success Trump s victory party was, and how the media is unfairly attacking him for being unable to fill a room as President-elect.Featured image via screengrab",0
3606," Battleground State Recounts Are Now Getting Underway, And Trump Is Clearly PETRIFIED","It s funny how Trump kept screaming that the election was rigged all through his campaign, and now screams there s massive voter fraud everywhere considering that the three states that gave him the White House are getting ready to recount their votes. Lawyers for Trump are mobilizing to block recounts in Michigan and Pennsylvania in a panic, trying to stop these efforts. Wisconsin s recount is already underway, so good luck there.Michigan s recount is set to begin today, yet Trump believes that any recount in that state would be  lawless,  despite the fact that recounting election votes is as American as hot dogs with ketchup at the ballpark. His complaint could stall that recount until it becomes impossible to do it, and that s probably his goal. The Board of Canvassers is scheduled to discuss Trump s specious claims today.In Pennsylvania, Trump s attorneys accused Jill Stein of  commandeering Pennsylvania s electoral process, with an eye toward doing the same to the Electoral College.  They go on to say that there s no evidence of fraud or tampering, and imply that the recount shouldn t happen because of this. Indeed, one judge has blocked recount efforts in one part of the state, but it s not clear what the state itself will do.What are they so afraid of? Seriously. Trump himself alleged massive voter fraud, and his minions have glommed on to that absurd narrative, but they won. They won the White House, so what s the problem here? If anything, they ought to be celebrating these recounts because they should believe such recounts will just reinforce the legitimacy of Trump s win.Is it the anomalies in Wisconsin that s scaring the living demons out of him? Perhaps it s his shrinking margin in Pennsylvania that s got him terrified. Following Philadelphia s final tally, Trump s lead shrank from roughly 71,000 to 46,435 votes. That could be scary. Or maybe it s the fact that Michigan agreed to a recount despite the fact that the state only uses paper ballots.Hillary is now down by less than 80,000 votes across all three battleground states.The problems in all three states could be enough to worry him. If he were any kind of classy, though, he d tell them to go ahead with their recounts, and he d have his people tell the press and anyone else who will listen that he s confident these recounts won t reveal anything new.That should be obvious. But what s truly obvious is that Trump is scared that the recounts will show he lost. Whether they actually will or not remains to be seen, but he and his officials are making complete fools of themselves by contesting the recounts like this.Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
3607," Trump Has 2 New Candidates For Secretary Of State, And They’re Worse Than Everyone Else Combined","Someone isn t happy with the current possibilities for Secretary of State and is expanding the search. Apparently, there are two new candidates, and they aren t politicians. They aren t former or current military. They aren t everyday Joes. They aren t even Wall Street execs, but they might as well be. They re Big Oil executives.And they aren t just any Big Oil execs. One is Rex Tillerson, the current CEO of ExxonMobil, and the other, Lee Raymond, is the former CEO of ExxonMobil. ExxonMobil is our biggest oil giant.How bloody fantastic is that? Putting Big Oil in charge of the Department of State, arguably the most important cabinet position there is. There could be any number of reasons for this, but Trump s insistence that we should have taken Iraq s oil is one that comes to mind.That s not very likely, though. ExxonMobil is partnered with Rosneft, Russia s state-owned oil company. So ultimately, Putin is in charge of Rosneft and ExxonMobil is Putin s partner. It could be that Trump is trying to tie us more closely to Russia, and that seems far more plausible.It s also entirely possible Trump thinks he might be able to use the Department of State to further his own business interests if he nominates a CEO, although the CEO of an oil company isn t exactly who we d think of if this were the case. Not to mention that he d be putting someone in a position that could potentially be abused for the purpose of furthering their own business interests abroad.Tillerson supports the idea of man-made climate change, and ExxonMobil s position on the Paris climate accord is favorable. However, Tillerson also made more than $25 million last year, so there s another wealthy business insider to build that levee on Trump s swamp higher so it floods, rather than drains.Trump kicked off his victory tour today by saying  America first,  in an Indiana speech. Perhaps he s deluded himself into thinking that expanding his search for a Secretary of State to Big Oil executives is exactly that. However, it doesn t really mesh well with what everyday Americans thought he meant when he said,  America first.  It smacks of serious cronyism.Filling his cabinet with wealthy Wall Street financiers, CEOs, and Washington insiders is the polar opposite of what he campaigned on. There s no telling what an ExxonMobil CEO would do as Secretary of State. There s no telling whether he d even be able to do the job. Trump is either continuing to serve his own ends, curry favor somewhere, or he really is completely clueless.Watch a short report from Rachel Maddow on this below:MSNBC has learned that Donald Trump has expanded his secretary of state search to Exxon executives. https://t.co/QsxL5PG8Bq  Maddow Blog (@MaddowBlog) December 2, 2016Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
3608, Dems SLAM Trump For Racist Support And Kellyanne Conway Freaks Out,"Trump campaign manager and spin doctor, Kellyanne Conway, was directly confronted by Clinton staffers with the underhanded racial tactics the Trump campaign used in the 2016 election, and it didn t go well.Appearing at a joint post-election event at Harvard s Kennedy School of Government, Clinton s communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, was blunt and to the point about what Trump had done, telling the Trump camp,  I would rather lose than win the way you guys did! How exactly did we win, Jenn? How exactly?  Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway fired back, noting that  I have a smile on my face at all times. Palmieri proceeded to bash the Trump campaign and its chief executive (and Breitbart News honcho), Stephen K. Bannon, as a vehicle and emboldening power for America s  white supremacists and white nationalists. Are you gonna look me in the face and say I ran a campaign that was a platform for white supremacists?  Conway angrily responded.Palmieri told her, plainly, yes.Trump ran the most explicitly racist presidential campaign in nearly 60 years. He constantly attacked ethnic groups, launching his campaign in his New York City building by calling Mexicans  rapists.  He later called for a ban on Muslim entry to the United States, as well as a system to track Muslims as they moved through the country.Trump also courted white supremacists, giving them press credentials both for campaign events and the Republican National Convention. Former KKK leader, David Duke, endorsed Trump s run and adopted his campaign slogan. During one interview, Trump s response was to refuse to condemn Duke s support three different times.White supremacists also paid for pro-Trump robocalls via a super-PAC, saying they were attracted to his message of excluding non-whites from positions of influence in American life.Black people were alienated by Trump s approach as well, rejecting his characterization of black life as an existence solely in poverty, and under constant threat from gun violence.Featured image via Flickr",0
3609, Why Doctor Who Made Bizarre Race Rant Against Michelle Obama Can’t Be Fired,"A Denver, Colorado doctor under fire for a bizarre racial rant about First Lady Michelle Obama will probably keep her job anyway. Dr. Michelle Herren, who works at Denver Health Medical Center, had an anti-Obama meltdown on her Facebook page.Herren posted a photo of Michelle Obama yelling on Facebook. Under the photo, Herren wrote:  Doesn t seem to be speaking too eloquently here, thank god we can t hear her! Harvard??? That s a place for  entitled  folks said all the liberals! Herren then added,  Monkey face and poor ebonic English!!! There! I feel better and am still not racist!!! Just calling it like it is! Herren has a non-paid faculty appointment at CU School of Medicine, who announced that they would be terminating their relationship with the doctor. We are beginning the process to terminate Dr. Herren s faculty appointment,  Mark Couch, spokesman for the school, said Thursday.  She has expressed values that are at odds with ours and she has compromised her ability to meet the teaching and patient care mission of the School of Medicine. But her position at the Medical Center is likely to remain intact because her offensive comments were made outside of her workplace. They are also protected by her First Amendment rights because the hospital operates under the state, and government employees have the ability to make such comments outside of work.Dr. John Reilly Jr., the CU vice chancellor for health affairs, wrote a letter condemning Herren s smear:  Your comments and tone are harmful to the students we teach and the patients we care for. Your derogatory, insensitive remarks have resulted in harm to others in our community and beyond. For almost every day that she has been First Lady, conservatives have hurled a never-ending stream of hate and invective towards Michelle Obama. But despite the hatred, she has become one of the most popular and admired public figures in all of America. Many have signed petitions asking her to run for public office such as the Senate or even the White House, but she has said she wants to return to private life when President Obama leaves office.Featured image via YouTube",0
3610," Heads Up, NRA: Data Shows Opposition To Background Checks Has Killed DOZENS Of Cops","A police officer was shot and killed in Tacoma, Washington on Wednesday, which marks the 200th time that a police officer, or member of law enforcement, has been shot in 2016. According to data compiled by EverytownResearch.org, more than a quarter of those shootings were fatal   a total of 56 officers were killed and 203 were injured in these 200 shootings.The Huffington Post reported Thursday: Sixty-nine of these shootings have taken place in states with background-check laws on all handgun sales. These states employ 337,679 full-time sworn police officers. In states without these laws, which employ 299,355 officers, there have been 131 shootings of law enforcement officers.Twenty-one of the 25 states with the highest number of shooting incidents per police officer don t have background checks on all handgun sales, a HuffPost analysis shows.Seventy-five percent of the firearms used in this year s police shootings   151 total guns  were handguns. According to statistics compiled by the National Law Enforcement Memorial Fund, the total number of officer-related deaths are up from 2014 and have more than doubled from 2015, with Texas being the deadliest state for officers. In Texas alone, 18 officers have been shot and killed, including those who died tragically in the ambush in Dallas on July 7th. Day and night, police officers run toward danger to keep the rest of us safe, and this tragic milestone is a sobering reminder of the risks they face,  said John Feinblatt, Everytown s president.  We have to reduce those risks, and data shows that we can   by making it harder for criminals to get guns. It s long past time to close the dangerous loophole in our laws that lets criminals buy guns with no background check and no questions asked. Licensed gun dealers are required by Federal law to perform background checks on buyers, however, unlicensed dealers, such as individuals who sell weapons online or at gun shows, are not bound by the same Federal law, thus allowing anyone   regardless of their mental health or criminal history   to purchase firearms, endangering the lives of millions.Looking at this further, currently, only 18 states require background checks for handgun purchases and out of those, only 8 require universal background checks for all firearms. Out of those few states that require background checks, Everytown data shows that officers in those states are 48 percent less likely to be killed with handguns. That is astounding!The data strongly suggests that expanding background checks and enforcing them in all states would save countless lives, yet the NRA strongly opposes this insisting that laws don t stop criminals from getting guns. While there is SOME logic in this, a large percentage of shootings (not just officer related) were committed by licensed gun owners. A study done of four concealed carry states in 2016 showed that 302 shooting deaths were committed by licensed owners   74 in Florida, 51 in Texas, 33 in Ohio and 19 in Washington.The NRA refused to comment on these studies, stating that they needed  more information  about how the research was conducted, but Sarah Tofte, Everytown s research director, said the group is  confident  in its research methods. The factors that contribute to these shootings are complicated, and no single policy can explain all of the variation,  she told HuffPost.  That said, we know from other research that background checks do save lives, and states owe it to their first responders to do everything in their power to protect them. It s very clear and simple   if more states require universal background checks, the chance of police officer shootings will reduce by more than 50 percent. Gun reform needs to happen.Featured image via Getty/Stewart F. House/Stringer",0
3611, Racist Conservatives Lose Their Goddamn MINDS After Mall Of America Hires Its First Black Santa (SCREENSHOTS),"Typically, children view Santa as a magical bearded guy who brings them presents. Sometimes he s white, sometimes he s black, sometimes he s other races altogether   because he is a fictional character and he can be whatever is most appropriate to an individual. Unfortunately, this is not a concept that conservatives can accept, having grown accustomed to their familiar, chalky-faced representation of Santa Claus.After WCCO reported that a black Santa would be coming to Mall of America in Minneapolis, Minnesota, for the first time in history, Trump fans and other racist swarmed to show their displeasure with the fact that this Santa wasn t white as chalk. It s no big deal, I m still Santa, I just happen to be a Santa of Color,  Santa Larry Jefferson told the news station, noting that he was the only Santa of Color at a convention over the summer. Jefferson says that a child recently commented on his skin color, but in the end Santa is Santa to kids regardless of hue: It gives them something to identity with, but Santa is still just Santa. Just Saturday, I was doing an event, and one child said,  Santa, you re brown,  and I said,  Yes, I am, but Santa comes in many different colors.  He said,  Oh,  so I gave him a candy cane, he ran off with other kids. It s a pretty simple concept. Santa   a character based on a black man   can be purple with pink polka dots and a chrome finish on his wicked awesome spiked shoulder pads if one wishes, as long as he dumps presents in billions of childrens  living rooms by six am on Christmas morning. He s a magical creature who drives a sleigh pulled by flying reindeer   but some feel that appearing as a skin color beyond white is beyond the scope of his wicked awesome powers   namely, Trump voters who swarmed the comment section. FUKIN DISGUSTING,  one man wrote in traditional Republican ALLCAPS.  NIGERS ARE DESTROYING the NATION.  His solution to black Santas destroying the nation is to  EXTERMINATE the NIGER RACE  to save  HUMANS  from  MONGREL APES.  Another called for a  BOYCOTT  of Mall of America because  Santa is WHITE.  Others called it  offensive  to portray Santa   who, once again, is a character based on a black man from Turkey   as black. Another wondered why  these people-shaped apes  can t just  stick to their made-up kwanza ritual.               Unfortunately, this is the sort of shit we will be dealing with more and more as time goes on.Watch a report on Jefferson s hiring below:Featured image via screengrab",0
3612, Trump’s Possible DHS Pick Threatened To DESTROY Medical Examiner For Exposing Sickening Truth,"Sheriff David Clarke of Milwaukee County, Wisc., is possibly in line to become the next Secretary of Homeland Security. He s ruthless, he s extreme right, he s abusive, and he s just flat terrifying. Prisoners have died under his watch, too, for reasons such as labor and thirst. When the Milwaukee County medical examiner released standard reports on two of these deaths, Clarke absolutely lost it.Brian Peterson told the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel that Clarke called him at the end of October and  verbally pummeled him  because of those reports. He threatened to contact the state s medical licensing board to have Peterson s license revoked, or at least to get him sanctioned. Peterson said: I haven t been talked to like that since I was probably 5. Is this really someone we want in charge of an entire federal department? Someone who s going to threaten to destroy those who expose the truth about him? It s actually no wonder Trump would consider him   that s what Trump does. Eliminate anyone who makes you look even slightly bad.What s worse is that Peterson contacted the county s executive office about it a day later, and it came out that they aren t totally unfamiliar with Clarke s  bullying behavior.  This isn t an isolated incident.Clarke has excoriated Black Lives Matter as an anarchist group and a hate group, and predicted that they d join forces with ISIS at some point to destroy America. He s also a member of an extreme anti-government group known as the Constitutional Sheriffs and Peace Officers Organization, which should make him unfit to serve as Secretary of anything at all.That organization promotes the idea that  the county sheriff is the supreme law enforcement  entity in the country, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center.Clarke s office contacted the county executive s office to claim that they had a recording of the entire conversation and paint Peterson as a liar. But, surprise, surprise, they refused to provide it even though it could have cleared Clarke. Then again, nonexistent tapes can t clear anybody, so that answers that.This disgusting excuse for a law enforcement officer and human being is the one who should lose his job. Nobody should be allowed to abuse anyone, and Clarke is guilty of many, many abuses.Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
3613, Trump’s Pick For Treasury Tried To Take A 90-Year-Old Woman’s House Over 27 Cent Bill,"Donald Trump s choice for Treasury Secretary is a real life Ebeneezer Scrooge.Trump s pick of Steven Mnuchin to run the Treasury Department is literally letting the fox guard the hen house. It s also hypocritical and dangerous.Mnuchin was a partner at Goldman Sachs, a big Wall Street bank Trump often crucified Hillary Clinton for being cozy with, for 17 years. Furthermore, Mnuchin took advantage of the financial crisis in 2008 just like Trump did and made millions of dollars foreclosing on families  homes through his establishment of OneWest Bank during the collapse.And one foreclosure, in particular, makes it clear that ordinary Americans should not trust Mnuchin because he ll only serve himself instead of serving the people.According to Politico,Two years ago, OneWest filed foreclosure papers on the Lakeland, Florida, home of Ossie Lofton, who had taken a reverse mortgage, a loan that supplies cash to elderly homeowners and doesn t require monthly payments.After confusion over insurance coverage, a OneWest subsidiary sent Lofton a bill for $423.30. She sent a check for $423. The bank sent another bill, for 30 cents. Lofton, 90, sent a check for 3 cents. In November 2014, the bank foreclosed.In October, lawyers at the nonprofit Florida Rural Legal Services contested OneWest s foreclosure and asked the Polk County Circuit Court for a jury trial. I don t know that they re the worst, but I certainly think it s criminal the way these servicers are treating elderly homeowners,  said Lynn Drysdale, an attorney representing Lofton.Seriously?! This vulture literally tried to take an elderly person s home away from them over 27 cents. This is a guy who literally accrued an estimated net worth of $40 million at Goldman Sachs, yet he greedily refused to forgive 27 cents. Mnuchin could have just pulled a quarter and two pennies out of his pocket to cover the extra amount himself and he wouldn t have missed it at all. Targeting an elderly woman like that is just evil.And that s not the only evil thing Mnuchin has done to other people to line his own pockets.OneWest Bank withheld $14,332,160 from Sandy Hook victims when they needed the money the most to rebuild their homes and businesses. And after his bank merged with another to become CIT Bank, it was accused of discriminating against black and Latino customers.In short, Donald Trump is letting a vulture capitalist take the reigns of the Treasury Department and is doubling down on conservative economic policies that caused the Great Recession in the first place. So get ready for another crash over the next four years and don t expect the government to help anyone but themselves this time around.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3614, Trump Supporter Says Facts Don’t Exist And Gets Immediately SCHOOLED,"A Trump supporter proclaimed that there s  no such thing  as facts before getting humiliated by facts.During an appearance on NPR s The Diane Rehm Show, Trump mouthpiece Scottie Nell Hughes attacked facts and characterized them as lies the media, scientists, and liberals tell. Well, I think it s also an idea of an opinion,  Hughes said in response to The Atlantic s James Fallows  remark that Donald trump is peddling lies to gullible people. And that s   on one hand I hear half the media saying that these are lies, but on the other half there are many people that go, no, it s true. And so one thing that has been interesting this entire campaign season to watch is that people that say facts are facts, they re not really facts. Everybody has a way, it s kind of like looking at ratings or looking at a glass of half-full water. Everybody has a way of interpreting them to be the truth or not true. Hughes went on to say that there s no such thing facts and then turned around and said that only conservatives have facts to back up their claims. There s no such thing, unfortunately, anymore of facts. And so Mr. Trump s tweet amongst a certain crowd, a large   a large part of the population, are truth. When he says that millions of people illegally voted, he has some   in his   amongst him and his supporters, and people believe they have facts to back that up. Those that do not like Mr. Trump, they say that those are lies, and there s no facts to back it up. Hughes  comments did not sit well with Politico correspondant Glenn Thrush, who proceeded to school her. First I ve got to pick my jaw up off the floor here,  he began. There are no objective facts? I mean, that is   that is an absolutely outrageous assertion. Of course there are facts. There is no widespread proof that three million people voted illegally. It s been checked over and over again. We had a Pew study that took place over 15 years that showed people had more likelihood of being struck by lightning than voting illegally in an election. Facts are facts. I m sorry you don t like the facts. Indeed, while conservatives are using edited videos and things they heard on social media as proof of their claims, fact-checking organization Politifact did their homework and found exactly where Donald Trump got his claim that three million people voted illegally. It turns out he got it from conspiracy theorist Alex Jone s InfoWars, which got their numbers from some guy who claimed to be affiliated with VoteFraud.org. But there is no report from that organization and the guy refused to provide evidence to support his dubious claim, which was rated false by Politifact.So Hughes was talking out of her ass when she attacked facts. Thrush, on the other hand, was absolutely right. A comprehensive study of voter fraud found only 31 cases out of 1 billion votes cast from 2000 to 2014. Donald Trump is wrong. Conservatives are wrong. And Scottie Nell Hughes should be ashamed of herself.Featured Image: YouTube",0
3615, WATCH: Dumb*ss Trump Supporters Bewilder CNN Host With Delusions Of Illegal Voters,"Only supporters of Donald Trump could say something so stupid that a news anchor smacks their own head in frustration.When CNN host Alisyn Camerota organized a discussion with a bunch of Trump supporters, she apparently didn t expect the monumental stupidity she was about to receive.The group of Trump supporters, which included Susan DeLemus, Paula Johnson, and others whom Camerota has spoken to before throughout the 2016 Election, were totally ignorant of Trump s picks for his administration and repeatedly spouted falsehoods in order to defend him.DeLemus claimed that Trump only picked  top  people to fill his cabinet. People that I m looking at that Trump has appointed or nominated have all been top of the class, number one in their field, extremely talented, great leaders on their own,  she said.Of course, any reasonable person with a functioning brain understands that Trump has been scraping the bottom of the conservative barrel to fill government positions. After all, no one can say with a straight face that Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions is the best attorney in the country.And no one can say that Sarah Palin is even remotely qualified to be Secretary of anything, much less Secretary of Veterans Affairs. Trump s pick to run the Department of Education, Betsy DeVos, is staunchly anti-public schools and funds a group that wants to dismantle child labor laws because mining would be  exciting  for kids. In other words, she is definitely unqualified to shape the future of education in this country.But when the subject of protests against Trump came up, Camerota was flooded with idiocy spearheaded by Johnson. Voting is a privilege in this country and you need to be legal, not like California where three million illegals voted,  she claimed. Where are you getting your information?  a confused Camerota asked.Johnson claimed she got the information from the media, including CNN, which means Johnson probably took reports on Trump s tweet about 3 million people voting illegally for Hillary Clinton as the truth because the media reported on it.Johnson repeatedly insisted that California let 3 million undocumented immigrants vote and claimed that President Obama encouraged them to vote. All of the panelists agreed, with one even daring Camerota to  Google it  because it s on Facebook. Well, Camerota did and found that Fox Business deceptively edited a clip of President Obama to make it sound like he encouraged undocumented immigrants to vote when, in fact, he did not.But that didn t sway Johnson from continuing to insist that California allows undocumented immigrants to vote, which caused Camerota to smack her own head in frustration because the stupid was clearly strong in this one.Here s the video via YouTube.Seriously, Donald Trump claim about 3 million illegal voters has been thoroughly debunked and has been trashed by members of his own party because it is so absurd. This segment proves beyond a shadow of a doubt that Trump supporters are completely ignorant and have been brainwashed to believe anything that Trump says. And yet they wonder why they are constantly mocked.Featured image via screenshot",0
3616, The Internet Perfectly HUMILIATES Racist Breitbart For Boycotting Kellogg’s,"If you ever wondered what racist conservatives would like to eat for breakfast, Twitter has the answer.White nationalist website Breitbart is throwing a hissy fit because Kellogg s pulled advertising from the site to  ensure our ads do not appear on sites that aren t aligned with our values as set forth in our advertising guidelines. In other words, the cereal maker does not want their company associated with a racist sexist publication that spews hateful right-wing propaganda.And they can t be blamed for that. After all, companies like Kellogg s want to sell their products to as diverse a consumer base as possible and giving a racist company like Breitbart adverting dollars only alienates.So Breitbart decided to get revenge by declaring war on Kellogg s and calling for a boycott. You know, because conservative boycotts always work.Yeah, that was sarcasm. In reality, conservative boycotts rarely work. In fact, they are usually mocked relentlessly and humiliated. Breitbart definitely learned that overnight because Twitter users started a new hashtag and #BreitbartCereals has been trending ever since.The Fascist Monster cereals: Count Trumpula and Boo Bannon #BreitbartCereals  Carlos Pecciotto (@EEgreenbunny) December 1, 2016Hooded Bunches of Oafs #BreitbartCereals  Adam Stillman (@Stillyman11) December 1, 2016Children of the Corn Flakes#BreitbartCereals pic.twitter.com/i1RYbOOvBB  Christian Greco (@Jolly_Esquire) December 1, 2016Chex (and Balances are Gone) #BreitbartCereals  Portmanteau Jones (@SadlyCatless) December 1, 2016#BreitbartCereals Frosted Fake News  Michael K. Ferrante (@MKFerrante) December 1, 2016Corn-flicts of Interest #BreitbartCereals  Bo Lenerf (@BoLenerf) December 1, 2016Apple Jack Boots #BreitbartCereals  kara bishop (@AnaisNincompoop) December 1, 2016Republican Nut Bran #BreitbartCereals  LizMcNabb (@LizabethMcNabb) December 1, 2016Cocoa Stop-and Friskies #BreitbartCereals  Kirk (@WorkWithKirk) December 1, 2016#BreitbartCereals Tony the alt-Righter says  Thiiiiiiird REICH!  (((Jake Turk))) (@71djt) December 1, 2016#BreitbartCereals pic.twitter.com/l00It7umuq  Marcus Hawkins (@HawkinsUSA) December 1, 2016Special KKK: Start Your Day Alt-Right #BreitbartCereals pic.twitter.com/1ItBv4ibCu  Joshua Zitser (@mrjoshz) December 1, 2016Honey Bunches of A-Holes #BreitbartCereals  Boycott Trump SCION (@puppymnkey) December 1, 2016Honey Nut GestapOoos! So good, the Nazis will kick your door down for them!#BreitbartCereals pic.twitter.com/0918g8A7Wo  Nathan Ralph (@thenateralph) December 1, 2016Breitbart is literally trying to bully Kellogg s out of business simply because the company disagrees with them. Kellogg s decision to blacklist one of the largest conservative media outlets in America is economic censorship of mainstream conservative political discourse,  Breitbart whined.  That is as un-American as it gets. Except that it s not un-American at all. Just like Breitbart is exercising their right to be total dicks, Kellogg s is exercising their right to not associate with them. It s called the free market.Despite being humiliated, conservatives are already crowing because Kellogg s stock price coincidentally dropped after Breitbart called for a boycott. So those of us who hate racists should go out and support Kellogg s by buying their cereal and other products to make sure Kellogg s is rewarded for rejecting hate. Because if Breitbart is allowed to successfully bully Kellogg s into supporting them, they ll do it to other companies who also do the right thing.Featured image via Twitter ",0
3617, WATCH: Trevor Noah Takes White Grievance Queen Tomi Lahren To The Woodshed,"Don t compare Black Lives Matter to the KKK or Daily Show host Trevor Noah will rip you a new one. Just ask Tomi Lahren.White nationalist darling Tomi Lahren has frequently used her show on The Blaze to whine about and attack Black Lives Matter, going so far as to compare the organization to the KKK.Of course, unlike the KKK, Black Lives Matter protesters do not hide like cowards under sheets and they do not lynch people. They are also not racist like the KKK because Black Lives Matter is inclusive and works with law enforcement.It s true that some protesters go too far by rioting and looting, but most of the time they are unaffiliated with the group.So when Lahren appeared on the Daily Show for an interview with Trevor Noah on Wednesday night, the fireworks were sure to fly but Lahren was the one who got burned. For somebody who is not racist, you have to spend a lot of time saying  I am not racist,  Noah pointed out. Lahren responded by labeling Black Lives Matter as a group of cop killers who are violent and racist against white people just because of the actions of a few people who claimed to be with Black Lives Matter.Noah struck back by hitting Lahren with her own words.  You re the same person who argued on your show that just because Donald Trump has supporters from the KKK doesn t mean he s in the KKK,  he said.As Lahren tried to defend herself by trashing black people, the crowd repeatedly gasped in shock, including when Lahren said she doesn t see color. But she also claimed that a black man is  18.5 times more likely to shoot a police officer than a police officer is to shoot a black man. However, it should be pointed out that white people kill more police officers than black people do.Anyway, Noah quipped that Lahren must have trouble at traffic lights since she doesn t see color and went on to say that  how we treat color is more important. Noah then took Lahren to the woodshed for calling Black Lives Matter the  new KKK  by pointing out that the KKK still exists and that it s  incendiary  to make such a claim knowing the acts of terrorism and murder the KKK has committed.Lahren then blindly compared Black Lives Matter to the KKK again by blaming protesters for looting and burning before asking,  What did the KKK do?  which shocked the audience and Noah.  Did you say,  What did the KKK do?  Noah asked in disbelief.  Wow. Lahren then embarrassed herself by ranting about San Francisco quarterback Colin Kaepernick s refusal to stand during the national anthem and suggested that she s being criticized for attacking him because she is white. So because I don t disagree with what he did, I should shut up?  she asked Noah.  Because I m white so I should shut up? I shouldn t be able to talk about black issues  cause I m white? But again, Noah was able to humiliate Lahren with her own words. No one brought up whites at all I never said that. I don t see color. Here s the video via Vid Me.Tomi Lahren got her ass handed to her by Trveor Noah, so now we can expect her to whine about it on her show very soon because getting schooled by a black man who is also an immigrant must be hard for her fragile racist mind to accept.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3618, WATCH: Mike Pence’s Neighbors Troll Him With Gay Pride Flags On His Block In D.C.,"The bigoted vice-president-elect is being trolled by his new neighbors at his temporary residence. Rainbow flags are popping up on different houses on Gov. Mike Pence s block where he is renting a home before moving into the Vice-President s mansion, according to WJLA.One neighbor, Ilse Heintzen, has gay and lesbian friends and wanted to send a respectful message to Pence. A respectful message showing, in my case, my disagreement with some of his thinking,  said Heintzen. One neighbor suggested the idea so she and others ordered their own flags.Other neighbors, too, started hanging the pride flags in front of their homes after the VP-Elect moved in because of Pence s stance on the gay community. More residents are said to be joining the silent protest. I have no idea what [the Vice-President Elect] will think about, but I hope he will change his mind,  she said.As of now, there are about six gay pride flags adorning the block and more are on the way. This is one way that I can show my disagreement,  Heintzen added.Last year, the Indiana Governor signed a religious freedom law that could worsen discrimination against LGBTQ people. There was a backlash from business community, so Pence eventually signed an amendment to the law intended to protect gays and lesbians.Pence supported a constitutional amendment in 2006 that would have defined marriage as only between a man and a woman. In a speech, Pence said,  societal collapse was always brought about following an advent of the deterioration of marriage and family.  In addition, Pence said being gay a choice and believes keeping gays and lesbians from marrying was not a form of discrimination, but that it s  God s idea. Pence even opposed a law that would prohibit discrimination against LGBT people in the workplace but Donald Trump claims his administration will represent all Americans.So, that s only a few examples out of many as to why Pence was addressed by a concerned cast member of the musical Hamilton.Photo by Andrew Gombert via Getty.",0
3619, Republicans BETRAY Trump In Stunning Immigration Twist,"Immigration was one of the biggest, most divisive issues during President-elect Donald Trump s presidential campaign. Not only did he help spark more racism by calling Mexican immigrants  drug dealers  and  rapists,  but his constant promise to build a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border and deport undocumented immigrants was a threat that many of his supporters clung to.Now that Trump has won the election, he will actually have to try and deliver that ridiculous promise. Already, it looks like he will not only have to contend with resistance from the Democrats   he ll have to fight with the Republican Party as well! Politico reports that GOP Sens. Lindsey Graham and Jeff Flake are teaming up with Democrats to create legislation that would protect approximately 800,000 young undocumented immigrants from one of Trump s deportation schemes. In reference to Trump s threat to deport undocumented immigrants that were given protection and work permits under a 2012 executive order issued by President Barack Obama, Politico reported: But should Trump follow through on that promise, some key lawmakers on Capitol Hill want to make sure those protections stay in place for the immigrants who willingly gave personal information to the federal government and went through background checks. One big fear among advocates is that the Trump administration could use that personal information to track down the immigrants to deport them. Graham, who has been a massive critic of Trump since day one, commented on the legislation and said: The worst outcome is to repeal the legal status that these kids have. Whether you agree with them having it or not, they ve come out of the shadows. [The legislation is] going to be basically, if you have legal status, you ll continue legal status. I think it would pass overwhelmingly. Of course, we can t be sure that Trump will actually sign this into law when he s President, as this legislation likely won t be up for discussion until next year. Althought it goes against everything he s been saying in his campaign, Trump is notorious for his random flip-flopping. Maybe with enough pressure, he will abandon his promises (again).Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3620, New Analysis Finds SIGNIFICANT Voting Anomalies In Wisconsin – Recount To Begin Today,"It turns out that there are a few new reasons for Wisconsin to proceed with their recount, and they have nothing to do with Jill Stein s recount petition. Yes, she filed the petition and yes, she paid the fee, but the state needed to do this even without Stein s request. A new analysis in the Washington Post discovered significant voting anomalies in several wards.Trump now leads Hillary by just over 22,000 votes in Wisconsin. The WaPo analysis didn t look at precincts or counties   they looked at wards, which are the smallest unit where votes are counted. This helped create a more detailed picture of what s happening there.Walter Mebane, an associate researcher at the Center for Political Studies and a professor of political science and statistics at the University of Michigan, looked at small wards that used optical scanning technology, and found that certain features in the vote tabulations reveal the possibility that these counts were tampered with.For instance, using a method called  last digit diagnostics,  Mebane found that the tabulations he looked at should have last digits that, when averaged together, show a mean of around 4.5. Lower could mean that the counts were manipulated.In the small wards he looked at where optical scanning tech was used, the last digit diagnostics reveal a mean average much lower than 4.5.Another statistic Mebane looked at was how often the last digit of a vote tabulation was zero, or five. If there are no problems, then the mean average of that variable should be around 0.2. Larger could mean someone was sloppy, and smaller could mean votes were manipulated.In these small wards, that number was significantly smaller than .2 for Hillary, meaning that the vote counts show a last digit of zero or five far less often than they should.He also found evidence of something called  signaling  in the tabulations, which is when fraudsters leave a type of trail that more or less claims credit for the fraud. Mebane points out that this is actually a fairly common tactic amongst fraudsters in Russia.Finally, a simple test revealed something called  multimodality,  which could show that someone was receiving fraudulent votes. These small wards exhibited that anomaly, too.None of this is absolute proof of election fraud or vote fraud in Wisconsin, and Mebane is careful to note that. However, it gives credence to the need for a recount, whatever Jill Stein s motivations are. If nothing else, conducting a thorough recount will lend further legitimacy to our democratic process or concretely reveal problems that need to be fixed. It might also serve to weaken Trump s efforts to undermine our democracy by repeatedly crying  FRAUD!! FRAUD EVERYWHERE!! The recount begins today.Featured image by Darren Hauck via Getty Images",0
3621, Michigan Has Been Drug Testing Welfare Recipients; You Won’t Believe How Many Tested Positive,"The state of Michigan has, since the GOP takeover of 2010, been a petri dish for libertarian Republican policies, and nearly all of them have been complete and total failures.While most of the nation knows about the water crisis in Flint, Michigan, in which the town s residents are drinking lead-filled water because Republicans insisted on changing the source of Flint s water in a money saving exercise.There have been fewer headlines about another of Michigan s experiments. People who occasionally need help from the government have long been demonized by Republicans. It s assumed that somehow, just because someone is poor, they are somehow pulling something on the rest of us. Clearly, that makes no sense at all, but the stereotype lives on. Most predominantly, Republicans insist that poor people must, just must, have substance abuse problems, so before being given the most paltry sustenance possible, they must be tested. That s what Michigan is doing. They are drug testing some welfare recipients. Guess how many positive results came up? None, not a single one.This wasn t done on a particularly large scale. Republicans passed a new law two years ago that allowed the state to drug test any welfare recipients that might be suspected of drug abuse. After the law passed, Michigan did one intelligent thing: they tested it. For one year beginning in October of 2015, they tested 27 potential substance abusers out of 443 welfare recipients.DHHS conducted the pilot in Allegan, Clinton and Marquette counties between Oct. 1, 2015, and Sept. 30, 2016, the report said.Although a total of 443 people in those counties were either receiving or applied for cash assistance during those 12 months, previous court decisions limited the actual drug-testing to individuals who failed a substance-abuse screening test.The report said that 27 of the 443 people were identified as potential substance-abusers. Of those 27, 10 were already getting treatment through Community Mental Health, three had their cases closed for other reasons and 14 went through the screening test.Source: Michigan LiveOne of those tested  was found by a clinician to have a reasonable suspicion of use of a controlled substance and require a substance use test.  The person agreed to the test, but the case, for some reason, was closed prior to the test. Not a single other person even raised a red flag.These results are hardly surprising. In states where they have enacted drug testing for welfare recipients, the results have been similar.It s doubtful these results will do much. Republicans feel that poor people must be punished, that any assistance must be micromanaged, while corporate welfare needs no oversight whatsoever.In 2015, despite lack of evidence that programs in other states accomplished their goals, three more states have implemented similar regimes. And a ThinkProgress survey of the 10 states that now have these programs in place found that they continue to be expensive and not especially effective. All told, states spent another $850,909.25 on the testing regimes in 2015 to uncover just 321 positive tests in more than one state, none at all.This came after a February 2015 ThinkProgress examination of the seven states that had implemented drug testing programs for TANF applicants and/or recipients. At that time, those states had spent about $1 million to create and implement a complicated system of screening and urine testing and found just 407 drug users.In other words, this supposedly fiscally conservative position is not at all about saving money. It s expensive and punitive. But hey, it s Trump s America, where being an unscrupulous billionaire gets you the presidency and being legitimately poor labels you a criminal.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images",0
3622," Newt Gingrich Puts The WEIRDEST Spin On Trump’s Incessant, Shallow Tweeting","Trump has a serious lack of impulse control, particularly on social media. We ve known this forever, and it s to the point where some have begun calling for the media to return to real journalism and stop focusing on his damn tweets. Part of the reason so many feel we can t ignore them is because they represent a lack of control, and because they re the inner thoughts of a madman who thinks he s still a private citizen and can say what he wants.Newt Gingrich, one of Trump s biggest and most shameless fanboys, has a different idea and it s pretty wild. To Gingrich, Trump is intentionally using social media to manipulate what information gets out. He believes this is Trump s amazing creative skill at work: [The Apprentice] was a remarkably popular show [Trump] understands the value of tension. He understands the value of showmanship. And candidly, the news media is going to chase the rabbit. So it s better off for him to give them a rabbit than for them to go find their own rabbit. He s had them fixated on Mitt Romney now for five or six days. I think from his perspective, that s terrific. It gives everyone something to talk about.He does not think of this as chaos. He thinks of this as creativity. Gingrich went on to say how Trump has used social media to get regular Americans to attack the media for going after real issues. In other words, he believes Trump has come up with this amazing solution to the media exposing truths he doesn t want exposed. President-elect Trump s ability to communicate directly to the American people when he wants to through Facebook, through Twitter, through a variety of mechanisms that aren t traditional gives him an ability to communicate and build on majority unlike any president we have seen up until now and I suspect he will continue to use it.He is not going to fall into allowing the elite media to define who he is and allowing them to censor what the American people learned. Some think Trump is an egotistical nincompoop with onion-paper thin skin and no impulse control at all, and they re probably not wrong. Entire columns, like this one, have been devoted to his numerous, bizarre and vague statements on foreign policy, on climate change, on pretty much everything. They make Trump into a joke.Gingrich doesn t want people making Trump into a joke, so of course he s going to say that his crazy Twitter tirades are carefully calculated distractions that he crafted using his reality show expertise. There s probably no way to know for sure what Trump is up to, but we can say this: Some of his surrogates will spin any wild yarn at all to make him look like the smartest president we ve never had.And  largest majority?  I do not think that means what you think it means.Featured image by John Sommers II via Getty Images",0
3623, Trump Campaign Staffer Gets Convicted Of Election Fraud In Michigan,"This proves the need for a recount in Michigan.Donald Trump s team knowingly hired a man who committed election fraud in 2012 when they allowed Brandon Hall to work for the campaign in 2016.On Wednesday, the 27-year-old Trump supporter was convicted on ten counts of felony election fraud stemming from Hall s effort to help elect judicial candidate Chris Houtaling by forging signatures on a petition. Hall now faces up to five years in prison.The fact that Trump had a person on his team who has committed election fraud in the past spells out the need for a statewide recount and investigation to determine whether election fraud helped Trump win the state s 16 electoral votes. Donald Trump has made claim after claim calling the integrity of the election into question, but his Michigan campaign had no problem hiring a staff member facing election law charges,  Progress Michigan executive director Lonnie Scott said in a statement.  The fact that the Trump campaign and the Michigan Republican Party embraced Brandon Hall is just one more reason to recount and audit the vote in Michigan. Indeed, Michigan and federal authorities should start an immediate investigation and the Michigan state elections board should order a recount.This election is too important to the future of our nation to ignore the fact that Trump s team included a staffer who committed election fraud. It also calls into question Trump s ability to actually hire the best people for top jobs in our government, something he has already repeatedly proven that he is incapable of doing.For months, Trump claimed that the election is rigged but the fact is that his campaign hired a person who had prior experience at trying to rig elections.If Trump truly cares about election integrity, he will support a recount. And if he fights the effort, it only signals that there may be something he doesn t want election officials to discover.Featured Image: Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
3624, Trump Set To Rake In The Dough With MASSIVE Post-Election Tax Break,"Concerns about Trump s conflict of interest reached a new level with the announcement that the National Park Service is finalizing plans that will give one of his companies $32 million in tax subsidies for the hotel he put in D.C. s Old Post Office building. While it s true that he spent the morning tweeting about getting out of his business entirely, he will very likely get this break, which puts those millions in his pockets, before he actually divests (if he actually divests).Trump, Ivanka, and his two sons together own Trump Old Post Office, LLC., and the tax break comes from the  Historic Rehabilitation Tax Credits  program, which provides breaks to companies and investors that rehab historic properties.Ordinarily, this would be something we might mutter and mumble over, because really, does Trump need a tax credit of any kind? We might have muttered and mumbled a little louder if this had happened before he was elected, too. But now, with him actually being the president-elect, and the Park Service technically working for him even if not officially, there s a major problem.They just gave their new employer a break on his taxes.Trump s lease on the Old Post Office strictly prohibits  any elected official of the Government of the United States,  from participating. The General Services Administration would be wise to break their contract if Trump doesn t disappear from that hotel post-haste.A professor of government procurement at the George Washington University School of Law agrees that this is a massive conflict of interest: This is a classic or textbook example of a conflict of interest. The decision-maker here, the National Park Service, works for the party that stands to benefit from a favorable decision. Trump s announcement that he s going to divest himself of his business interests entirely does little to change this, because he s still insisting that his kids will run his empire for him. Generally, placing assets in a blind trust means turning them over to someone who has no direct involvement with you, let alone the relationship of parent and child.Divesting means getting out of them completely.Trump doesn t seem to have any intention of doing either, given that his children are top members of his transition team. He does plan to hold a news conference in two weeks where he ll supposedly give details of his divestiture. That will also give them time to actually figure out how to extricate him from all his businesses.That doesn t stop the fact that he s set to get a massive tax break very soon, possibly before he s fully divested (if that s even his plan). $32 million is not pocket change to the average American taxpayer, and it doesn t look good going into the president s own pocket.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3625, Kellyanne Conway Snaps At Teen Girl Who Asked Her How She Can Work With Groper Trump,"Someone finally asked Kellyanne Conway how she can look herself in the mirror every morning and work for Donald Trump.During an event sponsored by the University of Virginia s Center for Politics, high school student Maaike Laanstra-Corn asked Conway how she can  rationalize  working for Trump even after he bragged about grabbing women  by the p*ssy  and has been hit with multiple accusations of sexual assault.Rather than just own up that she s a disgrace to the female gender and a terrible human being who sold her soul to Satan, Conway whined about the question and scolded the student instead. Women are tired of the same argument and the same thing you are presenting to me right now,  Conway claimed according to The Hill. I m glad that people looked at [those attacks] and said,  You know what? That s an argument that will not create a single job in my community, not bring back a single of the 70,000 factories that have been closed, will not deter one member of ISIS from doing their bloodletting here or anywhere else in the world. In other words, Conway completely ignored that fact that her boss is a creep who sexually assaults women and gets away with it. And then Conway scolded her for asking a legitimate question. For you to use sexual assault to try to make news here I think is unfortunate, but it also doesn t matter because Donald Trump promised he ll be a president of all Americans. Yeah,  all Americans  who aren t black, Latino, Muslim, or female.Conway had a chance to give a serious answer to a serious question. Donald Trump s treatment of women should be taken seriously, not brushed off as irrelevant.But once again, Conway defended her boss by attacking a woman, something she constantly did during the campaign whether it was Hillary Clinton or all the women who came forward with their stories of how Trump violated them.She should have trouble sleeping at night.Featured image via screenshot",0
3626," This Female U.S. Senator Just Said What We’re All Thinking About Trump, And It’s PERFECT (TWEET)","If you couldn t figure out that Donald Trump was a scam artist and a fraud before the election, you re likely figuring that out now. And if you still haven t, just wait, you will soon.Throughout the course of Trump s campaign for the presidency he promised that he d bring change to Washington DC. That he would be the outsider to come in and save the day. Shake things up. Rattle the chains.By the end of Trump s campaign he even kept using the ridiculous bumper sticker-like slogan  Drain the Swamp  to describe what he would do the establishment politicians in DC and lobbyists. He campaigned on getting rid of politics as usual, but now we re learning, nope, he s just the same and he scammed everyone who voted for him.Calling this bulls*t out perfectly was none other than this badass female Senator from the great state of Missouri, Senator Claire McCaskill (D).Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO) (Photo by Astrid Riecken/Getty Images)In response to the repeated appointments of not only DC insiders to Trump s cabinet, but also Wall Street scam artists, Senator McCaskill tweeted: Anxious to find any swamp drainers in Trump cabinet nominees. So far all Wall Street and consummate DC insiders. #fillingswamp Anxious to find any swamp drainers in Trump cabinet nominees. So far all Wall Street and consummate DC insiders. #fillingswamp  Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) November 30, 2016And she s exactly right. Trump isn t  Draining the swamp  he s adding to it, as anyone with any foresight into Trump s scam artist ways could have told you long before he became the president-elect.Good on McCaskill for calling Trump s BS out where no one else seems to want to. He still the scam artist and fraud we always knew he was and is only in this for his self-interests and the interests of his corporate cronies.Featured Photo by Steve Pope/Getty Images",0
3627," Baltimore Teacher Breaks 7-Yr-Old’s Jaw For Being ‘Disruptive,’ Throws Child Into Wall (VIDEO)","An assistant elementary school teacher from Baltimore is facing abuse charges after he threw a 7-year-old boy into a wall, breaking his jaw, all because the child was being  disruptive. Lateekqua Jackson and Trayvon Grayson Sr. say their son, Trayvon Grayson, was assaulted by an assistant teacher at City Springs Elementary/Middle School on Monday. My son told me that [the teacher] threw my son into a wall,  Jackson explained.  My son had dreams about it all last night. He s still shaking in his sleep, saying that he keeps having visions of [the teacher] throwing him into a wall. Jackson said that her son s jaw was broken and two of his teeth were knocked out in the violent assault.Timothy Randall Korr, who is employed by the Baltimore Curriculum Project charter operation, has been identified as the child s abuser. Korr claims that the child was being  disruptive  and said he was taking the boy to the principal s office when the attack occurred, which he described as  a mistake. The teacher told me that he put him over his shoulder, and when he put him down he was bleeding,  Jackson recalled.  That s it. How can you tell somebody like that? He said he made a mistake. He said,  I made a mistake. It was a mistake.  That s what he said. Child abuse detectives got a warrant for Korr s arrest after watching the disturbing footage of the appalling incident that had been caught by a security camera. On Wednesday, the Baltimore Curriculum Project announced that Korr had been fired. We are heartsick that this child suffered this injury,  the group said in a statement.  We pray for his complete and quick recovery and for his family as well. Korr has been charged with 1st and 2nd-degree child abuse, 1st and 2nd-degree assault, reckless endangerment and neglect of a minor.Watch more on this sickening story here: Featured image via video screen capture",0
3628, Trump Royally F*cks Veterans By Considering Sarah Palin For Secretary Of Veterans Affairs,"America s village idiot could soon be in charge of taking care of America s veterans.Donald Trump has been stocking his administration with racists and extremist government insiders but their collective IQ is not low enough apparently, so he is considering picking Sarah Palin as the next Secretary of Veterans Affairs despite the fact that she has zero experience running a department, has never been in the military, and quit her last government job halfway through her term.ABC News reports that Trump is seriously considering Palin for the post.NEW: Sarah Palin under consideration for Secretary of Veterans Affairs, sources tell @ABC News.  @shushwalshe  ABC News Politics (@ABCPolitics) November 30, 2016And yes, the Internet was horrified by this news..@ABCPolitics Like a bad dream.  Ben Simpson (@bensmp) November 30, 2016@ABCPolitics @ABC @shushwalshe as a veteran I find this insulting  Samuel Collie (@Dogboy48) November 30, 2016@ABCPolitics @ABC @shushwalshe How about an actual Veteran in charge of the Department of Veterans Affairs  ConservativeCO (@DENVERSMKC) November 30, 2016@ABCPolitics @ABC @shushwalshe Someone please tell her it s Veterans not Veterinarians.  Truth Hertz (@umussbekidding) November 30, 2016@ABCPolitics @ABC @shushwalshe @realDonaldTrump if this is true, don t do it. Veterans will revolt. Keep Palin away from the VA!  Sarge (Retired) (@devildogplt2006) November 30, 2016@ABCPolitics @ABC @shushwalshe Veterans will suffer even more PTSD under batshit crazy.  Barbara Cooper (@socal_paralegal) November 30, 2016@ABCPolitics @ABC @shushwalshe Sarah Palin can t even run her own house! #notmypresident  @ K e v i a 0 4  (@NastyResister) November 30, 2016Our veterans deserve someone who can actually do the job, not a quitter who has no idea what she is talking about most of the time.Sarah Palin is totally unqualified to have any job in our federal government and Donald Trump is irresponsible for considering her for the post. This woman couldn t even handle being the Governor of Alaska, so appointing her to head one of the biggest departments in our government is absolutely crazy.By considering Palin, Trump isn t proving that cares about veterans, he is demonstrating how much he doesn t give a shit about them.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3629, White Man Dedicates His Racist Attack To Trump While Beating Hispanic Man (IMAGE),"Immediately after Donald Trump won the election, Americans saw a rise in harassment and hate crimes at the hands of his angry, privileged supporters. Unfortunately, these bigotry-fueled attacks haven t died down since the post-election chaos, and Trump supporters are still leaving their mark on this country in the most vile of ways.Recently, a white Trump supporter in Florida was charged with battery for attacking a Hispanic man. As if that wasn t disturbing enough, the man personally dedicated the attack to his President-elect, putting into perspective just how dangerous Trump s divisive campaign rhetoric was.According to the police report, Caleb Joseph Illig drove into the parking lot at a Gate Food Post store in Gainsville at around 1:10 a.m. The victim, Pablo Echevarria, had been cleaning the parking lot when he was brutally attacked by Illig, who shouted  Let s Trump down  as he started punching Echevarria in the back of the head. When Echevarria asked Illig why he was being attacked, Illig uttered these terrifying words: This is for Donald Trump. According to the charging document, Echevarria didn t fight back and instead tried to prevent further injury by using  evasive movements. Echevarria was rescued from further attack when another employee got involved and Illig fled. After the attack, Echevarria told police that he was experiencing pain in the back of his head and neck, although it is not clear if he was treated for these injuries.When police checked the security cameras to check Echevarria s claims, they found that the footage clearly shows [Illig] striking [Echevarria] in the back of the head, and completely corroborates the [victim] and [witness ] accounts of the incident. When Illig was confronted about the incident, he told police officers that he had no recollection of the incident whatsoever  and tried to blame his disgusting behavior on a mental disorder and alcohol. He has only been charged with simple battery.Noting that this was a politically-motivated hate crime, Officer Ben Tobias commented on the effects of the election on the community: Just looking at election results, the community is divided almost 50/50. It s not just here in Gainesville. I d like to think we re doing better, but we re having our own problems crop up. People like Illig are everywhere now, and they re not afraid to be openly racist now that Trump has given them their voice. This is what Trump meant by  Make America Great Again , and it is terrifying.Featured image via Facebook",0
3630, Breaking: Dems Keep Progressive Bent In All-Important Leadership Election (DETAILS),"Nancy Pelosi has been the leader of the House Democrats for a very long time, and she is well-respected. However, in the wake of the shellacking the Democrats took during this election, there were strong rumblings that our party needs new leadership, and Rep. Tim Ryan (D-OHIO) thought he was the man to unseat Pelosi. That turned out not to be the case, though, and Pelosi retained her leadership position.Pelosi will be flanked by powerful House Democrats such as Rep. Jim Clyburn (R-SC) and Rep. Steny Hoyer (D-MD) in her efforts to gain seats for the midterms. She was also backed by the powerful Congressional Black Caucus. Many may argue that these are the reasons she won with 68 percent of the vote, but there are things folks do not generally know about the largely unknown Rep. Tim Ryan.This anonymity on the part of Rep. Ryan is important for a number of reasons. While, yes, Pelosi is a member of the Democratic old guard, she s also much more progressive than Tim Ryan could ever hope to be. Rep. Ryan has only been pro-choice for a little over a year, and it took a personal situation of his wife having a child that had potential problems to make him recognize the government should not be making those kinds of difficult and deeply personal decisions. It s just like what hypocritical Republicans do   they want to control everyone else s decisions in this area, but when it comes to their own lives, they do as they please. It s the ultimate in hypocrisy.This is unacceptable, as it really seems to be a matter of political convenience; after all, Democrats have been a pro-choice party for a very long time. If you re not pro-choice, you re not a real Democrat. You simply can t be. We re the party that fights FOR women s rights. We don t need anti-woman neanderthals in our ranks.Also, Pelosi is battle tested against the extremism of the House Republicans. We know that she will stand up to the bigoted agenda of the likes of Paul Ryan and his cronies. She won t let them strip away the rights of women, racial minorities, religious minorities, LGBTQ people, or anyone else. She also will not allow them to privatize medicare, deregulate the big banks, destroy Elizabeth Warren s Consumer Protection Bureau, or do any of the other horrific things the GOP is salivating over as we speak.Rep. Ryan, you had a good run, but I, for one, am glad that we have Nancy Pelosi heading things up for the American people in these troubled times.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
3631," Trump SURRENDERS, Admits His Business Is A Conflict of Interest","Donald Trump is finally dealing with the massive conflict of interest that has been drawing outrage for weeks now.In yet another early morning round of tweets on Wednesday, Trump conceded that his business is a conflict of interest and announced that he is fixing this problem by drawing up legal documents to remove himself  in total  from it to focus on the presidency. I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  Trump wrote.  While I am not mandated to do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President, to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task! I will be holding a major news conference in New York City with my children on December 15 to discuss the fact that I will be leaving my   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 30, 2016great business in total in order to fully focus on running the country in order to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! While I am not mandated to  .  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 30, 2016do this under the law, I feel it is visually important, as President, to in no way have a conflict of interest with my various businesses..  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 30, 2016Hence, legal documents are being crafted which take me completely out of business operations. The Presidency is a far more important task!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 30, 2016In the last two weeks since Election Day, Trump has faced sharp criticism for having foreign business ties in Russia and other nations, continuing to meet with foreign business partners, and for having his daughter Ivanka, who is supposedly going to be in charge of the Trump business empire, in the room with him during meetings with foreign leaders. This represents a massive conflict of interest because Trump could use the presidency to enrich himself and his business at the expense of American policy and national security.But just because Trump says he is doing something doesn t mean we should take his word for it. Whatever legal documents he draws up should be scrutinized thoroughly not only for the sake of transparency but to make sure he hasn t hidden some tricky language that makes his stated intention meaningless.Make no mistake, Trump cannot be trusted, even if it seems like he is starting to do the right thing.Featured Image: Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3632, Bernie Sanders Gets Brutally Honest On ‘Conan’ About Trump’s Tweets (VIDEO),"Bernie Sanders appeared with Conan O Brien on Tuesday night. The segment of the show was hardly funny, but it didn t matter. It was about the frightening fact that the President Elect of the United States has the self-control of a toddler with an intellectual sophistication to match, and an apparent desire to totally destroy our democracy.The first tweet Conan and Bernie talked about was this one:In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016Sanders correctly pointed out that the argument is ridiculous, and beyond that, dangerous. First of all, it s delusional. It s totally insane,  Sanders said. But what s even  scarier  in his view is that Trump is  sending a signal to Republicans all over this country,  urging them to  suppress  the votes of poor people, people of color, immigrants and others who might vote against them.  My own view is we have got to work overtime to bring more people into the political process, not make it harder for people to participate. Source: The Daily BeastThen, there was this tweet:Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag   if they do, there must be consequences   perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2016Bernie acknowledged, after saying that there were far more important issues than flag burning, that that too is a  hidden message, and that is be careful if you are prepared to dissent. We re watching you,  is the message, even though the Supreme Court ruled that flag burning is free speech. I worry about the future of this country,  Sanders said, especially given the fact that the cornerstone of the president-elect s campaign was  bigotry  against Mexican-Americans, Muslims, and other groups.Here s the video:We hear you, Bernie. Everyone with a modicum of intelligence is worried for the future of this country, and frankly of the planet, under a Trump presidency. While Bernie is right that Trump s tweets hint at his dictatorial leanings, we shouldn t let his tweets distract from Trump s actual dictatorial moves and the fact that the swamp Trump claimed to want to drain is being filled with the dirtiest water in the country.Featured image via video screen capture.",0
3633, A Growing Coalition Of Electors Is Working Feverishly To Stop Trump,"There are all kinds of pushes designed to stop Trump from officially taking office in January. There s a petition on Change.org with over four million signatures calling on electors to make Hillary president. A recount effort is underway in three crucial battleground states. There are calls for investigations into his conflicts of interest, which could be unconstitutional and could prevent him from legally taking office.And now, a group of electors has gotten together to start raising money for  a three-week mad dash to stop Donald Trump s election.  It s true that these are Democratic electors, but their goal is to successfully lobby enough of their Republican counterparts to put someone ahem sane into the White House.The group is calling itself the Hamilton Electors, presumably after founding father Alexander Hamilton. Hamilton described both the need and the purpose of the Electoral College in  Federalist No. 68  as the following: [The Electoral College] affords a moral certainty, that the office of President will never fall to the lot of any man who is not in an eminent degree endowed with the requisite qualifications. Trump is eminently unqualified for the office of the president, and yet he won the necessary electoral votes. Therefore, if we look at what Hamilton said, our electors are obligated to reject Donald Trump and choose someone else.It s not yet clear what the Hamilton Electors will actually do with the money they raise, but their endgame is clear: Stop Trump in any legal way possible. They have already registered a 527 non-profit organization, and Colorado Democratic elector Michael Baca and his compatriots are looking to replace Trump with a more mainstream Republican.Wait, what? Why a mainstream Republican? Because as much as it should go to Hillary given the popular vote totals, the electors they have to convince to reject Trump are never going to do it if their alternative is a Democrat, and especially if it s Hillary. A mainstream Republican, such as John Kasich, is an alternative that many Republicans could probably get behind. This, however, means convincing Democratic electors in addition to Republican electors.Someone like Kasich could do a lot to halt the progress we ve made over the last 8 years, but he s sane, at the very least. He also won t be flying off the handle on Twitter at every single last perceived slight. He has his problems, but at least we can be reasonably sure the country will survive to see 2020.Under Trump ? There s a lot less of a guarantee, especially with Congressional leaders signaling that they re ready to work with him. And, as some are pointing out, the electors have an obligation to ensure that we don t put a demagogue into the White House. And there is currently no law or precedent preventing the College from choosing its own candidate.There have been no overt signs that Republican electors will get behind the Hamilton Electors, however, the Democratic coalition says they re getting through to at least some of them. Even a split vote, where Trump doesn t get 270 electoral votes on Dec. 19, might help because that would send it to Congress and they d have the final say.Unfortunately, they d probably choose Trump anyway.If someone else, like Kasich, Mitt Romney, or another mainstream Republican managed to get 270 electoral votes, there would likely be some serious problems. That s particularly true for Trump voters, the RNC, and Congress. The chances that the Hamilton Electors will succeed in their efforts are slim, but at least we have a group in the Electoral College that s trying.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
3634, Major Advertiser DROPS Breitbart For Racist Content,"Breitbart News, the right wing hate site that has been a huge booster of Donald Trump s campaign suffered a setback this week as major advertiser Kellogg s announced that they would no longer give their ad dollars to them.Kellogg s explained itself in a press release to Bloomberg: We regularly work with our media-buying partners to ensure our ads do not appear on sites that aren t aligned with our values as a company. We recently reviewed the list of sites where our ads can be placed and decided to discontinue advertising on Breitbart.com. We are working to remove our ads from that site. Breitbart is also connected to Trump through incoming White House counselor Steve Bannon, who served as the site s CEO. Bannon described Breitbart as the  platform for the alt-right,  using the public relations term for white nationalist anti-immigrant beliefs.Several Democratic senators and members of congress have expressed concerns about Bannon s ties to the site and the white nationalist message it promotes, arguing that these beliefs should not get the blessing of a senior member of White House staff on the public payroll.Over the years, Breitbart has pushed racist and Islamophobic content in order to further its right wing agenda. Founded by conservative activist Andrew Breitbart (who died of a heart attack), Breitbart has gleefully spread and popularized hateful content pandering to a conservative audience.In addition to the previously mentioned content, Breitbart has also embraced content attacking women s rights and has mocked gay rights. Several Breitbart writers and contributors are notorious for spreading hate, a stance which has not prevented Republican election officials from contributing op-eds to the site and appearing as interview subjects.Kellogg s is not the first advertiser to drop Breitbart for its hate ties, as other companies have severed their relationships rather than be connected to the content coming out of the gutter.Featured image via YouTube",0
3635, Watch Mitt Romney Totally Humiliate Himself In Front Of Trump (VIDEO),"Mitt Romney got a lot of praise and a lot of headlines this past year when he came out and attacked Donald Trump s presidential campaign, and made himself the de facto head of the  Never Trump  movement. But now he has completely humiliated himself by sucking up to Trump after the election, first appearing to him to beg him for the Secretary of State job, then going out to dinner with Trump and RNC chairman Reince Priebus in New York.After dining with the man who made fun of him at every turn for months on end, Romney appeared without his dignity after the meal to heap more praise on Trump:WATCH: @MittRomney addresses reporters following dinner with President-elect @realDonaldTrump. #Breaking #KellyFile pic.twitter.com/eWakmDTnuU  Fox News (@FoxNews) November 30, 2016Romney s decision to humiliate himself and his family name (his father Gov. George Romney marched with Martin Luther King) is a disgusting moment in American politics, and shows once again that the moral outrage demonstrated by  Never Trump  was as phony as a three dollar bill.And perhaps it shouldn t be surprising. When Trump was best known in politics for pushing the racist birther conspiracy, it was Mitt Romney who first elevated his stature in mainstream Republican politics. Against advice from his team and against good taste, Romney held an event in 2012 where Trump endorsed him and the two men stood on stage together, slapping each other s backs.Later in the campaign, when Trump was pushing conspiracy theories about Obama s college record, Romney also enlisted Trump to cut advertising for him in the form of robocalls to help get out the vote.So Romney going to Trump, on bended knee in front of cameras from the international and national press, is just another chapter in the story of once-powerful men humiliating themselves in front of a clown, abandoning whatever little shred of principles they had left, just to get a sip of the power. Gross.Featured image via Twitter",0
3636," If Trump Had Known About This Nixon Era Law, He Wouldn’t Have Run For President","Throughout the election, Donald Trump s tax returns have remained a mystery. He said he d release them if he won, but so far, crickets. It s not a giant leap to imagine that Trump has something either incriminating or simply something bad in his taxes. Would Trump have run for president if he knew a little known law that makes every single presidential tax return go through an automatic audit?The last time we had a known tax evader in office was during the Richard Nixon administration. His Vice President, Spiro Agnew, was forced to resign in 1973 after pleading guilty to tax evasion. Nixon himself was twice audited by the IRS. In 1974, he had to pay $465,000 worth of back taxes for a three year period.After that, Nixon made all his tax returns public. Since then, all but Gerald Ford, and now Trump, have. The IRS even passed a law requiring that all sitting presidents and vice presidents are audited every year. The requirement for mandatory audits of the tax returns of the president and vice president dates back to the Watergate era in the 1970s,  the IRS said in a statement to McClatchy, noting that non-partisan career employees adopted the requirement.  Since then, this provision has remained in place during both Republican and Democratic administrations as well as under IRS Commissioners appointed by both parties. Source: McClatchyBefore you get too excited, the law also specifically outlines how the President s and Vice President s taxes are handled: in special orange folders, in a secure area and with confidentiality. In other words, if Trump isn t breaking laws, we still won t be able to see his tax returns.There is a chance that Trump could get the law overturned: I don t believe there is anything that would prevent the president from   instructing that this precautionary measure of the IRS audits be rescinded,  said Norman Eisen, who as special counsel to the Obama White House during the first term put in place new ethics guidelines.  He could theoretically do it. Trump could even go beyond having that law overturned. Many Republicans want to abolish the IRS altogether, which is a stupid idea, one which would surely bankrupt the country, but Donald Trump has shown himself to be thin-skinned and completely self-interested. If he has a beef with the IRS, the Republican Congress could be sympathetic.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3637," The Ladies Of ‘The View’ Call Trump EXACTLY What He Is, And He’ll HATE It (VIDEO)","Tuesday morning on The View, the panel discussed Donald Trump s latest Twitter rant which included saying that people who burn the American flag should face consequences, including either a loss of citizenship or time in jail.Here s the tweet:Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag   if they do, there must be consequences   perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2016The big problem with that is the fact that, albeit burning the flag can be seen as incredibly disrespectful, citizens are free to do so. In fact, it is protected under the First Amendment of the United States Constitution. It is a form of free speech and dissent, in fact, patriotic.The ladies of The View brought up this very point, and resident lawyer Sunny Hostin brought up the fact that these comments made by Trump reek of a dictatorship.Trump needs to realize that you don t have to agree with everything a person does or says, if it is within compliance of the law, it is not illegal and thus a punishment cannot be given. The moment you start giving out punishments based on personal opinion and not the law you are getting into the very scary realm of a dictatorship.The United States was founded on freedom, and part of that freedom is the freedom to protest. Trump needs to get that into his head.Watch the panel discuss Trump here:.@Sunny says Trump s tweet about repercussions for burning the American flag  reeks of a dictatorship.  What s your take? pic.twitter.com/jpLQi3ijxi  The View (@TheView) November 29, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
3638, George Takei BURIES Trump With Perfect Response To Tweet About Jailing Flag Burners,"Donald Trump attacked the First Amendment on Tuesday and George Takei clobbered him for it.Trump called for jailing Americans who burn the flag, and suggested they be stripped of their citizenship as further punishment.Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag   if they do, there must be consequences   perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2016Burning the flag is a form of expression that is protected by the Constitution. The Supreme Court has ruled that way twice, and that included support from Justice Antonin Scalia, whom conservatives often hail as a hero.Trump s tweet immediately drew massive condemnation from people on both sides of the aisle. Even Fox legal analyst Andrew Napolitano blasted Trump for his blatantly unconstitutional statement.But Trump also pissed off someone else.George Takei also went after Trump. And his perspective on the subject gives him far more standing on this subject than Trump will ever have.I pledged allegiance to the flag every morning inside an internment camp. I would never burn one, but I d die to protect the right to do so. https://t.co/O5ecSQkyC2  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 29, 2016If anyone had reason to burn a flag it s George Takei. He never did so, but that was his choice. Despite this, he is still defending people who choose to burn it because it s freedom of expression. And Takei actually made another point. There are people who have been mistreated under our flag in this country. Taking away their right to express their anger would only marginalize people and that is not right.Takei wasn t done though. He posted another tweet later reminding Trump that he is responsible for protecting and defending the Constitution now, so he better do his damn job.Mr. Trump, one of your sacred duties as President will be to uphold the Constitution. That means honoring and protecting free speech.  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 29, 2016A lot of people may find the act of burning the flag reprehensible and that s their right. But there are also those who see burning a flag as a message to the government in opposition of a policy or a lack of action to fix an issue. Silencing this form of expression would be tyrannical. If Trump is allowed to take away this form of freedom of speech, nothing stops him from taking away other freedoms as well. At that point, we might as well rip up the Constitution.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3639, A Trump Fanboy Just BLASTED Trump’s Tweeting: ‘It Makes You Wonder What Else He’s Doing’,"It s expected that Trump s critics would get on his case for lying about massive election/voter fraud   there s simply no evidence of it. One might expect even the most supportive Republicans to jump on him for that too, since they re all about upholding our democracy, and making claims of massive fraud in an election undermines public confidence in democracy. They re suspiciously silent, though, except for a few.Surprisingly, one of those few is one of Trump s biggest fanboys, Newt Gingrich. He s spoken out against Trump before, sure, but not very often, not very loudly, and not like this: The president of the United States can t randomly tweet without having somebody check it out, It makes you wonder about whatever else he s doing. It undermines much more than just a single tweet. So I d say that s probably the biggest single thing he s done wrong.  [emphasis mine]No, we re not fans of Newt Gingrich, but we are fans of this because he s right: It does make you wonder what Trump is doing that none of us can see. What he s cooking up behind the scenes. How he really sees the world, which has been a point of endless speculation. Things of that nature.Nobody else put it this way, though. Other critics were more conventional in their criticism of Trump s tweet about election fraud. They re saying he needs evidence before making that claim, which is also true. Lindsey Graham, one of Trump s most vocal and vicious critics despite also being a Republican, blasted the specific nature of that tweet: You are now the president-elect of the United States. If you really believe that millions of people voted illegally, you should have some proof. Because your voice is not just an ordinary voice. However, others, including John McCain, just said they weren t going to weigh in on this. John Cornyn of Texas even said he s got bigger things to worry about, and from his point of view, that very well may be true. However, it s important to note that Trump actively undermined the people s faith in democracy all through his campaign by crying that everything was rigged against him.In doing that, he made us vulnerable to becoming a dictatorship, the one thing Republicans seem to fear the most. That s what makes this important.Now that he s won, none of that none of the recount efforts, nor the popular vote should matter much to him. But there he is, on Twitter, bitching up a dark, smelly cloud about election fraud to try and bolster his own political legitimacy when it all should be tiny potatoes to him now. That can be a characteristic of an autocrat.Gingrich believes Trump shouldn t stop tweeting, but should put someone between him and his Twitter account to avoid things like this. That s to be expected   no matter what Trump does, Gingrich is still totally and blindly enamored of him (and it s getting kinda creepy, actually). But to speak to the national press, and say openly and publicly that Trump is actively working to destroy America s (ahem) confidence in him, is pretty huge for a fanboy.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
3640, Trump LIVID After His Twitter Attacks HELP ‘Hamilton’ Break Broadway Sales Record (TWEETS),"It was just a few weeks ago that President-elect Donald Trump repeatedly attacked the cast of Broadway show Hamilton for giving a respectful speech about equality and diversity to his Vice President, Mike Pence. Despite the fact that Pence was not offended and did not want an apology, Trump railed against the cast for days, causing his rabid supporters to call for a boycott.It turns out, Trump and his supporters got a brutal reality check today. Hamilton, the Broadway show that Trump called  overrated  in one of his tweets, just broke a record for ticket sales. Guess the #BoycottHamilton movement didn t really have the effect Trump and his minions had hoped!TwitterHamilton shattered the Broadway record for the most money made in a single week, selling $3.3 million in tickets. The last time any Broadway show came close to this was in 2013, when Wicked sold $3.2 million in a nine-show week. Hamilton only had eight shows, and it still surpassed Wicked. And that s not all. According to the New York Times, whom Trump also attacks regularly, this also happened: [Hamilton] set a record for the highest premium ticket price charged by a Broadway box office   $998   although some people have paid more buying tickets from resellers. TwitterTwitterIt just goes to show that although Trump, Pence and their moronic supporters want to set this country back several decades, that s not what the majority of the country wants. When the Hamilton cast spoke about freedom, diversity, and equality, those are the values that resonate with most of us. The outpouring of support that Hamilton has received since the #HamiltonBoycott proves that the majority of the country does not agree with Trump (after all, he lost the popular vote by MILLIONS) and his bigotry has no place in America.Featured image via Alex Wong and Facebook",0
3641, Trump’s Attorney General Pick Thinks Kids With Disabilities Are Dragging Public Schools Down,"Yes, you read the title correctly. Trump s pick for attorney general has seriously said that children with disabilities attending public schools are the problem with America s education system.In May 2000, Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-Ala.), gave a speech about the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act on the floor of the Senate. He argued that one of the main reasons public schools in America are failing miserably at educating our children is because kids with disabilities have been mainstreamed. We have created a complex system of federal regulations and laws that have created lawsuit after lawsuit, special treatment for certain children, and that are a big factor in accelerating the decline in civility and discipline in classrooms all over America. I say that very sincerely,  Sessions said.Sessions insisted that he had received letters from teachers all over the country who said they weren t allowed to properly discipline troubled or disruptive students because of the Disabilities Education Act. We have children we cannot control because of this federal law,  he said.As the Huffington Post explains: The law, which passed in 1975, was enacted to protect children with disabilities from the school administrators that Sessions cited. It required schools to grant students with disabilities an education in a general classroom when possible, and encouraged the parents of those children to be more intimately involved in their education. The legislation, which has been reformed various times since, is credited with providing millions of children with mainstream public school access and support. Sessions could care less that education advocates, even from his own state, have made it clear that the only way they have been abe to get fair treatment for disabled students is through federal regulations and the threat of lawsuits.According to Candace Aylor, a veteran parent advocate and appointee to Texas  health commission s Behavioral Health Advisory Committee, Session s arguments are not only nauseating, they are heartless and misguided. If he doesn t recognize the need for schools to be required to provide a free and appropriate public education to all students regardless of disability what kind of society does he intend for us to live in?  she said.  What should we do? Should we put them in asylums again? How far back in history should we go? Are they not worthy? Are they defective in his mind? It isn t likely that Trump gives a hoot that his choice for attorney general thinks we should keep children with disabilities hidden in a back room and not waste our precious time educating them. After all, Trump himself thinks it is perfectly acceptable to mock people with disabilities.Featured image via Active For Life",0
3642, WATCH: Fox Legal Analyst DESTROYS Trump For Wanting To Punish Flag Burners,"When Fox News host Stuart Varney bragged about Donald Trump wanting to imprison and strip citizenship from Americans who burn the flag, Fox legal analyst Andrew Napolitano smacked both of them down HARD.In a tweet posted around 4am on Tuesday, Trump literally called for punishing people who burn the American flag despite the fact that it s a form of expression protected by the First Amendment.Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag   if they do, there must be consequences   perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2016This tweet apparently pleased Fox host Stuart Varney, but before he could even finish reading the quote, Fox News legal analyst Andrew Napolitano laughed out loud and proceeded to school Varney and humiliate Trump with facts. What is wrong with a penalty for burning the American flag?  Varney asked. Two Supreme Court opinions that say I can burn my flag, I can t burn yours,  Napolitano replied.  Burning the American flag is a form of protected freedom of speech as reprehensible as it is, as demonstrative of a hatred of American values as it is   I fully agree with the president-elect on that. But you cannot prosecute for it. The reason I chuckled is the penalty of stripping citizenship has been prohibited in the United States of America since 1789! Varney suggested that Trump could just  get a new Supreme Court and get a different ruling,  but Napolitano fired back. Get a different constitution! Rather than the one in which he was elected president. People cannot be prosecuted for expressing unpopular opinions. A giddy Varney warned,  Not yet. Here s the video via YouTube.What Trump is calling for would even make deceased Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, a conservative hero, spin in his grave.During a 2012 interview, Scalia said that punishing Americans for flag burning is something that a king would do. If I were king, I wouldn t go about letting people burn the American flag,  Scalia told Piers Morgan.  However, we have a First Amendment which says that the right of free speech shall not be abridged, and it is addressed, in particular to speech critical of the government. I mean, that was the main kind of speech that tyrants would seek to suppress. Burning the flag is a form of expression. Here s the video via YouTube.So by trying to punish Americans for expressing themselves, Trump would be acting like the tyrannical king conservatives have accused President Obama of being for the last eight years. Only, in this case, Trump would actually be a real tyrant.Featured image via  Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
3643, WATCH: Right-Wing Pastor Compares Trump To Jesus’ Disciples,"These conservative  Christians  are sick.Throughout the 2016 campaign, conservative  Christians  worshiped Donald Trump as the new Jesus and sold out their so-called  Christian  values to support a bigoted sexist blowhard narcissist for president.Now right-wing pastor and con artist televangelist Rick Joyner is literally comparing Trump to Jesus  disciples.But first, he kissed Trump s ass by claiming that he s a totally different person from the one seen on the campaign trail.Joyner said that Trump is a  kinder  man than the media portrayed him as, even though Trump was consistently nasty throughout the campaign. He hurled insults and repeatedly used offensive hateful language to divide the country. He is nothing more than a bully.Joyner also called Trump  tough as nails,  but this is plainly ignoring how thin-skinned Trump has been every time he is criticized.Joyner even claimed that  tough as nails  Trump was near tears when they discussed his plan to deport millions of undocumented immigrants out of the country.  I saw the tears well up in his eyes,  Joyner said.  He was about to bust out crying. But this isn t the Trump we saw all year long. Trump never cared about these people and he never will. He never showed a single ounce of compassion for any of them and their families. So excuse us if we don t take Joyner s word for it that Trump actually has human feeling beyond pettiness and hate.But that s not all. Joyner also had the gall to call Trump  one of the most honest people  he s ever known. And now we definitely know Joyner is full of shit.As Raw Story points out, Fact-checking website Politifact, who fact-checked at least 337 of Trump s statements on the campaign trail and since his election victory, noted that 19 percent of his claims were  mostly false,  34 percent were  false,  and 18 percent were  pants on fire.' In short, Trump is a serial liar and anyone who says otherwise has their head up his ass.But what Joyner said next is something that Christians in particular, should find extremely offensive. I think if you look at the disciples that Jesus chose, they were all Donald Trump. Every one of them were Donald Trumps. Joyner literally just claimed that Jesus chose a bunch of thin-skinned bigoted sexist liars as his disciples. Seriously.Here s the video via YouTube.Conservatives are truly delusional if they actually think Donald Trump is like Jesus or his disciples. In fact, they should stop calling themselves  Christians  altogether.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
3644, WATCH: Don Lemon SCHOOLS Trump Supporter For Calling Trump’s Win A ‘Landslide’,"Apparently, conservatives do not know what a dictionary is, much less how to read one.In the reality created by conservatives in their narrow minds, facts are lies, lies are facts, and words have different definitions.Donald Trump threw a temper tantrum on Twitter over CNN s coverage of him and actually had the gall to call his election win a  landslide. .@CNN is so embarrassed by their total (100%) support of Hillary Clinton, and yet her loss in a landslide, that they don t know what to do.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 29, 2016During a panel discussion on CNN on Monday, a Trump supporter repeatedly claimed that Donald Trump won the election  by a landslide  even though he got nowhere near the electoral vote totals of President Obama and lost the popular vote by more than 2 million votes to Hillary Clinton.Paris Dennard s ridiculous claim forced CNN host Don Lemon to humiliate him on the air. It s also false for Trump to say that the electoral college vote was a landslide. It was certainly an upset, but it was far from a landslide. You go back to 1980, he had a smaller margin than the Reagan elections, George H. W. Bush, Barack Obama s two elections   he tops only George W. Bush s two narrow wins. Can he call this a landslide? Why is he calling this a landslide? It s not a landslide, he got way more than most people thought, but you can t really call this a landslide. Dennard responded by repeatedly changing the definition of the word  landslide  to mean simply beating Hillary Clinton. But Lemon would have none of it. You re changing the definition of landslide?  Lemon replied.  You can say he did better because he won, but can you call something a landslide when it s not actually a landslide? Is that what you re doing? It wasn t a landslide, Paris. A landslide is only a landslide when it s the definition of a landslide. That s not the definition of a landslide. That s you changing the definition of a landslide. Dennard s ignorance forced Bakari Sellers to burst out in laughter while Kayleigh McEnany could only close her eyes in embarrassment.Here s the video via YouTube.As Lemon pointed out, Donald Trump definitely did NOT win by a landslide. In fact, he may not have even won at all if recounts in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania flip the vote in favor of Hillary Clinton.Featured image via screenshot",0
3645," Trump Ignores Constitution, Suggests INSANE Punishment For Burning American Flag (TWEETS)","Donald Trump has been going off on his infamous psychotic Twitter rants again, and they just keep getting more and more terrifying as the days go on.On Tuesday morning, Trump suggested that Americans who burn the American flag should lose their citizenship or alternatively be forced to spend a year in jail: Nobody should be allowed to burn the American flag   if they do, there must be consequences   perhaps loss of citizenship or a year in jail! TwitterThis is yet another instance where Trump has displayed how little he knows about how the actual Constitution works. Burning the American flag is completely legal, unlike what Trump is suggesting. Trump s proposed punishment for flag burning also goes against the landmark 1989 Supreme Court case Texas v. Johnson, where burning the flag was protected under the First Amendment. It should also be noted that one of Trump s idols, the late Justice Antonin Scalia, ruled in favor of that case.Revoking citizenship is a very serious concept to play with. According to the Huffington Post, an American citizen can only lose their nationality by pledging allegiance to another country, committing treason, or voluntarily giving it up .Anand Giridharadas didn t hesitate to call Trump out, bringing attention to the fact that Trump is more of a fascist than anything else. He summed up Trump s threat perfectly when he said  the explicit articulation that doing legal things could cost you citizenship. TwitterThen, Giridharadas gave us some historical context:TwitterThat s terrifying, and unfortunately it s only the tip of the iceberg. Trump s flag burning tweet came after he went on a troubling Twitter rant last night, in which he attacked the free press for debunking his voter fraud lies. When you put all of Trump s threats together, it becomes clear that he s more interested in being a dictator than a President.Featured image via Maddie McGarvey /Getty Images",0
3646, NC’s GOP-Run Board Of Elections Just Smacked Pat McCrory HARD Over His Bogus ‘Fraud’ Nonsense,"North Carolina governor Pat McCrory lost his re-election bid to his Democratic challenger Roy Cooper three weeks ago. However, McCrory is trying every trick in the book to re-install himself as governor for another term against the will of the people of the state. One of those tricks is alleging widespread voter fraud, and McCrory filed several complaints in that direction.Now, remember   the North Carolina Board of Elections is run by Republicans, not Democrats right now. Therefore, one would think this would give McCrory an edge in his crazy attempt to overturn this election by any means necessary, but not so. Even his Republican colleagues are sick of McCrory s nonsense, and they made the decision to toss his ridiculous voter fraud complaints. These complaints were designed to make it appear that people who were not eligible to vote had indeed voted, thus costing him the election. However, the Board of Elections said to get rid of the complaints that merely disputes the eligibility of a voter. Here is the response from Roy Cooper:All of this comes on the heels of obvious voter suppression efforts on the part of the North Carolina GOP. The complaints filed by McCrory include the 52 counties in the state where the North Carolina GOP at large started purging voter rolls, accusing people of voting without being eligible. Despite this, the GOP elections officials are still going against McCrory.McCrory needs to concede. Cooper now leads him by more than 9,000 votes and counting. The people of North Carolina do not want him to be their governor any longer. Instead of accepting that, he is whining and stomping his feet like a child. He s embarrassing himself, his state, and his Republican colleagues. This guy is like North Carolina s own Donald Trump in a way   too childish and prideful to admit when he s wrong. If McCrory continues this nonsense, he should be forcibly removed from office when his term is officially over.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3647, Dylann Roof Representing Himself In Charleston Massacre Trial After Court Decides He’s Sane,"After being found competent to stand trial following a court-ordered psychiatric evaluation, Dylann Roof has decided to ditch his attorneys and represent himself in the Charleston Massacre trial.Judge Richard M. Gergel of Federal District Court in Charleston declared Roof competent to stand on Friday. Jury selection had been put on hold for three weeks after the defense team asked the judge to declare Roof incompetent due to mental defect. But a psychiatric evaluation found that Roof was able to assist in his defense and understood the consequences of the proceedings. Therefore, under the law, he was ruled competent.On Monday, things took a surprise turn when Roof petitioned the court to allow him to represent himself. Gergel advised Roof against firing his legal team, which is led by David I. Bruck, a noted capital defense attorney. The judge asked the defendant a series of questions to make sure he understood the ramifications of his actions. But ultimately, after having found Roof competent, Gergel had no choice but to honor Roof s Sixth Amendment right to act as his own attorney. I do find the defendant has the personal capacity to self-representation,  Judge Gergel said.  I continue to believe it is strategically unwise, but it is a decision you have the right to make. Although Roof will be taking the lead role in his defense, Brock and the rest of his legal team will continue to serve as standby counsel.  Jury selection has since resumed.Roof is accused of killing nine African American people at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, S.C., on June 17, 2015. He reportedly mingled with his victims for an hour, sitting in on their bible study where they welcomed him with open arms. He then began shouting racial slurs and pulled out a Glock pistol from his fanny pack. He opened fire on his unsuspecting victims, killing the pastor of the church, three other ministers and five other members of the congregation.Robert Dunham, the executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center, warned of the troubles defendants face when they represent themselves, especially if they have a mental illness. Key issues never get raised because the defendant knows nothing about the law,  said Dunham.  And often with mentally ill defendants whose murders were a product of their mental illness, they will attempt to justify their conduct instead of presenting evidence that their mental illness makes them less culpable. Abraham Lincoln said,  He who represents himself has a fool for a client.  While that may be true, it can also be particularly traumatic for the family when a defendant accused of slaughtering their loved ones is acting as his own attorney, as Dunham explained. When an emotionally disturbed defendant is permitted to cross-examine those witnesses and ask questions that may be based on a delusional view of reality, it only makes things worse,  Mr. Dunham said.Featured image via Grace Beahm-Pool/Getty Images",0
3648, Actress Makes HUGE Donation That Will Drive Trump Nuts,"Actress Amber Heard is donating $350,000 to the ACLU just as the historic civil rights organization is gearing up to go toe-to-toe with the incoming Donald Trump administration.Heard s money is coming from her settlement as a result of her divorce from actor Johnny Depp, in which domestic violence allegations were made.From TMZ:We ve now received an email from the ACLU, in which an ACLU rep acknowledged Amber made a $350k payment on August 19th.  A source connected with Amber tells TMZ, she advanced the money, relying on Johnny paying her the settlement. We re told she took steps to send Children s Hospital money but didn t send it because she and Johnny began squabbling over the settlement deal.As we reported, Amber s lawyer, Pierce O Donnell, says he s confident the settlement will be signed this week.During the campaign, the ACLU described Trump as a  one-man Constitutional crisis,  and warned that his  statements and policy proposals would blatantly violate the inalienable rights guaranteed by the Constitution. The ACLU was one of the first organizations out with a strong statement against Trump after he won the 2016 election:President-elect Trump, as you assume the nation s highest office, we urge you to reconsider and change course on certain campaign promises you have made. These include your plan to amass a deportation force to remove 11 million undocumented immigrants; ban the entry of Muslims into our country and aggressively surveil them; punish women for accessing abortion; reauthorize waterboarding and other forms of torture; and change our nation s libel laws and restrict freedom of expression.These proposals are not simply un-American and wrong-headed, they are unlawful and unconstitutional. They violate the First, Fourth, Fifth, Eighth, and Fourteenth Amendments. If you do not reverse course and instead endeavor to make these campaign promises a reality, you will have to contend with the full firepower of the ACLU at every step. Our staff of litigators and activists in every state, thousands of volunteers, and millions of card-carrying supporters are ready to fight against any encroachment on our cherished freedoms and rights.One thing is certain: we will be eternally vigilant every single day of your presidency and when you leave the Oval Office, we will do the same with your successor.Ms. Heard s money, along with thousands of others, will help the ACLU keep their promise. Trump will have a persistent thorn in his side.Featured image via Flickr",0
3649, ‘The View’ DESTROYS Trump For Blaming His Unpopularity On ‘Illegal’ Voters (VIDEO),"Once again President-elect Donald Trump has dominated the media by doing something incredibly dumb. After whining about the recount effort by Green Party candidate Jill Stein on Twitter, Trump kept the pity party going by whining about how he lost the popular vote.But of course, Trump is so delirious that he had to come up with an excuse for why he d lost by over 2 million votes. To save himself from having to face the fact that most of America hates him, Trump promoted a ridiculous right-wing conspiracy theory about voter fraud, alleging that Hillary Clinton had won only because of  illegal  voters.As soon as Trump s little orange fingers could finish his tweet, everyone was all over it. Election experts, historians, reporters and even other Republicans have rushed to debunk Trump s lies   and on Monday, the hosts on ABC s The View couldn t wait to tear Trump a new one.Co-host Joy Behar, who has been an amazing critic of Trump in the past, said she was proud of the media for actually calling Trump out and reporting that Trump s claims had no evidence to support them. She congratulated news outlets for reporting the truth when she said: The news divisions are now stating that it s a lie. Like, now they re saying  with no evidence,   it s not true.  Which is what they should have been doing all year when Politifact said he was lying. But now they re starting to say,  This is a lie, this is a lie, this is a lie. Whoopi Goldberg also jumped in, just as irritated by Trump s nonstop lying. She said: There is no evidence anywhere   anywhere!   that anyone voted illegally, Donald! And then, she asked what most of us have been wondering when she questioned why Trump was so afraid of a vote recount. Now more than ever, it s becoming obvious that Trump is terrified of what the recount might determine, and that he might lose his chance to Make America White Again.You can watch  The View  blast Trump below:Featured image via screenshot and Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
3650, Texas Elector Resigns: ‘Voting For Trump Would Bring Dishonor To God’,"A Republican member of the Electoral College representing Texas, Art Sisneros, wrote on Saturday that he will resign and turn his position over to an alternate elector. Sisneros has previously been skeptical of throwing his support behind Donald Trump but now, he says he would rather resign than to vote against his conscience.In August, Sisneros thought of participating as a  faithless  elector, but in a largely unnoticed blog post over the weekend he wrote that he cannot bring himself to vote for Trump, so he decided to resign from his role as an elector, according to Politico. The Electoral College was corrupted from its original intent once states started dictating the votes of the Electors,  he writes. If Trump is not qualified and my role, both morally and historically, as an elected official is to vote my conscience, then I can not and will not vote for Donald Trump for President. I believe voting for Trump would bring dishonor to God,  Sisneros wrote.  The reality is Trump will be our President, no matter what my decision is. Sisneros said that he will  mourn the loss of our republic. Since I can t in good conscience vote for Donald Trump, and yet have sinfully made a pledge that I would, the best option I see at this time is to resign my position as an Elector,  Sisneros continued.  This will allow the remaining body of Electors to fill my vacancy when they convene on Dec 19 with someone that can vote for Trump. The people will get their vote   I will sleep well at night knowing I neither gave in to their demands nor caved to my convictions. I will also mourn the loss of our republic. This sounds similar to what Ted Cruz demanded people do. Vote your conscience. But the Texas Senator lost his spine, soul and conscience during the eleventh hour, then threw his support behind Trump. Ted Cruz is no Art Sisneros.____________________________________________________________________________________Image via Facebook.",0
3651, Clinton Team Takes Aim At Trump For His Full-Blown Hysterics Over Recount (TWEETS),"When Donald Trump heard the news that Hillary Clinton was going to back Jill Stein s recount efforts in three separate states, he didn t take it too well. Trump proceeded to flaunt his rage by having a full-blown meltdown on Twitter, because of course he did. What remains of Clinton s campaign team is finally responding to Trump s hysterics.Christina Reynolds, who was the Clinton campaign s deputy communications director, addressed Trump s Twitter rant in a few tweets of her own. She specifically took on Trump s claim that he had lost the popular vote only because of  millions of people who voted illegally. Winning the electoral college won him the presidency, so Trump s excuses on why he lost the popular vote by millions are just small and sad.  Christina Reynolds (@creynoldsnc) November 28, 2016To my knowledge, the very very rare cases of people voting illegally found so far were Trump voters. https://t.co/Bc7AEFEFbU  Christina Reynolds (@creynoldsnc) November 28, 2016Marc Elias, Clinton s campaign lawyer,was responsible for writing the post on Medium which announced Clinton s support for Stein s recount efforts in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Michigan. He also took to Twitter regarding Trump s attacks.We are getting attacked for participating in a recount that we didn t ask for by the man who won election but thinks there was massive fraud  Marc E. Elias (@marceelias) November 28, 2016So far, Clinton herself has not addressed the recounts at all. Stein, who was the candidate of the Green Party, has lead the efforts and has raised over $6 million to cover the cost of the recounts. Clinton s team has been cautious, making sure it is understood that they are merely responding to the requests of voters and are just trying to be helpful to Stein. Because we had not uncovered any actionable evidence of hacking or outside attempts to alter the voting technology, we had not planned to exercise this option ourselves, but now that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin, we intend to participate in order to ensure the process proceeds in a manner that is fair to all sides,  Elias wrote.Neera Tanden is the head of the Center for American Progress. She was not part of the campaign but was a top Clinton ally, she pointed out that Trump s claims of voter fraud only strengthened the argument for recounts and questioned what is making Trump so nervous.Let s do recounts across the country to check this. Then we can see how sure you are of EC. https://t.co/L2zbhQ7Ntt  Neera Tanden (@neeratanden) November 27, 2016I think this is Trump s way of asking to #AuditTheVote https://t.co/L2zbhQ7Ntt  Neera Tanden (@neeratanden) November 27, 2016Given what Trump has said, shouldn t we audit the vote in all close states? Just to be sure.  Neera Tanden (@neeratanden) November 27, 2016Standing back:Between his statement attacking Stein & then his numerous twitter meltdowns, isn t Trump acting like something is wrong in WI?  Neera Tanden (@neeratanden) November 28, 2016I m pretty sure that the Electors were created to stop a madman from becoming president. #alwaystrustHamilton  Neera Tanden (@neeratanden) November 28, 2016It is important to note that so far, no one associated with the Clinton campaign has claimed that election was rigged.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
3652, White Trump Supporter EXPLODES In Store After Black Employees Offer Her A Bag (VIDEO),"A Trump-loving white shopper had a racist meltdown of #babyTrump proportions last week, all because she was asked to purchase a $1 reusable bag to make carrying all her items easier.The woman had been shopping at arts and crafts store Michael s in Chicago on Thanksgiving Eve, when the offer to buy the bag apparently put her over the edge. Claiming that she was being discriminated against because she was white, the unidentified shopper exploded with rage and began shouting: I voted for Trump   so there. You want to kick me out for that? And look who won. Her rant continued as she started to attack the African American employees which prompted Jessie Grady, another customer, to pull out her cell phone and start recording the verbal abuse. Grady said the Trump-loving woman went into a  30-minute racist rant complete with yelling and cursing and repeated references to the fact that both employees were African-American. Eventually, the enraged shopper realized she was being recorded and also became confrontational with Grady. She got closer to Grady and said:Then, the woman accused Grady s baby of stealing before returning to her original plan, attacking the store s black employees. She yelled: You re a liar, I don t care, because I m a consumer. I m a customer. This is ten minutes of the shopper s meltdown, and an absolute sorry excuse for an American. See for yourself:Since this video has been uploaded to YouTube, it has gone viral. Grady said the reason she recorded the video was protect the store s employees and  keep them from getting in trouble for no reason  because  the customer is always right.  Grady was so disgusted by this shopper s actions that she started a GoFundMe campaign to help the store manager who suffered most of the attack by this racist. She said: I d like to do something to try to make it up to the employee who was the main target of this racist attack. I d like to show her that many people are horrified by how this woman treated her, and that we stand with her and appreciate her hard work. She inspired me because despite the hateful words that were being hurled in her direction, she stood in that entrance way calm and unmoving to protect her staff and customers   In the current climate I believe it s very important that we go out of our way to treat each other with dignity, kindness and politeness, and that we stand up for each other when we see people being mistreated. The GoFundMe account has already reached a few thousand dollars, but there is no amount of money that can erase abuse and racism. These attacks are becoming more and more common, as we re seeing Trump supporters embracing their white privilege and feeling less inhibited to express blatant racism. The Trump effect is ruining our country, and quickly.Featured image via screenshots",0
3653, This Tweetstorm PERFECTLY Explains Why Recounts Terrify Trump – It’s Not Fear He Might Have Lost,"It shouldn t be surprising to anyone that Trump is attacking recount efforts in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. However, many people assume that he s doing so because he s afraid of the recounts proving he didn t actually win the election. That s only partly true. Evan McMullin, who ran for President as an independent, has a different hypothesis that s much worse than such a fear:It should not go unrecognized that @realDonaldTrump s effort to inflate his election performance without cause is typical of autocrats. https://t.co/rY4e5jmWxZ  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) November 27, 2016They do it increase the perception of their political legitimacy, while undermining popular opposition to them.  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) November 27, 2016Whoa. Interesting idea, and it does fit with what we know of Trump s personality. So it s not a stretch to believe that fear of losing face, and anger at having his legitimacy questioned at all, is at the root of Trump s attacks. It s not just the possibility that he could be proven a loser here.But there s something even more insidious than showing Trump has autocratic tendencies. We already know he has strong autocratic tendencies. But he also undermined our democracy by repeatedly calling the election rigged. His attempts to undermine opposition in this manner expands his attack on democracy. McMullin points out that both of these tactics help to solidify an autocrat s power:And, in the process, they do enormous damage to democratic institutions, which is a larger objective they share.  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) November 27, 2016Because it is those institutions and supporting norms that present the most significant check on an authoritarian s power.  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) November 27, 2016When confidence in those institutions and norms has been sufficiently eroded, the authoritarian has a freer hand with which to wield power.  Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) November 27, 2016Trump s claims during his campaign that only he could fix our country, and fuck using our democratic system to try and do it because it s all rigged anyway, demonstrated his dictatorial nature. By throwing Twitter tantrums over possible recounts, and claiming there was massive voter fraud even though he won, Trump is trying to put us all in our places while reinforcing his image as a strong political leader who is beloved by everyone.Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
3654," Texas Congressman HILARIOUSLY Trolls Trump, Says What The ENTIRE Congress Is Thinking (TWEET)","Joaquin Castro of Texas is a rising star in the Democratic Party and a member of the United States House of Representatives. He s also pretty outspoken. So when Trump insisted   via Twitter, of course   that he won the popular vote as well as the Electoral College, but it wasn t showing in the counts due to  illegal  voting, Castro couldn t take it anymore. After all, Trump s tweet clearly has zero basis in reality, and like many of his bogus claims, is a combination of his overactive, childlike imagination and crackpot notions from feverish right-wing conspiracy theories. So, Rep. Castro baited Trump by Tweeting back:It's going to be hard to work with someone this delusional. https://t.co/BmLaltpMmc  Joaquin Castro (@JoaquinCastrotx) November 28, 2016Now, Rep. Castro will likely take a lot of heat from his GOP colleagues in the House. It s also likely that he doesn t care, either. After all, he s right. Trump is delusional, and has displayed that fact repeatedly, not just over the course of his travesty of a presidential campaign, but over his entire life. Rep. Castro was right to call it out. After all, we re talking about the madman who will have control of America s nuclear arsenal come January 20. If his spineless GOP bedfellows won t call Trump s rantings out for what they are, at least we have Rep. Joaquin Castro to do it.Godspeed, Rep. Castro. May you survive having to work with this delusional jackass.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3655, Rachel Dratch Brings Up OBVIOUS Problem With Trump No One Seems To Be Saying (TWEET),"With Donald Trump throwing a Twitter tantrum from the very early morning throughout the afternoon on Sunday, it makes you wonder what exactly he plans to do once he s actually inside the Oval Office. He clearly has anger issues and he doesn t know how to handle any sort of conflict, especially criticism against him.He s even been saying that he won the popular vote which he so very clearly DID NOT, because Hillary Clinton currently holds a 2.2 million vote lead that continues to climb. Then he says that there was voter fraud in other states.In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016Serious voter fraud in Virginia, New Hampshire and California   so why isn't the media reporting on this? Serious bias   big problem!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 28, 2016Those, of course, being states Hillary won, so of course he s saying there s fraud there since the states he supposedly won are the ones currently being looked at for a recount. He s throwing his typical  I know you are, but what am I?  behavior that he became notorious for over the course of the entire election.He is literally spiraling out of control.Noticing this clear spiral was none other than SNL alum and entertainer extraordinaire, Rachel Dratch.Dratch tweeted out the obvious that no one seems to want to point out: The fact that no one seems to have the power to take his damn *phone* away makes me extremely nervous about all the other buttons. The fact that no one seems to have the power to take his damn *phone* away makes me extremely nervous about all the other buttons  Rachel Dratch (@TheRealDratch) November 27, 2016Which is exactly right. If he can t control his Twitter habits, and no one else seems to be able to control him either, what the hell is going to happen when he gains control over our military, or scarier yet, our nuclear codes? It s absolutely horrifying.It s certainly going to be an interesting next few weeks as recounts get underway.Featured Photo by Brad Barket, Drew Angerer/Getty Images ",0
3656, Awesome New App Helps Make Sure We All Continue To Hurt The Trump Brand As Much As Possible,"We re all now living with the horrifying reality that on January 20, 2017, Donald Trump will be the next president of the United States. While there is nothing we can do about that, what we CAN do is make our collective displeasure with Trump and all he stands for heard loud and clear: By voting with our wallets.An anti-Trump group, Democratic Coalition Against Trump, has put out an app for both Apple and Android devices that keeps a handy running list not just of brands that belong to Trump and his family, but also of businesses that support the Trump brand, as well as those who helped this orange buffoon get elected. The group says of the app, via Executive Director Nate Lemur: This app is a first step in our larger Boycott Trump campaign, which will feature a unified grassroots movement centered on holding companies and individuals that help Trump in any way accountable,The campaign is all about empowerment  By doing so we aim to give people a safe and productive way to voice their disapproval of Trump. We ve accepted Trump won the election but that doesn t mean we have to accept everything he stands for. That s not all, either. The group also has drawn up a list of organizations that will be supporting groups that Trump and his rag tag team of bigots are sure to attack during the next four years. You can download the Apple version of the app here, and the Android version here.Also, remember to follow feeds of progressive organizations on Twitter to keep up with the latest ways to join the resistance against Trump s authoritarian plans. America is counting on all of us to speak truth to power, and to not normalize this unthinkable reality. If we all band together, we just might survive the next four years.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3657, Trump’s ‘Illegal Votes’ Lie Just Turned The Whole Recount Issue Into One Long Alex Jones Episode,"By now, we ve all seen the tweet where Trump said that he won the popular vote in a landslide if  millions of illegal votes  are taken out of the count. We also all know that Trump wouldn t be saying a damn thing if he were confident that possible recounts didn t have a hope in hell of overturning the election results. Regardless, where in the name of all that s profane is he getting this idea that millions of illegal votes were cast?Trump is a conspiracy theorist. He believes people like Alex Jones. And Alex Jones is probably the most prominent person to  report  on these supposedly illegal votes right now. According to Politifact, about six days after the election, InfoWars published a story with a headline that reading:  Report: 3 Million Votes in Presidential Election Cast by Illegal Aliens. That s a rather serious claim to make. This is Alex Jones, though, so wondering if he has legitimate supporting evidence for that claim is pointless. He actually got his number from a pair of tweets from Gregg Phillips, the founder of VoteStand. VoteStand is a voter-fraud detection app, and he says he s gone through 180 million voter registrations and found 3 million  non-citizens  on the rolls:Completed analysis of database of 180 million voter registrations.Number of non-citizen votes exceeds 3 million.Consulting legal team.  Gregg Phillips (@JumpVote) November 11, 2016We have verified more than three million votes cast by non-citizens.We are joining .@TrueTheVote to initiate legal action. #unrigged  Gregg Phillips (@JumpVote) November 13, 2016Sprinkled throughout Phillips  Twitter feed are more tweets claiming he s got the evidence, but he won t release it to Politifact or anybody else. Yet, just the existence of tweets from an app founder who s paranoid as all fuck about voter fraud is enough for Jones, which is enough for Trump. So Trump will loudly proclaim he won the popular vote, because obviously.And there you have it. We have a president who s likely to turn the next four years into a giant InfoWars episode. It s enough to make us want to put our fists through a window.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3658," Patton Oswalt’s Screed Against Donald Trump Is Going Viral, And It Should","Patton Oswalt is a comedian, but he s also very seriously worried about the future of this country after the inauguration of Donald Trump.In his Facebook post on Sunday, Oswalt, who heartbreakingly lost his wife this year, is nonetheless worried about the rest of us.So, sixteen days into the reality of Donald Trump being our President-elect, and I m reading New Yorker and Jacobin and Slate and NY Times articles, trying to make sense of just what the fuck happened, and how the fuck do we go forward. The Democratic Party is in shards on the floor right now. I think we re going to have eight years of Trump and his clean-shaven looters scraping out the carcass of the country before fucking off and blaming it on progressives and lesbians and PC and rap music.Oswalt talks about the schadenfreude that seems to be resonating throughout Trump-i-verse. People, according to Oswalt, are telling the comedian that his type of comedy is over and now we have to be subjected to whatever Trumpsters call comedy. Obviously, Oswalt had the perfect answer for that:So many alt-righters (or just people on the right) are failed or frustrated comedians. Just as so many far, far left wingers are. Comedy is too PC! It s not PC enough! It s racist! It shames white men! IT DOESN T FIT TO MY STANDARDS, SO THEREFORE I MUST DESTROY IT!Being funny isn t something everyone is born with, and even the ones born with it have to work and evolve and have humility while they do so. For the untalented but still entitled, there s a gut full of envy to carry around when they see other people getting laughs where they can t.Oswalt went further and compared these times to the rise of the Nazis. He referenced an essay by Clive James, about Egon Friedall, an intellectual who committed suicide before being hauled off by the Nazis.Egon threw himself from his window as the SA men battered down his door, screaming,  Watch out! Get out of the way!  to the pedestrians as he plummeted.I think   I m guessing, I know   that Egon sensed something even MORE sinister behind the Nazi uprising. Something fueled not by nationalism or racial pride but by bog-standard showbiz envy.Here s the post in its entirety. It s definitely worth reading and sharing:It s an interesting perspective and if you think about it, conservatism, not just Trumpism, is based on envy. Conservatives are envious of people who have more talent, they are envious of people who they think are getting more attention. They are even envious of those who have much, much less than them.Conservatives try comedy again and again, and with the exception of just a few (like Tim Allen or Larry the Cable Guy), they nearly always fail. Their comedy, like their policies, is mean-spirited. Conservatives punch down while liberals speak truth to power. When conservatives fail, their envy leads to anger. More than anything, though, Trump has made being thin-skinned fashionable. Trump supporters, even after winning, think they are the consummate victims. When victimhood is given power, things can get very dangerous. It s what happened in 1930s Germany and it s what could easily happen in just a few weeks.Featured image via Bryan Bedder/Getty Images.",0
3659, Donald Trump Just Destroyed EVERY Argument Against A Recount In Just One Tweet,"Donald Trump just accused millions of Americans of voter fraud, proving once again that he should be denied the presidency.Over the course of the last 24 hours, Trump has been whining about a recount effort in Wisconsin and attempts to trigger recounts in Michigan and Pennsylvania. If the recount goes against him, Hillary Clinton would become the President-Elect and Trump would be forced to go home and cry into a gold-lined pillow about how big of a loser he is.In addition to those Twitter posts about recounts, Trump just posted three more bragging that he won the popular vote even though the current vote count shows Hillary with more than a 2 million vote lead.Trump claims he won the popular vote because 3 million people voted illegally, which is a wild accusation that has zero evidence supporting it.In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016Trump then claimed that he would have won the popular vote had he focused more on a few large states rather than smaller ones.It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016But the fact remains that Trump LOST the popular vote by a wide margin and his electoral margin could be flipped if recounts go the way many hope.Regardless, Donald Trump just disqualified himself from the presidency again by attacking the democratic process. Recounts are legal and Hillary Clinton has every right to ask for one, especially since Trump margin of victory in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania are so narrow. They re part of the democratic process.Furthermore, Trump just insulted 3 million Americans by claiming that their votes don t count. He has absolutely no proof that 3 million people voted illegally, and such a wild accusation proves that he is unfit to lead this country.Enough is enough. Donald Trump is a disgrace and he should be forced to step aside. He does not deserve the the title of President-Elect and he certainly does not deserve to be called President. Period.Featured Image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3660, George Takei Just B*tch-Slapped Trump After He Claimed He Won The Popular Vote (TWEETS),"If you ve been paying attention, you know that Donald Trump is doing everything he can to discredit any recount efforts, which is weird when one considers some tweets he sent out Sunday regarding people who allegedly  voted illegally. In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally,  Trump tweeted, adding that winning the popular vote   which he did not do   is so easy that he would have campaigned in  3 or 4 states. In addition to winning the Electoral College in a landslide, I won the popular vote if you deduct the millions of people who voted illegally  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016It would have been much easier for me to win the so-called popular vote than the Electoral College in that I would only campaign in 3 or 4  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016states instead of the 15 states that I visited. I would have won even more easily and convincingly (but smaller states are forgotten)!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 27, 2016Sure, he has no evidence that anyone voted  illegally,  but if he truly believes this, why isn t he embracing the recount efforts that are currently underway? Surely they will prove once and for all that most Americans like him. Or not. Probably not. Definitely not. In any case, George Takei is sick of Trump s shit. Our president must act presidential, each word measured and supported,  Takei tweeted in response to this latest in a seemingly endless series of President-elect Asterisk s monumentally stupid statements.  You, sir, are a disgrace and an embarrassment. Our president must act presidential, each word measured and supported. You, sir, are a disgrace and an embarrassment. https://t.co/GA9mBMt1Iq  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 27, 2016He s right. If Donald Trump doesn t make you feel embarrassed as an American, there is something wrong with you.Featured image via Getty Images (Matt Hayward/Joe Raedle)/screengrab",0
3661, Kellyanne Conway: Trump Is ‘Gracious’ To Not Prosecute Clinton While Recount Is Underway (VIDEO),"While not-my-president-elect Donald Trump was having a Twitter tantrum over recount efforts in three battleground states, one of his top advisers was on CNN s  State of the Union  having a hissy fit. Team Trump is acting in an unusual manner for a campaign that claims he was legitimately elected.Officials in Wisconsin are preparing to conduct a full statewide recount of the votes from the 2016 election after a request was filed by Jill Stein. She s vowed to follow through with Michigan and Pennsylvania as well. Three precincts in Wisconsin have already had to revise their vote totals. As it happens, more votes were counted than ballots cast.Conway called the Hillary Clinton campaign  a pack of sore losers  on Saturday. And on Sunday, Conway said Trump has been  gracious  by not prosecuting Clinton while the recount is underway.On #CNNSOTU Kellyanne Conway says Trump has been ""gracious"" by not prosecuting Clinton while recount underway https://t.co/HqwIHYGUis  State of the Union (@CNNSotu) November 27, 2016First off,  Presidents do not prosecute people, at least not in a democracy. Secondly, Clinton has not been charged with any crimes. Thirdly, the money raised for the recount efforts wasn t because of the Clinton campaign. Jill Stein and Hillary Clinton are two different people.Next, Conway will threaten Stein with prosecution. Trump supporters threatened an armed revolt if Hillary Clinton won the election. They openly talked to reporters at rallies with threats of assassinating Clinton if Trump lost. All we want is a recount to be sure it was a fair election.As Hillary Clinton s campaign counsel said in a statement,  It is a fundamental principle of our democracy to ensure that every vote is properly counted. What is Team Trump so worried about? Trump said the election would be rigged and openly called for the Russians to hack Clinton s emails.Hillary Clinton now leads the popular vote by 2.2 million, and that number is expected to continue to increase._____________________________________________________________________________________Featured image via screen capture",0
3662," Ted Cruz Awkwardly Tries To Say Trump’s Not A Liar, But Fails Miserably (VIDEO)","During the Republican primaries, the biggest feud (if you don t include Donald Trump and Megyn Kelly) seemed to be between Ted Cruz and the man who is now the President Elect. Now, Cruz is one of Trump s strongest supporters. Well, he seems to be one of Trump s strongest supporters, except for the fact that Cruz can t seem to make himself say that Trump isn t a liar.In May, Cruz went on a rant calling Trump a  pathological liar,  after Trump accused Cruz  father of being involved in the assassination of John F. Kennedy. Yes, that a how insane the election of 2016 got. (Trump) doesn t know the difference between truth and lies, he lies practically every word that comes out of his mouth. Here s that somewhat surreal exchange between Cruz and the media from May:Just to recap: Trump insults not just his rival, but his rival s family. Cruz calls Trump a  pathological liar,  and now Cruz is a Trump supporter. Well, they do say politics makes strange bedfellows.Still, it appears Cruz hasn t quite let it go. On Sunday s This Week, Cruz was asked,  Do you still think Donald Trump is a liar? Cruz had no answer, other than to say,  You know, I m not going to re-litigate the past. I m going to focus on the future. I m going to focus on what s in front of us. Here s the video:While it s become the stereotype that politicians lack principles, it s apparent that for many in the Republican party, principles sell for cheap. Cruz has long been among Trump s most vocal critics, and suddenly, none of that matters because with Trump a.) Cruz sees an opportunity for a cabinet position, and b.) Cruz thinks his dream of a theocratic government will finally come true under Trump. Cruz might be right on both counts.Featured image via video screen capture",0
3663, The Media TOTALLY Missed This Horrifying Trump Confession (VIDEO),"Do you remember Trump s first meltdown week? It was late July, after the Democratic National Convention, and as the election drew closer it seemed to many people as if Donald Trump might be approaching a mental breakdown. It wasn t the final meltdown of the campaign, and doubtless the next four years will prove a harsher test of the Donald s sanity. Yet it did result in some startling moments of honesty as Trump, in the grip of strong emotion, let some things slip that perhaps he shouldn t have.Take July 29, for example. He was speaking in Denver, Colorado when he said the following:We have stupid people representing us. Stupid, stupid people. So, here s what s going to happen. We are going to build, and bring, our best. Look   we have the greatest business people in the world. Better than anyplace else. We don t use them. We use political hacks. Some of these business people are not nice people. Who cares? Do you care? I don t think so. Some of these people are vicious, horrible, miserable human beings. Who cares? Who cares? Some of these people   they don t sleep at night! They twist, and turn, and sweat! And their mattress is soaking wet! Because they re thinking all night about victory the next day against some poor person that doesn t have a chance! And these people   unfortunately, I know them all   these people would love to represent us against China, against Japan. Against all of these countries   Mexico, where they re killing us at the border, and they re killing us in trade!For the record, I am not making the case he is projecting or speaking indirectly. Despite his attempted qualifier,  unfortunately, I know them all,  it seems pretty clear that he is directly referring to himself.Think about it. He is clearly stating (we can all agree here) that we should pick this class of  best business people in the world  to run things, instead of politicians and public servants. Furthermore, he has selected himself (by running) as the epitome of what American leadership should be.So he s talking about himself. Drain the swamp? He s the fucking swamp monster.He describes himself as  not nice  and a  vicious, horrible, miserable human being  who  twist, turns, and sweats  rather than sleeping. That explains the 3 a.m. Twitter temper tantrums, I suppose.He describes himself as staying up all night to figure out how to screw over poor people. I will grant it s not clear whether he means this in a pitiful sense or economically.If you doubt the words as I have recorded them, think that I am taking him out of context in an unfair way, or really want to punish yourself, you can watch him speak below. The reported remarks start around 1:24:00:h/t @NettiLDN for pointing this out on Twitter.Featured image via screencapture from embedded video ",0
3664, Keith Olbermann BURIES Trump For Whining About Recount Efforts,"Donald Trump threw another Twitter tantrum, so Keith Olbermann gave him something to really cry about.Clearly, Donald Trump is scared that recounts in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Michigan will overturn the initial results of the 2016 Election and make him a loser.That s why he threw another one of his infamous hissy fits on his favorite social media platform in opposition of the recount effort.Trump attacked Hillary Clinton, calling her a hypocrite for supporting the recount because he was asked repeatedly whether or not he would accept the results of the election. However, Trump only said he would support the results if he wins.It was a nine-tweet rant that once again proved how unfit Trump is to be president. And Olbermann absolutely smacked Trump down for it.What, @realDonaldTrump, was that bullshit from you this week about everybody uniting? #MinorityVotePresident #GoEffYourself #Resist pic.twitter.com/Jh0QemlKIJ  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) November 27, 2016Honest to God, @realDonaldTrump   shut the fuck up. #Resign pic.twitter.com/mkQMPDIZTz  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) November 27, 2016One of your high level advisors, @realDonaldTrump   like Fabio   needs to remind you that you were never asked to abstain from a recount pic.twitter.com/0c3bgprzi4  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) November 27, 2016And look in a mirror, @realDonaldTrump, and let your eight chins break it to you: you re blowing this. You ve erased your dignity #GetOutNow pic.twitter.com/drKUYxDtRE  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) November 27, 2016Olbermann even advised Trump to dump Kellyanne Conway, who whines and commits hypocrisy every time she appears on the air.Also, @realDonaldTrump, get rid of this Dolores Umbridge of DC, Conway. She s doing nearly as much damage to you as your own tweets are https://t.co/oIWZFr8OkD  Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) November 27, 2016Hillary Clinton and the American people deserve a recount. And if that recount shows that Trump actually lost, he and his team should immediately step aside. And if it is discovered along the way that Trump s team was aided by hacks into our voting system, every last one of them should be prosecuted for election fraud and put behind bars where they belong.Clinton currently leads in the popular vote by over 2 million votes and her losses in the three states mentioned above were by narrow margins. Asking for recounts is perfectly legal, and in this case, very reasonable considering the fate of the free world and our democracy hang in the balance.Featured Image: Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
3665, Republicans Offered Condolences For Soviet Dictator Joseph Stalin When He Died,"Republicans need to stop whining about President Obama offering condolences for Fidel Castro s death, because they ve offered condolences for even worse monsters.After news of the longtime Cuban dictator s death, President Obama issued the following statement:At this time of Fidel Castro s passing, we extend a hand of friendship to the Cuban people. We know that this moment fills Cubans   in Cuba and in the United States   with powerful emotions, recalling the countless ways in which Fidel Castro altered the course of individual lives, families, and of the Cuban nation. History will record and judge the enormous impact of this singular figure on the people and world around him. Today, we offer condolences to Fidel Castro s family, and our thoughts and prayers are with the Cuban people. In the days ahead, they will recall the past and also look to the future. As they do, the Cuban people must know that they have a friend and partner in the United States of America.President Obama s statement was much different from Donald Trump s, which seemed to celebrate Castro s death. Indeed, Trump s statement is the kind of dangerous reaction that could damage international relations between nations at a time when we should be seeking peace.Republicans, of course, have been attacking President Obama ever since. Marco Rubio called Obama s statement  pathetic.  Ted Cruz says the United States should not send anyone to represent America at the funeral.But once again, just like they did when President Obama did not attend former First Lady Nancy Reagan s funeral, Republicans are conveniently forgetting history and precedent.As it turns out, the Republicans themselves sent condolences after a brutal dictator died on two occasions. In 1953, President Eisenhower offered condolences upon learning that Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin was near death.At this moment in history when multitudes of Russians are anxiously concerned because of the illness of the Soviet ruler2 the thoughts of America go out to all the people of the U.S.S.R. the men and women, the boys and girls in the villages, cities, farms and factories of their homeland.They are the children of the same God who is the Father of all peoples everywhere. And like all peoples, Russia s millions share our longing for a friendly and peaceful world.Regardless of the identity of government personalities, the prayer of us Americans continues to be that the Almighty will watch over the people of that vast country and bring them, in His wisdom, opportunity to live their lives in a world where all men and women and children dwell in peace and comradeship.That s right. Republicans sent condolences for a brutal dictator who murdered at least 10 million people and is known as one of the worst mass murderers of the 20th century.After Stalin died, Eisenhower even offered praise of Stalin and reached out to the Russian people in his  Chance for Peace  speech.The world knows that an era ended with the death of Joseph Stalin. The extraordinary 30-year span of his rule saw the Soviet Empire expand to reach from the Baltic Sea to the Sea of Japan, finally to dominate 800 million souls.The Soviet system shaped by Stalin and his predecessors was born of one World War. It survived with stubborn and often amazing courage a second World War. It has lived to threaten a third.Now a new leadership has assumed power in the Soviet Union. Its links to the past, however strong, cannot bind it completely. Its future is, in great part, its own to make.The United States was even represented at Stalin s funeral by U.S. Ambassador Jacob Beam.And when Mao Tse-tung died in September 1976, President Gerald Ford sent the following condolences: Mrs. Ford joins me in extending to you our deepest sympathy on the death of Chairman Mao Tse-tung. Chairman Mao had a profound impact on his era. . . . Please accept my personal condolences. So by attacking President Obama, Republicans are being total hypocrites. Yes, Fidel Castro was a terrible person. But he was still a human being and many people are mourning him in Cuba. Sending condolences is the human thing to do and it s the American way even if the foreign leader who died was our enemy. By extending our hand in friendship, we are sending a message to the Cuban people letting them know that we are with them and that we still want to work with them to make a better world for both of our nations. It s how diplomacy works. Petty statements like Trump s only do more harm than good.Featured image via Cagle",0
3666," FASCISM: Republicans Publish List Of ‘Anti-American’ Professors, Declare War On Higher Education","Conservatives have set up a fascist  professor watchlist  website in order to target professors they feel aren t conservative enough. As professors are teachers, and reality has a liberal bias, it s likely to get pretty extensive.The project, by Turning Point USA, was set up by 22-year-old conservative wonderboy Charlie Kirk, a young man who is clearly frustrated by the lack of reception among his peers for his fascist and anti-American ideals. The  about us  section on their website reads,  The mission of Professor Watchlist is to expose and document college professors who discriminate against conservative students and advance leftist propaganda in the classroom. Help us identify, and expose more professors who have demonstrated liberal bias in the classroom. Donate today! It s interesting that a group whose favorite slogan is  big government sucks!  doesn t understand how supporting the new administration s war on speech is the most intrusive government ever gets. It s important to remember that when a Republican says something bad about  big government,  they almost always want to replace it with a rich guy or corporation making the same decisions for you. They don t care about the public good, only private profit.It s notable that, as a 501(c)3, the purpose of the group should be religious, educational, literary, charitable, or scientific in nature. There are a couple of other qualifications as well, but the important thing to take away here is that an organization concentrated on smearing individuals for speech they believe is political in nature probably doesn t qualify, and any good citizen should file a complaint with the IRS. They re abusing the tax code to avoid revealing donors. If they endorse a candidate or could be construed as campaigning, their tax-exempt status will go out the window. This is only a step away. The rest of Turning Point s activities are not any more charitable or less political.Politics isn t enough for Republicans. They can t win the vote or argue policy   they have to gerrymander districts and cheat to win. They can t keep religion in the churches   they need everyone to believe the same way they do. They can t stomach free speech   they have to make war on the press, try to silence opposition, and shut down debate on college campuses.BBC reports:Nearly 150 professors are listed on the website. The list is searchable by school or name and includes pictures of the university teachers and descriptions of their alleged transgressions, backed up by links to conservative news sites. Almost all the instances on the website are people who not only oppose what we believe in but are very biased against it and don t present the other side,  says Matt Lamb, director of constitutional enforcement and transparency at Turning Point. We just want students, parents, alumni to know what s going on. So if an alumni is thinking of donating to a school they may want to know where their money is going, if they believe or agree or disagree with the professor s views. So far, it looks like students and professors are fighting back. Names like Jesus and Indiana Jones have been added, with appropriate descriptions of their liberal propaganda and agenda, and the hashtag #trollprofwatchlist trended a few days ago with people posting their troll submissions to the website. The more that are added, the more confusing and difficult the job of identifying disagreeing professors will be for the fascists.However, while silliness and trolling may temporarily undermine the usefulness of the site, the underlying danger presented cannot be ignored or denied. This is an age where Republicans have their own media, their own version of the world, and in many ways, their own truth (objectivity be damned!). This is an age where  fake news  lists are passed around based on a partisan slant (those of us on the left generally understand when something is fact or opinion   the other side, not so much). This is an age where lists of professors that have ideological disagreements with the authoritarian right wing get their names published online.With Trump s rhetoric, this becomes especially problematic. There is the potential that such a list could be used not only to deny alumni donations from a school, but actually used by the more rabid of Fuhrer Trump s followers to target these men and women. Conservatives believe this is a culture war, and they ll do anything to win.Featured image via screen capture",0
3667, WATCH: Kellyanne Conway Whines After Chuck Todd Calls Her Out For Always Blaming The Media,"Kellyanne Conway whined about the media again and Chuck Todd smacked her down.Donald Trump has serious conflicts of interest that he should have to resolve before he is allowed to set one foot in the White House.It s pretty clear that Trump intends to intermingle his business with politics over the next four years and that s a major problem the country does not need.That s why the Wall Street Journal is calling for him to liquidate his assets and focus entirely on running the country. Because running it part-time just simply won t do.But Kellyanne Conway, Trump s former campaign manager who must have problems looking at herself in the mirror every morning knowing that she sold her fucking soul to help install a dictator into the highest office in the land, complained on Meet The Press on Sunday morning that doing so would rob Trump s kids of controlling the business.Of course, that s bullshit. We all know that Trump s kids get their marching orders from their daddy. And the fact that Ivanka Trump has been sitting in on meetings with foreign leaders makes it clear that the conflict of interest will continue to exist even if Trump hands the company over to them.Conway argued that Trump has already put the country first by running for president and winning. And then she started to attack the media for not treating Donald Trump like a cool guy we can all trust. You know, Chuck, he has put the country ahead of everything else just by running and, indeed, winning and becoming president of the United States. I went and looked back at what all the press clips and conversations on shows like this were eight years ago, it was basically just debating on how cool Barack Obama is. So, we should at least   if we re not going to do that about President-elect Trump   we should at the very least trust him to do the right thing. Except that Donald Trump is not cool. He s a creep who sexually assaults women and brags about it. He s a selfish wealthy prick who sticks it to the taxpayers any chance he gets. And, like Conway, he s a thin-skinned whiner who can t handle criticism or the truth, which is why Chuck Todd called Conway out. I understand every knee-jerk push back is going to be to blame the media,  Todd said.  It s a crutch. I get it and I m used to it. Not by me!  Conway insisted.  That s not fair! Here s the video via YouTube:Oh, but it is fair, Kellyanne. And it s about time someone in the press called you out for it. In virtually every media appearance she makes, blaming the media is, indeed, the crutch Conway uses when having to deal with tough legitimate questions from journalists. She did it throughout the campaign and she is still doing it now. It s pathetic.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3668, Incompetent Trump Begged Thanksgiving Guests For Advice On Who Should Be Secretary Of State,"We all know that President-elect Donald Trump has no idea what he s doing in his new role, but he s becoming increasingly dangerous as he appoints billionaires and white supremacists to his cabinet   against the advice of basically everyone (besides his racist supporters).Now, a recent report is giving some insight on how Trump will chose his Secretary of State. According to a source that spoke to the New York Post, Trump left this decision up to his Thanksgiving party guests! The New York Post reported that someone who had attended Trump s Thanksgiving dinner party at his Mar-a-Lago club in Florida recalled that any moment Trump wasn t sitting down and eating with his family, he was running around asking club members who he should pick for his Secretary of State. The source said: Donald was walking around asking everybody he could about who should be his secretary of state. There was a lot of criticism about [Mitt] Romney, and a lot of people like Rudy [Giuliani]. There are also many people advocating for John Bolton. Featured image via Win McNamee / Getty Images",0
3669, Trump Attacks Hillary In PSYCHOTIC Twitter Meltdown Over Vote Recount (TWEETS),"To say that President-elect Donald Trump is bent out of shape over the recount initiated by Green Party candidate Jill Stein is a serious understatement. Not only did Trump recently call Stein s filing for a recount in Wisconsin a  scam,  but he had a meltdown of epic proportions on Twitter last night, which carried over into this morning.In a massive tweetstorm, Trump attacked his former rival for the White House, Hillary Clinton, and the Democratic Party. He tweeted: The Democrats, when they incorrectly thought they were going to win, asked that the election night tabulation be accepted. Not so anymore! Hillary Clinton conceded the election when she called me just prior to the victory speech and after the results were in. Nothing will change. Trump s obviously nervous, because there were already discrepancies in votes found in several precincts in Wisconsin   and they only showed on Trump s ballots. There s a problem when there are more votes than actual people who voted.Trump continued and tried to portray Clinton as a hypocrite for getting behind Stein s recount, using her own words against her. Quoting Clinton s response to Trump s own accusations that the election was  rigged  against him and his refusal to concede if he lost, Trump wrote: That is horrifying. That is not the way our democracy works. Been around for 240 years. We ve had free and fair elections. We ve accepted the outcomes when we may not have liked them, and that is what must be expected of anyone standing on a   during a general election. I, for one, am appalled that somebody that is the nominee of one of our two major parties would take that kind of position. Trump also pointed out that Clinton called Trump s refusal to accept the election s results  a direct threat to our democracy.  It should be noted that Clinton gracefully accepted the results, and promised to regardless of the outcome   unlike Trump. In a last attempt to make Clinton look bad, Trump used a quote from her concession speech. He tweeted: We have to accept the results and look to the future, Donald Trump is going to be our president. We owe him an open mind and the chance to lead. And completely oblivious to the fact that the Republican Party has wasted more than enough money on the ridiculous scavenger hunt into Clinton s emails, Trump said: So much time and money will be spent   same result! Sad. Here s the full tweetstorm:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterFeatured image via Andrew Renneisen / Getty Images",0
3670, Vicious Trump Fans Send BLOODCURDLING Threats To California Mosques In Boldest Move Yet,"Several mosques in California have received threatening letters from some of Trump s loyal subjects, which boldly proclaim that Trump is going to clean up America   starting with Muslims. They want him to, in their own words,  do to you Muslims what Hitler did to the jews [sic]. The letters were addressed to  the children of Satan,  and just got worse from there: Your day of reckoning has arrived,  the letter states, according to CAIR-LA.  There s a new sheriff in town  President Donald Trump. He s going to cleanse America and make it shine again. And, he s going to start with you Muslims. Perhaps they think Trump will be happy to deputize them in whatever crusade he launches against Muslims, and, well, pretty much everyone who isn t obviously white.This group is signing these letters as,  Americans For A Better Way,  because of course that s what they think they are.This is part of the rash of hate incidents and crimes that have occurred at the hands of Trumpkins since the Nov. 8 election. In fact, the Southern Poverty Law Center says that there had been more than 700 recorded hate incidents and crimes between the election and Nov. 18. That s more than seventy such incidents per day, compared to a little more than two anti-Trump incidents per day. And it s disgusting. It s terrifying.The Counsel for American-Islamic Relations in L.A. came forward with the letters that went to two mosques there after they learned that a mosque in Northern California had likewise gotten one. Executive Director Hassam Alyoush said: [People at the mosques are] disheartened that anyone would address fellow Americans, fellow human beings, in such a hateful, dehumanizing way.You always want to trust that most people are good, that your neighbors have been good, and that has been our experience. Sadly, for a growing number of people, believing that people are generally good is going to become a relic of the past if this keeps up. While CAIR and other organizations recognize that Trump didn t create racism (and neither did Obama), he did normalize it. He made it okay. He vindicated the lunatic fringe and now they re trying to work their way into mainstream dialogue. Ayloush said the  irresponsible, hateful rhetoric  of the Trump campaign has fueled  a level of vulgarity, vile hatred and anger among many self-proclaimed Trump supporters.' We can expect more mosques to receive letters like this (or worse), even as police in California begin investigating these incidents and stepping up protection where it s needed. Trump spends an awful lot of time railing against the media and against Democrats and his enemies, but he needs to rail against this. Otherwise he s truly the president of hate.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3671, Meet The Republicans Who May Actually Help Democrats Control The Senate And Thwart Trump,"We ve known for more than a year that some Republicans are less than thrilled with Donald Trump, and now they re even more irritated because he won and they get to put up with him. Now the party must grapple with his extreme agenda, and there are actually several Republican senators who are looking to block, or at least mitigate, some of what Trump wants to do.These aren t just any Republican senators, either. Many have a lot of influence and are seen as leaders, whether they re officially part of the leadership or not. They include Sens. Susan Collins (Maine), Jeff Flake and John McCain (Arizona), Rand Paul (Kentucky), Lamar Alexander (Tennessee), Ben Sasse (Nebraska) and Lindsey Graham (South Carolina).And all of them have different agenda items against which they ll work.One of the worst potential thorns in Trump s side could be Rand Paul. In 2013, he was part of the infuriating group that shut down the government for 16 days over the Affordable Care Act, but later said it was a  dumb idea.  He s been a terrible obstructionist, but he is willing and ready to use his obstructionism to filibuster Trump s cabinet picks.Yes, he will turn against his own to prevent some of Trump s cabinet nominations from getting confirmed if he has to. He spoke out against both John Bolton and Rudy Giuliani for Secretary of State, going so far as to call Bolton  a menace.  Bolton doesn t seem to be in the running anymore, but Giuliani is. There s a possibility that Paul might oppose other potential picks as well, depending on who they are and how Paul sees them.It would only take three Republicans to block Trump s nominees on the floor, assuming Democrats unite against any controversial picks.Susan Collins of Maine is more centrist than many of her Republican colleagues, and she s very good at building bipartisan coalitions, along with others in this group. If need be, they can gain control over an issue and take some of the wind out of the leadership s sails.Ben Sasse of Nebraska is prepared to challenge Trump on executive overreach. Trump has said, in plain language, that he plans to use executive orders to accomplish some of his agenda on his very first day in office. He also used words like  reign,  during his campaign, which Sasse took major issue with. Depending on what all those items are, Trump could feel pushback from Sasse and other conservatives looking to rein in the executive branch.John McCain carries a deep distrust of Trump s buddy Putin. He, Lindsey Graham and even Ben Sasse don t believe it s a smart idea for us to try and work more closely with Russia, especially if it comes at the expense of our European allies. That could mean opposing any effort to withdraw from NATO and opposing joining forces with Russia and Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad.We ve tried to  reset  relations with Russia before, and Putin decided to play conqueror and invade Ukraine. McCain rightfully believes Putin is not to be trusted. Considering his and Trump s bromance, Trump may not be trustworthy in this arena either, making McCain and Graham into major problems for him.Lamar Alexander has been urging his colleagues to proceed cautiously with trying to repeal the ACA because developing a replacement could take years. Simply pulling it out  root and branch  as quickly as possible could be disastrous for the U.S., particularly if it creates a vacuum while they re hashing out every idea imaginable for replacing it. It would especially hurt the working class, many of whom have been able to get healthcare thanks to expanded Medicaid coverage and who Trump claimed to represent.Alexander also has close relationships with Democratic Senators Chuck Schumer (the new minority leader), and Patty Murray. Patty Murray is the senior Democrat on the Senate Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee, which Alexander chairs. He can be a voice of reason sometimes, if for no other reason than he really doesn t like feeling like he must vote along party lines.It s true that some of these issues will put these senators at odds with each other. However, the Senate is split 51-48 right now, which could go to 51-49 depending on what happens in Louisiana next month. The narrow margin means it doesn t take many to create a pseudo-majority of Democrats in this environment.And while, yes, every one of these senators has been problematic for progress over the years, any Republican opposition to Trump could be extremely helpful.Every one of these senators has said that they ll take things issue by issue, rather than oppose Trump unilaterally. It s also hard to say just how committed to their issues they are vs. how committed to toeing the party line they are. If they actually remain true to their consciences, they ll be the senators we need to keep checks on the more extreme House, and on Trump s own insanity.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
3672, Google Maps HILARIOUSLY Trolls Trump – He’ll Be FURIOUS (IMAGES),"Donald Trump s pride and joy is the tacky, gaudy literal glass tower he lives in, known as Trump Tower. It, and other Trump structures around the nation and world, are the best indicators of the guy s undeniable and extreme narcissism, so making fun of them is sure to get The Donald s knickers in a twist   and that is just what Google Maps did on Saturday.For quite some time during the afternoon, Trump Tower showed up on Google Maps as  Dump Tower.  This did not go unnoticed on that bastion of internet trollery, Twitter. Here are just a few choice tweets, via The Hill:Look at what cute little Google Maps did   they labeled Trump Tower   ""Dump Tower"" pic.twitter.com/sKZ39bTB6o  MARK SIMONE (@MarkSimoneNY) November 27, 2016Rigged! @google Maps shows Trump Tower as ""Dump Tower"" pic.twitter.com/L8pZk1y0zc  Evan Smith (@evanasmith) November 26, 2016The Google Maps Trump hack is live ??? #DumpTrump #DumpTower pic.twitter.com/AuBe7GKjQ4  mcbc (@mcbc) November 27, 2016The Google Maps Trump hack is live ??? #DumpTrump #DumpTower pic.twitter.com/AuBe7GKjQ4  mcbc (@mcbc) November 27, 2016The best way to get under Trump s skin is, of course, is to mock him. During the election, everyone tried to shame him by painting him as unacceptable, by appealing to the better instincts of the electorate by pointing out his bigotry, misogyny, and other unsavory characteristics. However, since Trump and his supporters have no sense of shame, that didn t work. However, they DO have pride. They can t stand to be disagreed with, and they ESPECIALLY cannot stand to be mocked. So, keep it up, Google Maps and everyone else. Mock and troll the hell out of Trump for his entire presidency until his head explodes.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3673, The Amazon Reviews Of The Trump Christmas Ornament Are The Best Thing About The Election,"2016 has been a gawdawful year. We lost David Bowie, Prince, Gene Wilder, Elie Wiesel and more than I d care to mention. We re also losing perhaps the best president in any of our lifetimes, although hopefully he ll be on this earth for a long while to come. One of the most lasting legacies of 2016 will be the fact that Donald Trump prevailed and we are now facing a white supremacist (or at least someone who won t denounce white supremacy) as our next president.We can take small solace in the fact that the vast majority of Americans did not vote for Trump. Only 25 percent did. He lost the popular vote by a significant margin but because of the antiquated voter suppression tool called the Electoral College, Trump won.For those who voted for Trump, and those who didn t, there is one prevailing image, and that was Trump s  Make America Great Again  red trucker cap. In case you haven t seen enough of that cap, you can order a Christmas ornament of it from Amazon.com for the low, low price of just $209.99 (plus free shipping). The cap is made of brass, and like everything Trump, it s finished in 14 karat gold. Or is it 24 karat? The Amazon page doesn t seem to be sure.While I have no idea how many people actually bought this overpriced Christmas ornament, the Amazon comments were, as usual, the best part.Here are just a few:Even the sellers aren t fans of the Great Orange One. Here s how they re answering some of the questions: Well, the nation is in grief. The best thing we can do (outside of crossing all 10 fingers and all 10 toes that Jill Stein s recount will work) is choose to laugh instead of cry. That s what the people on Amazon are doing, anyway.Buy one, while it s still available.Featured image via eBay",0
3674," Trump EXPLODES, Attacks Jill Stein Over ‘Ridiculous Recount’ That Could Change Election Results (TWEET)","Despite the fact that many election experts have been hoping that the 2016 election results would be examined, Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton is being attacked by the Trump campaign for supporting the efforts of Green Party candidate Jill Stein to recount the votes in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania.Earlier today, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway unloaded on Clinton s campaign   but Trump couldn t just leave it at that. Shortly after Conway criticized the recount effort, Trump chimed in with a statement of his own. In Trump s response, he blamed Stein and the Green Party for their  ridiculous  recount  scam  and accused Stein of trying to profit from it. Trump said: The people have spoken and the election is over, and as Hillary Clinton herself said on election night, in addition to her conceding by congratulating me,  We must accept this result and then look to the future. It is important to point out that with the help of millions of voters across the country, we won 306 electoral votes on Election Day   the most of any Republican since 1988   and we carried nine of 13 battleground states, 30 of 50 states, and more than 2,600 counties nationwide   the most since President Ronald Reagan in 1984. This recount is just a way for Jill Stein, who received less than one percent of the vote overall and wasn t even on the ballot in many states, to fill her coffers with money, most of which she will never even spend on this ridiculous recount. All three states were won by large numbers of voters, especially Pennsylvania, which was won by more than 70,000 votes. This is a scam by the Green Party for an election that has already been conceded, and the results of this election should be respected instead of being challenged and abused, which is exactly what Jill Stein is doing. Trump is right that Clinton conceded the election, but she s not legally bound to that   and it s especially insane that Trump would use her concession as part of his argument because he once said he wouldn t concede. Another glaring mistake in Trump s argument is his  the people have spoken  statement, which is hilarious considering Clinton won the popular vote by a landslide, as The Atlantic s David Frum pointed out:TwitterIn Wisconsin, there have already been four precincts that were reported to have discrepancies. Trump and his team are not hiding their anxiety over this issue very well, and they have every reason to be worried.Featured image via Win McNamee and Ty Wright / Getty Images",0
3675, ‘Losers’: Kellyanne Conway Responds To Clinton Campaign Joining Recount Efforts,"Officials in Wisconsin are preparing to conduct a full statewide recount of the votes from the 2016 election after a request was filed by Jill Stein and she s pledged to file for recounts in Michigan and Pennsylvania, too. The initial vote totals counted in three precincts in Wisconsin is a problem. Michigan had to revise its vote totals as well. The Clinton campaign has decided to get behind Jill Stein s efforts which now focus on three battleground states.Donald Trump said the election would be  rigged  and suddenly, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway disagrees. Conway spoke with Bloomberg and called the Clinton campaign  sore loser  and part of a  ridiculous  effort. What a pack of sore losers,  Conway said in a statement.  After asking Mr. Trump and his team a million times on the trail,  Will HE accept the election results?  it turns out Team Hillary and their new BFF Jill Stein can t accept reality. Rather than adhere to the tradition of graciously conceding and wishing the winner well, they ve opted to waste millions of dollars and dismiss the democratic process. The people have spoken. Time to listen up. #YesYourPresident,  Conway said.Trump, too, addressed the recount, saying,  The people have spoken and the election is over, and as Hillary Clinton herself said on election night, in addition to her conceding by congratulating me,  We must accept this result and then look to the future.  He also called it a  scam. This is a scam by the Green Party for an election that has already been conceded, and the results of this election should be respected instead of being challenged and abused, which is exactly what Jill Stein is doing,  Trump added.If Trump was elected legitimately, then he should have no problem with a recount. As for scams, he knows a lot about that subject. Projection is his forte.Hillary now leads the popular vote by 2.2 million and that number is expected to increase.Photo by Kevin Hagen via Getty.",0
3676, WATCH: CVS Employees Hide In Back Room And Call Cops After Black Man Tries To Buy Cheese,"An African-American man made a late night trip with a friend to a CVS in Carytown, Virginia when he managed to do something so terrifying that it sent the staff scrambling to the back room while they waited for police to arrive   he asked if they sold cheese. That particular CVS does not, in fact, sell cheese, but Ricky Berry (who made the voyage de fromage with his roommate) says that the staff disappeared after one of them explained that they don t sell sandwich cheese. We looked around for probably 30, 45 minutes and we couldn t find anybody,  Berry s roommate said, adding that they had encountered another customer who wanted to buy Orajel but could not find anyone to help. After a while, a police officer showed up and searched the store with the duo of cheese-loving men.  He was laughing with us because, like, this is how weird, apocalyptic movies start.  They found the employees cowering in the back room. The officer then made some calls and told them they would have to leave. We re being kicked out because they were scared of us and hiding,  Berry said,  He just told us that we need to leave premises or else we would be arrested for trespassing and that flipped the script on all of us. We had no idea what was going on. The men were unsuccessful in their attempt to contact the store manager but did receive a fauxpology from CVS, who explained that the racist employee was being counseled and retrained rather than fired.Watch a report on this latest example of what will become normal with Donald Trump as President below:Featured image via screengrab",0
3677, How Obama And Trump Responded To Fidel Castro’s Death Says So Much About Who These Men Are,"President Obama couldn t be more different from his successor, Donald Trump. Obama has so much class and grace. As for Trump, well, not so much. Their responses to the death of Fidel Castro say so much about who these men, and their supporters by default, really are. And the differences between them are abundantly clear.Obama responded with respect and compassion. His carefully crafted words are just one more example of the quiet dignity we have come to expect from this man and his family. Here is what the president had to say on Castro s passing:At this time of Fidel Castro s passing, we extend a hand of friendship to the Cuban people. We know that this moment fills Cubans   in Cuba and in the United States   with powerful emotions, recalling the countless ways in which Fidel Castro altered the course of individual lives, families, and of the Cuban nation. History will record and judge the enormous impact of this singular figure on the people and world around him.For nearly six decades, the relationship between the United States and Cuba was marked by discord and profound political disagreements. During my presidency, we have worked hard to put the past behind us, pursuing a future in which the relationship between our two countries is defined not by our differences but by the many things that we share as neighbors and friends   bonds of family, culture, commerce, and common humanity. This engagement includes the contributions of Cuban Americans, who have done so much for our country and who care deeply about their loved ones in Cuba.Today, we offer condolences to Fidel Castro s family, and our thoughts and prayers are with the Cuban people. In the days ahead, they will recall the past and also look to the future. As they do, the Cuban people must know that they have a friend and partner in the United States of America.Trump s response had none of the elegance that President Obama is so well known for. Naturally, Trump started off with a tweet.Fidel Castro is dead!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 26, 2016After Trump was slammed for his four-word response, he released a statement that was every bit as crass and hateful as you would expect from a bombastic billionaire who built his campaign on fear and bigotry.Today, the world marks the passing of a brutal dictator who oppressed his own people for nearly six decades. Fidel Castro s legacy is one of firing squads, theft, unimaginable suffering, poverty and the denial of fundamental human rights.While Cuba remains a totalitarian island, it is my hope that today marks a move away from the horrors endured for too long, and toward a future in which the wonderful Cuban people finally live in the freedom they so richly deserve.Though the tragedies, deaths and pain caused by Fidel Castro cannot be erased, our administration will do all it can to ensure the Cuban people can finally begin their journey toward prosperity and liberty. I join the many Cuban Americans who supported me so greatly in the presidential campaign, including the Brigade 2506 Veterans Association that endorsed me, with the hope of one day soon seeing a free Cuba.Trump s statement, when compared to President Obama s response really does say it all, doesn t it? We are in for a very long four years. Here s to hoping the 2020 election comes before the four horsemen.Featured image via Sean Gallup/Getty Images and Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
3678, WATCH: Trump Supporter Tells Muslims That They Will Be Treated Like Hitler Treated The Jews,"This madness needs to stop and that means Donald Trump should not be president.Trump supporters have been rampaging ever since Election Day. Emboldened by the results, they have committed hundreds of hate crimes and the number continues to rise. Nazis and racists are celebrating because they believe Trump will turn America into a  whites only  nation.And one Trump supporter couldn t have made that any clearer.A San Jose mosque recently received a threatening letter from a Trump supporter promising them that Trump will treat them like Hitler treated the Jews. As we all know, six million Jews were systematically exterminated during World War II in an effort to wipe them out. In short, this Trump supporter threatened Muslims with mass genocide.Referring to them as the  Children of Satan,  the Trump supporter praised Trump and declared that he will  cleanse  America. You Muslims are vile and evil people,  the letter began before hurling racist insults at their fathers and mothers.  There s a new sheriff in town President Donald Trump. He s going to cleanse America and make it shine again. And he s going to start with you Muslims. He s going to do to you Muslims what Hitler did to the Jews. You Muslims would be wise to pack your bags and get out of Dodge. This is a great time for patriotic Americans. Long live President Trump and God bless the USA. The Trump supporter didn t even have the balls to use their real name, cowardly signing the letter,  Americans for a Better Way. Here s an image of the letter via Twitter.(2). @SanJosePD investigating. Letter: You worship the devil. But your day of reckoning has arrived . Calls Muslims  vile  &  filthy people  pic.twitter.com/99WGI2giLF  Damian Trujillo (@newsdamian) November 26, 2016San Jose police are now investigating but the mosque refuses to let hate win. We wanted to let law enforcement know so that in case there s an unfortunate event people are prepared,  Evergreen Islamic Center Board President Faisal Yazadi told ABC7.  Our doors are never locked. I hope that person knows that we re more than happy to have a dialogue. Hopefully, we learn a thing or two from him or her, and he or she learns something from us. Here s the video via NBC.Donald Trump has done nothing but bring about a rise of hate in this country and he hasn t even taken office yet. Just imagine how emboldened his supporters will be once that happens. The Electoral College can stop Trump from being president. All they have to do is vote for Hillary Clinton on December 19th. And we can do our part by asking them to do so by signing this petition. Hate cannot be allowed to win in this country, therefore, we need to make sure Trump loses.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3679," Clinton Campaign Announces BAD News For Trump, Will Participate In Recount (TWEETS)","On Saturday morning, Hillary Clinton s campaign counsel posted a statement to Medium to announce that the campaign will back recounts in Pennsylvania and Michigan if Green Party candidate Jill Stein follows through with reexamining the votes in those states.The post was written by attorney Marc Erik Elias, who said that the campaign had been questioning the results since the election ended, weighing different options. Elias said: It should go without saying that we take these concerns extremely seriously. We certainly understand the heartbreak felt by so many who worked so hard to elect Hillary Clinton, and it is a fundamental principle of our democracy to ensure that every vote is properly counted. Since the day after the election we have had lawyers and data scientists and analysts combing over the results to spot anomalies that would suggest a hacked result. These have included analysts both from within the campaign and outside, with backgrounds in politics, technology and academia. TwitterTwitterTwitterElias said that although actionable evidence of hacking or outside attempts to alter the voting technology  was not found, Stein s successful movement to get votes recounted in Wisconsin has persuaded the Clinton campaign to support the initiative. Now that a recount has been initiated in Wisconsin, we intend to participate in order to ensure the process proceeds in a manner that is fair to all sides. If Jill Stein follows through as she has promised and pursues recounts in Pennsylvania and Michigan, we will take the same approach in those states as well. We do so fully aware that the number of votes separating Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in the closest of these states Michigan well exceeds the largest margin ever overcome in a recount. But regardless of the potential to change the outcome in any of the states, we feel it is important, on principle, to ensure our campaign is legally represented in any court proceedings and represented on the ground in order to monitor the recount process itself. Echoing Stein s own words about making sure that America s elections maintain integrity, Elias said: We believe we have an obligation to the more than 64 million Americans who cast ballots for Hillary Clinton to participate in ongoing proceedings to ensure that an accurate vote count will be reported. Elias  entire statement can be read here. On Friday afternoon, Stein had filed for a recount in Wisconsin, promising to also follow through in Pennsylvania and Michigan, where Trump is leading by narrow margins. The deadline Stein must file for recounts in those states is Monday and Wednesday.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
3680, Hateful Letter To Food Bank PROVES We Need Food Stamps (IMAGE),"A few days before Thanksgiving, a food bank in Central Texas received a letter that was so hateful it could only have been written by a Trump supporter.Dear Foodbank:I don t understand who these poor folks are that need food. I assume they consist primarily of illegals, who come to Texas for  free stuff.  And of course, our unemployed Africans, who find work too much trouble, especially when they can collect the equivalent of $40,000 a year on welfare, and other  benefits  offered to the unfit, the lazy, and the under-educated and of course, the drug addicts.I expect that most who need food are marching around whining that the congenital liar, Hillary Rodham Clinton, lost the election. Too bad; How sad.I also wonder if your organization is not one of those Phoney-Baloney, so-called  charities,  designed primarily to provide a good living to its organizers.In sort, no way.Signed,Citizen RobespierreNaturally, the food bank was mortified. The lack of empathy was disturbing,  says Paul Gaither, marketing and communications director for the Food Bank.  Most of the letters we receive say things like  we don t have anything to contribute  or  please take me off your list,  but this one was a little different. It s important that we don t categorize the people we serve as  takers  Gaither said.  Most of the people we serve have fallen on hard times or are the working poor who just can t make ends meet, and that can happen to anyone. Source: GivingCityAustinBefore I tackle how this proves we need food stamps, let s talk about the misconceptions in the surprisingly literate letter. First off, food should never be treated as a luxury. You can absolutely not call yourself pro-life while at the same time advocating that people should starve. Of the 37 million people who are fed every year by food banks, 14 million of them are children and 3 million are seniors.As for undocumented immigrants, well, they aren t crossing the border to eat at food banks. They are crossing the border, for the most part, to work and that s what they do. Collectively, undocumented immigrants contribute almost $12 billion each year to our country because they pay taxes and get nothing in return. We should be thanking them instead of sending hateful notes about them.It s not just unemployed people who need food banks, so do people who work minimum wage jobs. Texas happens to be among the states with the very lowest wages. Only Alabama, Arkansas, Tennessee and Mississippi have lower wages. In other words, in states like Texas, laziness has nothing to do with the ability to put food on the table.Now, back to the food stamps argument. One Republican argument has always been that if the government stops offering a social safety net, private charities will pick up the slack. While that sounds like a beautiful idea (sort of), it s simply not true. People s ability to eat should not depend on the whims of people, nor should it depend on the economy or whether a charity can effectively market itself. We tried that in the past. It didn t work.Instead, that time in history proved that privately funded charities can be both bigoted and very selective in who they cover. If you can imagine the writer of this letter, for example, giving to any charity, do you honestly think (s)he d give to a charity that serviced minority areas? No. That s where government comes in. Making sure Americans have enough food is our moral prerogative. Relying on bigots like Citizen Robespierre should be out of the question, no matter who is hungry.As for the Central Texas Food Bank, well, they are a damn good charity. They score 100 out of 100 on Charity Navigator. The vast majority of the people they serve are not homeless. 1/3 of the recipients are white.Featured image via State Farm/Flickr.",0
3681, Battleground State To Move Forward With UNPRECEDENTED Statewide General Election Recount,"Perhaps the Green Party isn t so useless after all. Jill Stein s push for recounts in some battleground states is gaining momentum. Stein raised $5 million to cover the costs of recounts over the Thanksgiving holiday, and as soon as the Green Party pays its fee, the Wisconsin Elections Board is prepared to go forward with a statewide recount.The elections board has already put an internal team together, they ve been working with their county clerks, and they ve arranged for the necessary legal counsel from the Wisconsin Department of Justice. Michael Haas, the election board s administrator, said: We plan to hold a teleconference meeting for county clerks next week and anticipate the recount will begin late in the week after the Stein campaign has paid the recount fee, which we are still calculating. This is unlike the Florida recounts in 2000, where the vote was so close it automatically triggered a machine recount. From there, well, we all remember how it spiraled out of control. Al Gore won the popular vote that year, but not nearly to the degree that Hillary has won this year s popular vote.Also, Wisconsin does not have an automatic recount trigger   a candidate has to request a recount no matter how close the vote is.A battleground state recount isn t going to help Jill Stein any, and she knows that, so what s her game here? She says she s worried that foreign hackers skewed our votes and elected Trump for us. The Green Party is actually asking Wisconsin for a reconciliation of paper records, which goes a step beyond a simple vote recount   it s an audit of paper ballots and paper trails from electronic voting machines. They re focusing on the substantial increase of absentee ballots in Wisconsin, along with the electronic voting systems that have been under scrutiny since we began seeing massive cyberattacks from parties interested in influencing our election results.Stein s fundraising website makes it clear that they know there s no guarantee any states in which the Greens are petitioning will actually move on to a recount, and she does admit that they don t have a smoking gun that proves Trump s win is illegitimate.In fact, Wisconsin actually doesn t believe a recount will change anything, despite the fact that some major vote discrepancies have already been found. Howver, provided all paperwork is filed properly, they will generally proceed with their recounts regardless.Hillary is now leading the national popular vote by 2.1 million, and is approaching a 2 percent margin. That s a greater margin than John F. Kennedy, Richard Nixon, Grover Cleveland, James A. Garfield, and James K. Polk had when they were elected. If her lead continues to grow, she could approach Jimmy Carter s margin, and perhaps George W. Bush s margin of victory in 2004.Hillary and her campaign have stayed quietly out of the recount debate thus far. Stein and the Green Party are pushing for recounts in both Michigan and Pennsylvania as well, but it s not yet known whether those two states will actually do it. It s also not clear whether this could flip the election. What Wisconsin does in the coming days could set an interesting tone.Photo of Donald Trump by Bill Pugliano/Getty Images. Photo of Hillary Clinton by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3682, Democratic Leadership BLASTS Trump And Republicans For Targeting Medicare,"Republicans are already touting their intention to dismantle Medicare and Donald Trump is poised to be the rubber stamp. But Democrats are prepared to do whatever it takes to stop them.House Speaker Paul Ryan has been waiting for a puppet president to come along for a long time now so that he can get his plan to kill Medicare signed into law.Now he has one, and has made little effort to hide his intention to target Medicare on the first day Trump takes office.Ryan s plan would privatize Medicare, which basically means he would give it to Wall Street and turn it into a voucher system. Medicare itself would whither of the vine and die and anyone who is on Medicare or looked forward to it would be shit out of luck because they would get less care at higher prices.On Tuesday, Kellyanne Conway even signaled that Trump will consider Ryan s proposal to gut Medicare. He will, I m sure, take a look at Speaker Ryan s proposal and other proposals,  Conway said.  In this case, he will go ahead and look at alternatives. Well, if Republicans thought they would be able to just jam through whatever laws they want, they are gravely mistaken.Incoming Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer fired a warning shot at the GOP on Friday making it clear that Democrats will fight tooth and nail to block any Republican bill that dismantles the popular healthcare program that has been working perfectly since 1966 when it was enacted. The Republicans  ideological and visceral hatred of government could deny millions of senior citizens across the country the care they need and deserve,  Schumer said.  To our Republican colleagues considering this path, Democrats say,  Make our day.  Your effort will fail, and this attack on our seniors will not stand. Nancy Pelosi chimed in with a warning of her own. It s ideological with the speaker to take away the guarantee of Medicare,  she said.  But [the program] is a fundamental pillar of health and economic security. And we will not go down that path. In short, Democrats in the House and Senate are prepared to to obstruct Republicans in the same way they obstructed President Obama over the last eight years. And that s exactly what Democrats need to do. They need to more vicious and uncooperative than Republicans ever were. It s time to give them a taste of their own medicine for America s sake. Anything less should be punished harshly when the midterm elections roll around in 2018. So Democrats better hold the line and fiercely defend America s social contract or they can expect primary challenges. There is absolutely no excuse for Democrats to treat Trump better than Republicans treated President Obama. In fact, there is every reason to treat him worse. The future of our country depends on it.Featured Image: Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
3683, What Cards Against Humanity Did With Your Black Friday Money Is The Best Thing Of The Year (VIDEO),"Capitalism is a crazy system. On Black Friday, we celebrate consumerism at its finest   but Cards Against Humanity has typically refused to be part of the most insane shopping day of the year, whether they are peddling literal bull shit, raising their prices for the shopping holiday, or literally selling nothing at all. This year, the gaming company decided to let people throw their money into a gigantic hole in the earth. The holidays are here, and everything in America is going really well. To celebrate Black Friday,  the company writes on their website.  Cards Against Humanity is digging a tremendous hole in the earth.  They have vowed to keep paying some people to dig a hole in the ground for absolutely no reason as long as people are willing to throw their money away on such nonsense.At the time of writing, people have been willing to spend around $40,000 on a gigantic hole in the ground on corporate America s most profitable day. According to the company, the hole   which is real   is in  America. And in our hearts. Some companies take a stand against Black Friday in small ways, but there s nothing better than actually dumping people s money into a hole in the ground.You can watch the hole being dug below. WARNING: it s inexplicably addictive.Featured image via screengrab",0
3684, CAUGHT ON CAMERA: Trump Supporter Goes RABID Against Hillary Supporters On Flight (VIDEO),"There definitely seems to be a new sense of entitlement among Donald Trump supporters now that he won the Electoral College count in the presidential election. They can t exactly say he won via popular support seeing as Hillary Clinton currently leads by over 2 million votes.However, these Trump supporting bullies are out there nonetheless, with seemingly a permission slip from the new bully-in-chief-elect, to be as awful to others as they want to be. After all, Trump was a bully to pretty much everyone and still won the election.One of the most recent examples of this bullying behavior was caught on camera.While boarding a plane, one Trump supporter was outright being plane vile to anyone who voted for Hillary Clinton. Even shouting: We got some Hillary bitches on here?! Then proceeds to say: Donald Trump! He s y alls president. Every god damn one of yas. If you don t like it, too bad. Regardless of the bad grammar or the obvious observation that he may very well be intoxicated, this sort of entitled bully behavior has been seen all over the country.What is even more startling, is that people seem to be allowing it and staying silent as he rants.We have to speak up or people like this will continue to think it s okay. This man should ve been tossed from the plane, but he wasn t. This isn t okay.Watch this Trump supporter be exactly like the bully we also know his leader to be: The epitome of post-election white privilege. He wasn t put off the plane in spite of multiple requests. pic.twitter.com/9ZvMhLgLYs  Shaun King (@ShaunKing) November 24, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
3685, Harvard Law Professor Calls For Electoral College To Dump Trump,"Donald Trump is a threat to the continuing survival of our nation and democracy. And the only thing that can stop him is the Electoral College.That s why Harvard law professor Lawrence Lessig is openly calling upon the Electoral College to save us from this abomination that has made a mockery of our Constitution without even setting one foot inside the White House yet.Most Americans would agree that the Electoral College is an outdated part of our election that should be removed. But in this instance, it the last hope America has to keep Trump and his racist minions from destroying our country.In an op-ed for the Washington Post, Lessig points out that the Founding Fathers adopted the Electoral College as an additional check on our elections to make sure that demagogues and con artists like Donald Trump don t get to be president.Hillary Clinton currently has more than a 2 million vote lead over Trump in the popular vote, which means the will of the American people has been trampled by an electoral system that Republicans may very well have rigged this year, which is why Jill Stein has raised enough money to trigger a recount in three battleground states.On December 19th, the electors will meet to cast their votes for president and vice-president. And when they do, they have a chance to put the rightful winner of the 2016 Election in the White House.According to Lessig, the Electoral College  is not meant to deny a reasonable judgment by the people. It is meant to be a circuit breaker   just in case the people go crazy. In this election, the people did not go crazy. The winner, by far, of the popular vote is the most qualified candidate for president in more than a generation. Like her or not, no elector could have a good-faith reason to vote against her because of her qualifications. Choosing her is thus plainly within the bounds of a reasonable judgment by the people. The framers left the electors free to choose. They should exercise that choice by leaving the election as the people decided it: in Clinton s favor.In short, electors need to do the right and moral thing and vote for Hillary Clinton, even if it means being fined for voting their conscience.Over 4 million Americans have already signed a petition asking the Electoral College to vote for Clinton. Fell free to sign it by clicking here.These electors have a responsibility to keep our country from burning down to the ground. Trump has already proven that he isn t taking the presidency seriously and that he intends put our government into the hands of people who want to destroy it.Lessig is right to ask the electors to switch their votes to Clinton and the rest of us need to ask them to do it, too. We need to support them and tell them we have their back. Sure, conservatives will bitch about it. But at this point, who really gives a shit about them anyway? They voted for a tyrant, therefore, their opinions no longer matter.Featured Image: Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
3686, Alabama Trump Supporter Gets Fired For Incredibly Racist Rant About The Obamas (IMAGE),"Her viral post won her the title of  racist of the week. June Pridmore somehow got a job working as the vice-president of loan operations at a Regions Bank in Alabama, but after investigating a recent Facebook post she wrote, Pridmore no longer has a job.In an atrocious, incoherent, and racist post featuring multiple misspellings and poor grammar that make one wonder how the bank picked her for the job in the first place, Pridmore ranted about her support of Donald Trump and trashed President Obama and his wife First Lady Michelle Obama. I voted him in,  Pridmore began in reference to Trump.  I like him. He has a beautiful wife unlike the ugly and embarrassing woman (for lack of a better word), in the White House now. Ms. Trump s face would make Michele (sic) O Bama (sic) a Sunday face. Seriously, does this women not have spellcheck? I m certainly glad [Trump] he has a lot of money because she he (sic) won t be bought out like Barack (sic), socialist Muslim O Bama (sic) or his wife or all those host of relatives they have in the whitehouse (sic) for US to support. Oh, you mean his two kids and mother-in-law? That s only three people, and two of them really didn t have a choice since they are kids. On the other hand, Donald Trump s family is way bigger and they ve all made a mint mooching off the government and taxpayer dollars. Plus, it is costing taxpayers $1 million a day to protect Trump in his New York Trump Tower apartment.But Primore still wasn t done. She ranted about President Obama s vacations, which are less than the number of vacations President Bush and President Reagan took during their presidencies. And Trump has already expressed his desire to be a part-time president who spends most days at his golden tower or on the golf course instead of in the White House working.And then she said this: If any idiot out there thinks that is justified, you deserved him as president. I prefer a man who can buy Michele (sic) and Barack and sell them several times over. Yep, she went there. A definite reference to slavery.And she went on to bitch about people who are unemployed, calling them  lazy non-working takers. Here s an image of the post via Facebook.This post was too much for Regions Bank, who fired Pridmore after receiving many complaints.Bank spokesman Jeremy King announced the canning in a statement. We appreciate the concerns shared about offensive social media comments that were made through an associate s personal Facebook account. We want you to know that we share those concerns. Those comments do not reflect our values as a company or the way we do business. The associate is no longer an employee of the company. So now Pridmore is unemployed and has the new title,  Racist of the Week.  Of course that title won t pay the bills unless Donald Trump has position open for another ignorant racist. Maybe she can use Jeff Sessions as a reference.Featured Image: Facebook",0
3687, WATCH: Donald Trump Is Considering Gutting Medicare And Giving It To Wall Street,"If you re on Medicare or close to qualifying for Medicare and you voted for Donald Trump, you re a special kind of stupid who just got screwed.House Speaker Paul Ryan can t wait for rubber stamp puppet Donald Trump to take over the White House.He and his fellow Republicans have waited for years to throw hard-working Americans off a cliff and now they are about to get what they always wanted.The GOP has hated Medicare since President Lyndon Johnson signed the program into law in 1965. Medicare is a single-payer system that Americans pay into every time they get a paycheck. And when they turn 65 they can enroll and get a large part of their healthcare coverage taken care of by the federal government. Over 55 million Americans currently rely on Medicare. The program is fiscally solvent through 2028 and a simple way to make it infinitely solvent would be to apply the payroll tax to all income over $100,000.But none of those facts matter to Trump and the Republicans in Congress.You see, they want to privatize the program, which is code for giving it to Wall Street. And as we all know, Wall Street isn t exactly the best place to keep our money. If President Bush had privatized Social Security, something Republicans also want to do while Trump is in charge, the recession would have wiped out the funds and millions of senior citizens would have been left in dire straits.But Trump minion Kellyanne Conway told PBS on Tuesday that Trump is willing to consider Ryan s plan to dismantle Medicare. President-elect Trump has made very clear that he wants to make good on the promises that we as a nation have made to the seniors who rely upon Medicare, and certainly the lower income Americans who rely upon Medicaid and other entitlements like Social Security, frankly, for those who receive that,  she claimed.Ryan s plan however would raise the the retirement age of Medicare and turn it into a voucher system that won t be guaranteed like the system that we have now. He will, I m sure, take a look at Speaker Ryan s proposal and other proposals,  Conway continued.  In this case, he will go ahead and look at alternatives as long as it does not interfere with what he has said, his commitment to keep the promises to those currently relying on them. Here s the video via PBS. The Medicare remarks are at the 5:20 mark.Trump is already backing away from just about every campaign promise he has made and Medicare is no different.According to Talking Points Memo,During the campaign Trump had vowed that he was  not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid.  Now, his transition website states that he will  modernize  Medicare,  so that it will be ready for the challenges with the coming retirement of the Baby Boom generation   and beyond  and  [m]aximize flexibility for States [sic] in administering Medicaid. In other words, gutting Medicare and handing what s left to Wall Street is on the table, and if Republicans have their way the program will be dead within the next four years.That means every senior citizen who relies on Medicare for their healthcare needs should start preparing for the higher costs, less care, and less government oversight that comes with handing large government programs that work to vultures. And while seniors may get a half-assed version of Medicare, anyone else who hasn t reached retirement will get nothing but a voucher that isn t worth shit.Frankly, if you are a senior citizen or a worker who has paid into Medicare in hopes that it will be there for you when you need it, you re out of luck. And if you voted for Donald Trump and the GOP, you deserve the reaming you are about to receive.Featured Image: Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
3688, UNCOVERED: Ivanka’s Response to Father’s Remarks About Wanting To Bang Her,"Donald Trump has had a lot to say about his daughter Ivanka and some of his old quotes makes people think he wants to bang her. Actually, the quotes aren t that old.When Trump appeared on  The View  in March 2006 with Ivanka, the alleged billionaire was asked how he would react if Playboy magazine were to ever feature his daughter s picture on its cover. I don t think Ivanka would do that inside the magazine,  Trump said.  Although she does have a very nice figure. I ve said that if Ivanka weren t my daughter, perhaps I would be dating her.  An conservative anti-Trump launched a radio ad earlier this year featuring Trump s bizarre remarks about his daughter.  He told Rolling Stone that if he weren t happily married and his daughter s father,  the narrator says, adding,  he d  well, he didn t finish the thought, but you can guess what he meant.  Trump has made remarks about kissing his daughter, too.We ve all seen the creepy photos of Donald Trump with Ivanka as she was growing up.Sarah Kendzior dug up a 2006 quote from Ivanka.Never saw much reporting on Ivanka s response to Trump saying he wanted to date her:  If he wasn t my father, I would spray him with Mace.  pic.twitter.com/RVlP4DdIc1  Sarah Kendzior (@sarahkendzior) November 24, 2016In response to Trump s remarks about dating her if she wasn t his daughter, Ivanka said,  If he wasn t my father, I would spray him with Mace. Mediaite notes that the quote can be found at the bottom of this page in the Chicago Tribune s  Quoteables  section in 2006.Adding to that, Washington Post columnist Richard Cohen wrote that Trump once asked,  Is it wrong to be more sexually attracted to your own daughter than your wife?  However, that quote was removed before the column was published Tuesday.Ivanka was only 13-years-old when that remark was allegedly made. And today, he s the president-elect and an admitted Pussy Grabber.Ivanka, if you ever need help blink four times on camera. We re here for you._____________________________________________________________________________________Photo by Jeff Swensen via Getty.",0
3689, Trump’s Pathetic Thanksgiving Message Of ‘Unity’ Gets The Treatment It Deserves,"Hours before Thanksgiving Day began, Donald Trump once again called for that  unity  thing that conservatives think only white presidents deserve, and he got hammered for it.Trump had the gall to express  hope  that tensions in this country will begin to heal, even though he also seemed to whine that they weren t healing fast enough. He even had the nerve to reference Abraham Lincoln, the president whom conservatives also hated and refused to unite behind.Here s his full bullshit message via Twitter.Let us give thanks for all that we have, and let us boldly face the exciting new frontiers that lie ahead. Happy Thanksgiving. pic.twitter.com/yH6LYdS2ts  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 24, 2016Clearly, Trump was using a teleprompter to deliver this message, which is something else conservatives have constantly attacked President Obama for doing.But Trump s message was not a welcome one and people mocked him and told him exactly how they feel about him.Fun fact: The pilgrims were undocumented immigrants. Happy Thanksgiving, @RealDonaldTrump! https://t.co/C1h7vqUqhK  Gabe Ort z (@TUSK81) November 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump You lost by 2M votes.. also, get your kids out of the government s business  bb (@beebigelow) November 24, 2016@beebigelow @crochettie @tgrfan42069 @realDonaldTrump Facts mean nothing to these people. If they had then Trump wouldn t have won.  JeanMarie (@JeanMarie91558) November 24, 2016@itsFranco @realDonaldTrump and Hillary is winning popular vote by over 2 million so . pic.twitter.com/BGyx7WwbMj  Tessa Reader (@Read4News) November 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump pic.twitter.com/1mDO2B7ESa  ? (@DeadlyEchelon) November 24, 2016@Toyland1960 @DeadlyEchelon @realDonaldTrump is that his mouth, or is that his anus? Can t tell. ?  Tina Kwentus (@lvmaus) November 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump you can choke on the wishbone  Pedro Becerra (@XPedroBecerraX) November 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump crazy conman??????  Dahlia_Angel (@apelsinkaX) November 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump die  Matt (@drayIor) November 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump Wasn t Thanksgiving founded from the brutal demolition of another culture? Ironically similar to your campaign ideals  Beth M (@bethmassanopoli) November 24, 2016@realDonaldTrump fuck you.  Chris Rager (@ragercoaster) November 24, 2016Trump has no right to ask for unity after he spent a year and a half using offensive, hateful, and divisive rhetoric. And conservatives have no right to complain about Democrats refusing to support Trump after the way they treated President Obama over the last eight years. If anything, this hypocritical asshole should get even worse treatment because turnabout is fair play and he doesn t deserve respect.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3690, Hannity Tells Trump To Ban All Media Outlets From The White House Except Fox News,"Sean Hannity wants to destroy freedom of the press by punishing any news outlet that told the ugly truth about Donald Trump.During his radio show on Tuesday, Trump s most frequent ass kisser suggested that Trump bar certain networks from the White House press room because he says they  colluded  with the Clinton campaign and that they should be banned until they admit it, even though these networks were merely doing their jobs by covering all the bullshit Trump was saying and doing throughout his campaign. Maybe Donald Trump should rethink how he deals with media,  Hannity said. Why should CNN have a seat in the White House press room? Why should NBC have a seat there? Why should The New York Times have a seat there, or Politico? They all think they re journalists, they re all full of crap, and they ve all been exposed. Until members of the media come clean about colluding with the Clinton campaign and admit that they knowingly broke every ethical standard they are supposed to uphold, they should not have the privilege, they should not have the responsibility of covering the president on behalf of you, the American people. Hannity continued his tirade on Twitter on Wednesday by calling prominent networks like ABC, NBC, and CNN  biased  and  fake news  and repeated his call for Trump to blacklist them from having access.@politico @CNN @NBCNews @CNBC @msnbc @nytimes @ABC @CBSNews Are all biased and Corrupt.  Fake News . If I were @realDonaldTrump NO ACCESS! https://t.co/4eoCBc7WVa  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 23, 2016Blacklisting media outlets just for doing their jobs would be a violation of the Constitution. But if Hannity really wants to play this game, he would be well advised to remember that turnabout is fair play and there will likely be a Democrat in the White House four years from now that could do more than just blacklist Fox News in retaliation. The FCC could be easily directed to shut Hannity and Fox News down, and frankly, that would be a good thing. So whatever Donald Trump and his minions do in an effort to punish people, policies, and institutions they don t like, Democrats should retaliate by burying the rght-wing so hard that they ll really have something to whine about.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3691," If Your Trump-Supporting Family Tries To Talk Politics With You Today, Just Remember This One Little Fact (VIDEO)","Donald Trump won the presidential election. But did he really win?As it stands right now, he s down in the popular vote by two million votes. Two million. For comparison, President Obama s victories came with a five million vote lead (2012) and a massive 10 million vote lead (2008). Even Trump says he likes the popular vote better   he just also claims he d have won if that s what was counted, which is clearly not the case. From Politico:Trump himself is a noted critic of the Electoral College who called it  a disaster for a democracy  in 2012, and he told New York Times reporters Tuesday he would  rather do the popular vote  and was  never a fan of the Electoral College until now. The popular vote would have been a lot easier,  Trump said,  but it s a whole different campaign. I would have been in California, I would have been in Texas, Florida and New York, and we wouldn t have gone anywhere else. Which is, I mean I d rather do the popular vote. But I think the popular vote would have been easier in a true sense because you d go to a few places,  he added.  I think that s the genius of the Electoral College. I was never a fan of the Electoral College until now. In fact, if her lead keeps growing, there s a possibility she could win the popular vote by more than George Bush did in 2004 (when he won re-election). And while we re on that note, here s an even more heartening statistic: Republicans have won the popular vote only twice in the last 30 years. They are completely reliant on electoral shenanigans and gerrymandering to hold any national power, and after the next census elections, there s a good possibility even their cheats will be eroded. And without that, they re finished.The difference between Barack Obama and Donald Trump can be summed up like this: When Obama ran for his first term, he was elected with the most votes ever won by a presidential candidate, ever   almost 70 million. Trump? He is setting a record, too   for the biggest popular vote loss in history while winning the election. Other presidents have lost the popular vote while winning the election, but Donald Trump is unique in that he lost by more than all of them combined, times two.Great job, Donald Trump! You singlehandedly made reforming the electoral college a major political issue. And if the National Popular Vote Bill is passed in a few more states, the nation won t see another Republican president until they broaden their appeal.Here s a video from Rachel Maddow breaking down exactly how crazy these election results really are:Featured image via video screenshot",0
3692, Joe Scarborough References ‘Failed’ Obama Presidency In AMAZINGLY Racist Terms (VIDEO),"Morning Joe is on MSNBC, which is supposedly the left-wing political news and opinion network. Its host, Joe Scarborough styles himself as a moderate conservative willing to criticize the nutjob faction of his own party, and in many instances he is. He dresses this up by having left-leaning co-hosts like Mika Brzezinski and Willie Geist, along with frequent guests who are also Democrats, like former Democratic Congressman Harold Ford, Jr. However, Scarborough never lets us forget that he is still a Republican, and still holds, at least on some level, some of the GOP s most despicable and bigoted views. This was definitely on display Wednesday morning, when the talk turned to President Obama s legacy and his overall presidency in comparison to supposedly improving approval numbers for our newly elected orange buffoon, Donald Trump. That s when Scarborough made this shockingly racist statement: Obama came in as black Jesus. I don t want to come in as redneck Jesus if I m a president of the United States. You want to come in where people   like Ronald Reagan   actually underestimate you. And the media, once again, has done Donald Trump a great favor. What have they told us over the past week? He s a white supremacist, he s a Nazi, he s bringing Nazis back to America. Scarborough ended his tirade by calling his colleagues in the press  fools  in their attempts to derail and bludgeon Trump  in the wrong way. They set the bar so low, Donald Trump says there s a bar, I m going to walk over it. For one thing, Joe Scarborough, that is about as racist as it gets. Of course there were high expectations for President Obama. He is the first African American man to be elected not once, but twice, and in record numbers. No matter what one thinks of the man himself or of his policy prescriptions, that fact alone makes his presidency an historic one, and puts an amazing amount of pressure upon him.Secondly, his presidency is far from a failure. Despite the fact that GOP Senate Leader Mitch McConnell and the rest of the obstructionists in your party had one goal and one goal only in mind   to make sure Obama failed and lasted just one term   he still got plenty done. He cleaned up the economic mess George W. Bush left the nation and world in, got record numbers of Americans health insurance, made the military a safer place for LGBTQ people, got rid of the bigoted Defense of Marriage Act, and secured marriage equality for all. This and so much more happened on President Obama s watch, with your party of obstructionists blocking him all the way.As for Donald Trump? No one called Trump himself a Nazi. However, there is no denying that he has spent his entire ugly, repugnant campaign playing footsie with neo-Nazis, Klan members, and other assorted racist bigots. Hell, he s done such a good job of that he actually has the gall to put a literal white supremacist steps from the Oval Office, and nominate a man who was deemed to racist to be a federal judge to run the entire Justice Department. No, there s no denying which direction Trump swings when it comes to race.So, in other words, check your racism, Joe Scarborough. You re dead wrong on this one. You re just one more piece of proof that even so-called  reasonable  Republicans are still as racist as they come.Watch the full exchange here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
3693," Trump INFURIATES Intelligence Community, Puts National Security At Risk Before He Even Takes Office","Donald Trump is easily the least qualified candidate to run for (and eventually win) the White House. The most dangerous aspect of the fact that he has no government or military experience isn t necessarily the lack of experience itself, but rather his refusal to listen to the people who do have that experience and allow them to guide the ship of state in this dangerous and complicated world until he can be adequately brought up to speed. Case in point   his refusal to receive daily national intelligence briefings since his victory.According to The Hill, Trump has been given the green light by the Obama Administration to receive daily intelligence briefings prior to taking office   the same ones that President Obama himself gets. Instead, Trump has received just two of those briefings since he clinched the electoral victory and thus the presidency, because he is refusing to listen to intelligence officials.These briefings include the rapidly changing scope of national security threats on the world stage, something Trump is definitely woefully ignorant of. However, being the egotistical scumbag that he is, Trump of course seems to believe himself to be above such petty concerns. I never thought I d be saying this, but it seems that Trump s vice presidential-elect, Mike Pence, is showing himself to be the reasonable one here, and has taken to receiving the briefings himself, since Trump won t. You know we re in deep shit when the likes of the climate and evolution denying, anti-woman, anti-LGBTQ religious nut that is Mike Pence can be described as the reasonable voice in the room, but here we are.Of course, the sycophants who regularly make the rounds on all of the political talks shows to excuse away Trump s dangerous nonsense are pushing back on the idea that he is out of his element and needs all the help he can get in this area before taking the oath of office. Rep. Devin Nunes (R-CA) insisted in an interview with the Washington Post, which first broke this alarming development, that the security of America and her people is Trump s  No. 1 priority,  going on to say that he thinks Trump is taking it very seriously.  Ever more defensive, Nunes continued: Look how many leaders he s met with, how many phone calls he s done, positions he s filled. People who are being critical need to get a life. No, we, the citizens of this great country have every right to push back on bizarre and dangerous irregularities like this, Rep. Nunes. Here we have a man who knows nothing about the world attempting to lead it on the most potentially lethal ego trip the world has ever seen and who refuses to take the advice of those who have the potential to save us all. A top security official has already said that Trump, quote,  has a lot of catching up to do,  in this arena, and yet he is refusing to get the help he needs.Actions speak louder than words, and Trump s actions say that he is more interested in parading candidates for his cabinet for the cameras in some kind of dangerous and bizarre real world reality show, using his new position to wheel and deal in his own business interests, and flying around the country in his jet rather than actually, you know, trying to learn how to run the nation and lead the free world.Be very afraid, America. Be very, very afraid of what we have gotten ourselves into.Featured image via Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
3694, GOP Forgets Something EXTREMELY Crucial As They Celebrate Blocking Obama’s Overtime Rule,"It s a job killer. It s a small business killer. It will eventually kill America and America s working class, so a rule that Obama put in place via executive order, which expands overtime pay for salaried workers, must go. At least that s how pro-rich, trickle-down obsessed Republicans see it. And now they have reason to cheer   a federal judge in Texas has blocked that rule. It would have extended overtime pay to millions of American workers.There s a problem, though. A glaring one that Igor Volsky pointed out on Twitter. The very people that the GOP claims to represent, particularly now that Trump is president, are the ones who will be hurt the worst by blocking this rule. It raised the mandatory overtime threshold from $23,660 to $47,500.They ve also forgotten that they re far wealthier than the millions of people who would have benefited from this rule. Here are just three examples:Paul Ryan s net worth = $566,1038He s cheering that 187,000 Wisconsinites earning less than $47,476 won t get paid for working overtime https://t.co/Ea513ncXE1  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) November 23, 2016Ted Cruz s net worth = $3,013,518He s cheering that 1,244,000 Texans earning less than $47,476 now won t get paid for working overtime https://t.co/fRw7dmh3gm  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) November 23, 2016McCain s net worth = $19,642,067He s cheering that 258,000 Arizonians earning less than $47,476 won t get paid for working overtime https://t.co/DHm28iF4h9  igorvolsky (@igorvolsky) November 23, 2016Yes, Judge Amos Mazzant said the rule actually violated the overtime stipulations of the Fair Labor Standards Act because it applied a salary-only test to overtime pay instead of the current classifications which are based on job position.However, businesses often use that part of the FLSA to justify paying as many employees as possible a pittance. They either wrongly classify many employees as exempt when they shouldn t be under the law, or they change job titles to things like  manager  to justify making them exempt. Then they continue to pay a pittance and treat them like hourly employees. All of this is illegal.It s easy for Republicans to say that blocking the overtime rule will help these hardworking Americans keep their jobs. They never think about the fact that people don t have jobs because they think it ll be fun or because they re bored. People have jobs because they have to work to live.And it s time Republicans stop pretending that it s perfectly okay for workers to be unable to make ends meet despite working insane hours or multiple jobs, because hey, at least they have a job.Champions of the working class? Hardly. It s more important to continue letting business run amok and claim that they re reining in Obama s supposedly extreme use of executive power. This is same ol , same ol  from the GOP. The working class voters that voted Republican over their economic situations are the ones who will be hurt worst.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3695, Wil Wheaton Just RAZED Trump’s Racist Supporters For Being Thin-Skinned Bullies (TWEETS),"Have you noticed that Donald Trump s supporters are a bunch of thin-skinned bullies? Star Trek and Big Bang Theory actor Wil Wheaton has.Sure, Trump fans are perfectly fine with spending eight years questioning Barack Obama s birthplace and calling him a n*gger, using words lime  fag  and  queer  and Untermenschen (we can t forget the  alt-right  here), and generally existing as hate-filled garbage fountains. But whenever you point out that they might be a little bit racist when they call the President a  monkey,  suddenly you re the bigot.Wheaton regularly hammers Trump and his inbred fans on Twitter   and he has been doing a lot of that lately:Nazi punks fuck off. pic.twitter.com/ATJPbZyBmP  Wil Wheaton (@wilw) November 22, 2016I'll just hold my breath while I wait for principled conservatives to take a stand against this.  _( )_/  https://t.co/1tmGngsNA3  Wil Wheaton (@wilw) November 22, 2016Don't worry, Trump voters! The racism, homophobia, misogyny, bigotry, and authoritarianism you supported is still going strong! https://t.co/8p77ufWoJ0  Wil Wheaton (@wilw) November 22, 2016Unsurprisingly, The Donald s vapid, meth-addled supporters jumped yet again at the opportunity to attack. Unfortunately for them, they re dealing with Wil F*cking Wheaton:Stupidsphere: *proudly votes for a racist*Me: You voted for a racist.Stupidsphere: OMG stop being so hateful and divisive!  Wil Wheaton (@wilw) November 23, 2016This, as always, prompted the typical  you voted for a criminal response,  but Mr. F*cking Wheaton wasn t having any of that:No, I voted for Hillary Clinton. https://t.co/qxVuCiPLk5  Wil Wheaton (@wilw) November 23, 2016Bravo, Wil. Bravo.If you go a single day without doing something that makes Trump or his fans fly off the handle, you need to try harder. The next four years are going to be rough, but it is our responsibility to resist this fascist movement at every turn   if you see a Nazi, for instance, say  Nazi.  Not  alt-right  and not (looking at you here, mainstream media)  economically anxious voters. Trump s fans are one of two groups:That s it. Always remember that, and constantly remind yourself that this is not normal.Featured image via screengrab",0
3696," Ben Carson Is Likely Pick For HUD Secretary, Says He’s Going To Make The Inner Cities Great Again","It is looking like Ben Carson is going to be Donald Trump s likely choice for Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. Carson says he is going to make America s  inner cities  great again. And just how does he plan on doing this? By ensuring that both our physical infrastructure and our spiritual infrastructure is solid.  Seriously.Carson and Trump were bitter rivals during the primary season but it didn t take long for Carson to fall in line and throw his support behind the billionaire after his own candidacy failed. At one point, Carson dropped hints that he had been promised a position in Trump s administration in return for his endorsement. He later tried to twist his comments when it was pointed out that there just happens to be a law against that.Last week, a close friend of Carson s reported that the retired neurosurgeon had turned down a cabinet position because he felt he was too inexperienced to be in charge of a federal agency. Carson later denied that these reports were true.Wednesday morning, Carson wrote this on his Facebook page:Winning the presidential election was only the first step for those who love traditional America and do not wish to fundamentally change it. Now the hard work begins of restoring the values that made us great. We must bring back the compassion and the unity that empowers us and banish the divisiveness that weakens us. After serious discussions with the Trump transition team, I feel that I can make a significant contribution particularly to making our inner cities great for everyone. We have much work to do in strengthening every aspect of our nation and ensuring that both our physical infrastructure and our spiritual infrastructure is solid. An announcement is forthcoming about my role in helping to make America great again.On Tuesday, Carson had admitted that the position was indeed on the table, but said that he was going to spend the Thanksgiving holiday thinking and praying about it. But it may not take that long to hear the final verdict. According to Trump aide Jason Miller, an announcement could come as soon as Wednesday.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3697, Fox News Gets BUSTED For Hypocritically Whining About People Questioning Trump’s Legitimacy,"Fox News is literally pretending that they treated President Obama with nothing but respect.The reality, however, is the complete opposite as Fox News and Republicans spent eight years calling President Obama an illegitimate president and working against him to make him fail.They rejected President Obama s call for unity from the very beginning, questioned his citizenship, obstructed, demonized, and whined.Fox News served as the Republican s anti-Obama propaganda machine for all eight years.But now that Donald Trump is being given the same treatment across the country, Fox News is throwing a hissy fit about it.They expect everyone across the country to bow down and kiss Trump s ass and anyone who doesn t do so is branded as a traitor or un-American.It s hypocrisy of the highest order.That s why the Huffington Post put together a wonderful little video showcasing Fox News hosts flip-flopping repeatedly. It s the kind of thing that Jon Stewart would have done if he had never retired from the Daily Show.The video shows hosts like Sean Hannity, Jeanine Pirro, and Bill O Reilly complaining about anti-Trump protesters complete with flashbacks of all three being vehemently anti-Obama. Hannity even uses the term  not my president  to express his hatred of Obama.Here s the video via Huffington Post.Fox News is full of hypocrites. They are whining about the anti-Trump movement and ignoring the fact that conservatives did even worse to President Obama over eight years.When President Obama extended his hand Fox News slapped it away and denounced him as illegitimate. They pushed conspiracy theories. They called him a tyrant. They allied with Republicans to make President Obama fail and proceeded to try and sabotage him at every turn. They created an atmosphere of hate and ignorance that allowed Donald Trump and his deplorable supporters to rise. And now they have the gall to bitch about protests against that hatred.Donald Trump does not deserve the respect or unity he has only recently begun calling for. If anything, he deserves to be treated the same way conservatives treated President Obama for eight years. Fox and their conservative audience should have practiced then what they are preaching now, because turnabout is fair play and unlike Obama, Trump is a true threat to our democracy and Constitution.Featured image via screenshot",0
3698," Trump Team Says Elton John Is Performing At Inauguration, Elton John Tells Trump To Go F*ck Himself","If Donald Trump thought he d be seeing Elton John sing his praises on Inauguration Day he was sorely mistaken.During an interview with BBC, Trump transition team member Anthony Scaramucci claimed that openly gay singer Elton John will be performing at Trump s inauguration on January 20th. Elton John is going to be doing our concert on the mall for inauguration,  Scaramucci said, adding that John s appearance  shows our commitment to gay rights. This will be the first American president in US history that enters the White House with a pro-gay rights stance,  Scaramucci continued.There s just one problem. Apparently, Trump and his team failed to ask Elton John first.Because after hearing about this claim, Elton John told Trump to go f*ck himself.First a representative for John made it crystal clear that the openly gay artist isn t going anywhere near Trump s inauguration.  Elton will not be performing at Trump s inauguration,  the rep said.Then John s publicist Fran Curtis rejected the claim more emphatically.  Incorrect. He will NOT be performing. Donald Trump may be a fan of Elton John, but the feeling is far from mutual. John supported Hillary Clinton for president and said of Trump just last month that,  We need a humanitarian in the White House, not a barbarian. Just because Donald Trump said on 60 Minutes that same-sex marriage is settled law, it doesn t mean that the LGBT community believes him. After all, Trump s running mate is Mike Pence, a man who is vehemently anti-gay. Plus, conservatives expect Trump to nominate anti-gay judges to the Supreme Court, which puts gay rights in serious jeopardy.So while Trump is claiming that he s pro-gay rights, his actions need to speak louder than his words if he wants the LGBT community to stand behind him. Because Elton John is not going to be used as a propaganda tool.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
3699, WATCH: Wolf Blitzer Makes Republican Throw Temper Tantrum Over Trump’s Nazi Problem,"The media needs to keep grilling Republicans over Donald Trump s flirtation with Nazis, because it s clearly a sore spot.When RNC communications director Sean Spicer appeared on CNN with Wolf Blitzer on Tuesday night, he was apparently hoping for a softball interview.But Blitzer had other ideas and soon called out Trump for being quick to whine and condemn the diverse cast of  Hamilton  while being very slow to condemn neo-Nazis and white supremacists.Blitzer wanted to know why Trump won t just deliver a speech openly condemning these deplorable groups. Spicer responded by saying that,  At some point, you ve gotta take his position and move on! Spicer said that Trump merely mentioning a disavowal should be enough and that he has  made his position clear,  but the problem is that Trump hasn t made it clear. Every time he claims to disavow these groups he ends up blowing them a kiss by sharing their tweets or supporting a policy that they support. In fact, these groups have become so emboldened by Trump that hate crimes have spiked since Election Day.Nazis and white supremacists are celebrating in the streets because they think Trump is the second coming of Hitler and that it will be open season on minorities across the country.Blitzer asked why these groups still support Trump even though he  disavowed  them, and Spicer threw a hissy fit. I don t know!  he snapped.  That s really not my focus, figuring out why certain groups support him! Blitzer pointed out that Trump has failed to condemn these groups unlike his consistent attacks on diverse groups like the cast of  Hamilton  for just merely passing on a message to Mike Pence.And Blitzer s persistence cause Spicer to lose his shit. You ve asked me eight times, the same question! I ve told you what his position is. That s not his focus! His focus is making this country better for all Americans, creating a better country, creating a better education system for all Americans, rebuilding our inner cities. That s what his focus is. So I get that you guys all want to ask the same question over and over again and make him denounce it eight ways to Sunday, but it s not what he wants to talk about! Here s the video via YouTube. The relevant remarks are at the 4:30 mark.The reason why these groups still support Trump is because his condemnation of them has been weak from the very beginning, so it seems like Trump is only saying the minimum to make it sound like he condemns them. What Trump needs to do is deliver a speech to the entire country making it clear once and for all that he strongly condemns these groups and that he does not share their views nor will he help them pursue their hateful agenda.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3700, Trump Trolls Try KILLING Megyn Kelly’s Book And Amazon Isn’t Having Any Of Their Sh*t,"Megyn Kelly s new book,  Settle For More,  seems to have Trump s fans in a tizzy. She doesn t paint him in a very flattering light, so obviously the book is politically motivated and she had no business writing it, let alone selling it on Amazon. Trump s trolls decided they would try to shut down, or at least depress, sales, and Amazon decided they weren t having it at all. Amazon pulled a ton of one-star reviews that all came from a pro-Trump Reddit. While USAToday reported early this morning that 17 percent of the reviews on Kelly s book were one-stars   at one point, 76 percent of those reviews were one star ratings. There were more than 400 reviews total that came in over the weekend, which means that a lot of people were trying to kill the book s sales because they love Trump and despise anyone who makes him look even slightly less than godlike.These reviews consisted of things like: This woman is not a journalist   She is an attention seeker   She is also paid by the DNC to report fake stories that have no truth to them whatsoever. Megyn Kelly is getting paid by the DNC to report fake news? Not hardly, but unfortunately, Amazon does not require anyone to source their accusations when they leave a bad review.Another said: Wow get over yourself. Your [sic] not that good!   Your treatment of Newt and Trump was inexcusable. The Reddit forum that many of these reviews came from is simply called,  The_Donald,  and now they re mad that they ve been shut down. One man known only as  Tim from MD  whined that over 120 one-star reviews had been deleted. Then he said: Are we living in a free country anymore? Trump is president, but she wrote the book certain that Clinton would win. Now the book and her shows and advertisers are getting boycotted. So apparently her attorneys have called to get negative reviews deleted. And they succeeded. I m shocked. Because that s totally what happened. While the publisher, Harper-Collins, did contact Amazon over the fact that these reviews had all the hallmarks of an orchestrated effort to discredit Megyn Kelly, her own attorneys may or may not have contacted Amazon as well. Whether that s what happened or not, Trump fans have shown, time and again, that they re willing to force issues over to their liking simply by banding together.It s ridiculous. While it s true that Amazon has likely deleted reviews it shouldn t have all across their site, the problem of fake reviews designed to artificially inflate someone s reputation, or destroy something that a certain group of people can t stand (like conservatives who can t stand anything remotely resembling facts) was a major one and they did have to do something about it. When many of the reviews are all coming from one source, that s a pretty good sign that they aren t genuine reviews. Plus, Amazon didn t delete all of the negative reviews   just the ones that were obviously part of a concerted effort by Trump trolls to destroy Megyn Kelly and her book.If anyone needs to get over it, they do. As the one reviewer above stated, Trump won, so what s the deal here? Grow up, guys.Featured image by Jemal Countess via Getty Images",0
3701," Trump’s Plan To Rein In Wall Street? Tax Cuts, No Oversight, Industry Insiders In The White House","If there s one thing that unites working class Americans of all political persuasions, it s a hatred of Wall Street. Donald Trump knows this   he campaigned on it in Iowa, in fact, saying  I m really good at that stuff. I know Wall Street. I know the people on Wall Street. We re going to have the greatest negotiators of the world, but at the same time, I m not going to let Wall Street get away with murder. Wall Street has caused tremendous problems for us. We re going to tax Wall Street. These days, he s singing a different tune. Instead of taxing them, he s cutting taxes on the rich. Instead of  stopping them from getting away with murder,  they re getting rid of the financial regulations that will stop another recession. And instead of standing up for consumers, he s destroying the agency that has recouped over $10 billion from predatory financial companies.After electorally winning the election (while massively losing the popular vote   1.7 million at the time of this writing and growing), he is openly showing what many of us knew along: He doesn t give a single sh*t about any of his supporters, and he will stab them in the back repeatedly and at length until somebody stops him.Donald Trump never had any intention of raising taxes on  hedge fund guys.  After all, they re in the same class of people he is! Rich, and therefore better than you. Why should they have to pay taxes? Trump doesn t, and thinks it s smart.Trump s administration wants to repeal Dodd-Frank, which is the Wall Street reform and consumer protection package passed after the Great Recession to prevent the need for another bailout at taxpayer expense. Trump thinks, instead, that the banks will do better regulating themselves   much the way they did in the years leading up to the 2007-08 crash. Here s what Trump and the GOP are against:An Act to promote the financial stability of the United States by improving accountability and transparency in the financial system, to end  too big to fail,  to protect the American taxpayer by ending bailouts, to protect consumers from abusive financial services practices, and for other purposes.And it gets worse.As ThinkProgress reports,Dodd-Frank also created the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, an agency focused on protecting Americans from predatory and fraudulent bank behavior. It s already recouped more than $10 billion for those who have been targeted by such practices. The CFPB has also written new rules for mortgage lending while extending oversight to some financial firms, such as debt collectors and payday lenders, that had previously gone with little oversight.That s right   Donald Trump wants to get rid of one of the few parts of government that consistently works on behalf of the little guy. They re also targeting seniors:Trump made a campaign promise to impose a moratorium on all new regulations for the financial sector, but he has already targeted existing regulations for immediate dismantling. Trump adviser and hedge fund investor Anthony Scaramucci promised to reverse President Obama s executive action to protect retirees the fiduciary duty rule. It requires all financial advisers to put their clients  interests ahead of their own, rather than being able to steer clients toward more expensive options that make money for themselves. That conflicted advice is estimated to cost retirees $17 billion a year. We ve got to get rid of this,  Scaramucci told the Financial Times, calling it  unnecessary.  He had previously made this pledge while likening the rule to the 1857 Dred Scott Supreme Court decision that denied birthright citizenship to slaves and their descendants.He s giving the banks exactly what they want.In fact, he seems to think that he might need them a little closer to him so that he can really serve them well, because he s actually inviting bank executives to work in his administration   certainly a far cry from his pro-working class messages on the campaign trail. According to Politico, his leading picks for Secretary of the Treasury are a Goldman-Sachs executive and a billionaire investor.The working class Republicans that voted for Trump are some of the people who will be most hurt by the actual policies that the Trump administration wants to put into effect. You get what you vote for, Republicans.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3702," MAJOR Ad Vendor Bans Breitbart For Hate Speech, Trump LIVID","You know how Donald Trump has been trying to convince us that Steve Bannon is a great guy and his publication, Breitbart, is just a news website that isn t a haven for white supremacists, white nationalists, and a diverse array of racists, bigots, and people who are fine with racism? Well, that s going to be just a teensy bit harder now after the publication was banned by an ad vendor for hate speech. Breitbart is just a publication,  Trump said in a recent interview with the New York Times.  They are certainly a much more conservative paper, to put it mildly, than the New York Times. But Breitbart really is a news organization that has become quite successful. It s got readers, and it does cover subjects on the right, but it covers subjects on the left also. It s a pretty big thing. There s no question that Breitbart is a  big thing,  but that s not exactly a good thing when it s something that Bannon himself described Breitbart as the  platform for the alt-right,  a term used to describe white supremacists who took a day off of abusing methamphetamines to throw on a suit and complain about the plight of white people in a seemingly legitimate setting. Nevertheless, Trump says he would never have hired Bannon had he any indicator (like an admission from Bannon that he runs a large platform for white supremacists) that he was alt-right: I ve known Steve Bannon a long time. If I thought he was a racist, or alt-right   I wouldn t even think about hiring him. The Donald says that he intends to get to the bottom of what is energizing the extreme Right (him) and find out why (because he appeals to racists).Trump s decision to appoint a white nationalist to a high-level position spurred AppNexus, a major advertising technology provider, to look into what sort of operation Bannon had birthed   and they didn t like what they found:AppNexus Inc., a major advertising technology provider, has barred Breitbart News from using its ad-serving tools because the conservative online publisher violated its hate speech rules.AppNexus scrutinized Breitbart s website after U.S. President-Elect Donald Trump tapped Steve Bannon, former executive chairman of Breitbart, to be White House chief strategist last week. The digital ad firm decided the publication had breached a policy against content that incites violence, said AppNexus spokesman Joshua Zeitz. We did a human audit of Breitbart and determined there were enough articles and headlines that cross that line, using either coded or overt language,  he said.Bloomberg notes that while Breitbart does not buy ads from AppNexus directly, the ban means that they will not receive ads from the ad server the company runs and this will likely lower the price of ads on the site   which means less money for the modern day Neo-Nazis.Will more advertising companies follow suit? Only time will tell   but the pressure is certainly on!Featured image via Getty Images (Ben Jackson)",0
3703, BREAKING: Evidence Trump Cheated Leads To MASSIVE Move For Three State Audit,"After evidence has been uncovered that could point to Donald Trump and/or the Russians rigging the presidential election, a group of activists is encouraging Hillary Clinton to demand an audit of three states.Voter rights attorney John Bonifaz and director of the University of Michigan Center for Computer Security and Society, J. Alex Halderman, says they ve found persuasive evidence that the election results in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania have been hacked or otherwise manipulated. They are privately lobbying the Clinton campaign to do something about it.Last Thursday, the activists held a conference call with Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta and campaign general counsel Marc Elias to make their case, according to a source briefed on the call. The academics presented findings showing that in Wisconsin, Clinton received 7 percent fewer votes in counties that relied on electronic-voting machines compared with counties that used optical scanners and paper ballots. Based on this statistical analysis, Clinton may have been denied as many as 30,000 votes; she lost Wisconsin by 27,000. While it s important to note the group has not found proof of hacking or manipulation, they are arguing to the campaign that the suspicious pattern merits an independent review   especially in light of the fact that the Obama White House has accused the Russian government of hacking the Democratic National Committee.Source: NY MagazineThose three states were the determining factor in this year s election. In total, Trump won Pennsylvania by about 68,000 votes, Wisconsin by 27,000 votes and Michigan by just 11,000 votes. Clinton won the popular vote. According to their research, Clinton may have been denied as many as 30,000 votes in Wisconsin, which is enough to swing it to her.According to current tallies, Trump has won 290 Electoral College votes to Clinton s 232, with Michigan s 16 votes not apportioned because the race there is still too close to call. It would take overturning the results in both Wisconsin (10 Electoral College votes) and Pennsylvania (20 votes), in addition to winning Michigan s 16, for Clinton to win the Electoral College. There is also the complicating factor of  faithless electors,  or members of the Electoral College who do not vote according to the popular vote in their states. At least six electoral voters have said they would not vote for Trump, despite the fact that he won their states.This is far from a sure thing. Nate Silver doesn t see problems:Run a regression on Wisc. counties with >=50K people, and you find that Clinton improved more in counties with only paper ballots. HOWEVER: pic.twitter.com/4swuU70NaY  Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) November 23, 2016 the effect COMPLETELY DISAPPEARS once you control for race and education levels, the key factors in predicting vote shifts this year. pic.twitter.com/NYOINx9lEz  Nate Silver (@NateSilver538) November 23, 2016It s not just Democrats who are crying foul, though. South Carolina Republican Senator Lindsay Graham wants a congressional investigation into election tampering by the Russians.It s doubtful this will happen. The deadline to file for a recount in Wisconsin is Friday. Wisconsin s and Pennsylvania s deadlines are next week. There are several petitions, though and there s a campaign to call the Department of Justice. Their number is 202-353-1555. Keep calling. Their number is often busy.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images.",0
3704, High-Ranking Democrat DEMANDS Investigation Into Open Corruption At Trump Foundation,"Recently, news broke that the Trump Foundation openly and blatantly broke IRS corruption rules about self-dealing. In a tax filing obtained by a watchdog group and reported on by the Washington Post, Trump s charity admits to self-dealing both recently and in past years.It s very likely Trump intends to use the powers of the presidency to enrich himself personally, and he s said as much himself.So it should come as no surprise to him that Democratic members of Congress are demanding an investigation and further paperwork related to this scandal. Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-MD), a Ranking Member in the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, released a letter demanding additional documentation concerning the admitted self-dealing occurring at the Trump foundation. The letter reads, in part,I am writing to request additional information on the apparent admission of the Donald J. Trump Foundation to multiple instances in which the organization appears to have violated the legal prohibition against using charitable funds to benefit its leaders, their family members, or other disqualified individuals   commonly known as  self-dealing. According to press reports, the Foundation spent more than a quarter-million dollars of charitable funds to settle various lawsuits involving the President-elect s for-profit companies.The Foundation also reportedly used $20,000 of charitable funds to purchase a six-foot tall portrait of the President-elect, and at the time the Foundation was predominately funded by other donors.The Foundation also previously paid a 10% excise tax to the IRS for reportedly providing an illegal $25,000 political contribution to the campaign of Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi. At the time, Ms. Bondi was considering whether to investigate allegations of fraud against Trump University and decided not to pursue the case after receiving the contribution.You can read the letter in its entirely here (PDF).This doesn t paint a pretty picture. It s clear that Donald Trump believes he is above the law, and that s before he was elected president. It s up to all of us to hold him accountable for his actions by supporting the leaders calling him out for his corruption and sticking up for the American people.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3705, Trump’s New York Times Meeting Ends In DISASTER As Crowd Greets Him With Boos (VIDEOS),"Donald Trump s Tuesday meeting with The New York Times was already controversial to begin with, and it ended in a similar fashion. Not only has the newspaper been a target of Trump s Twitter attacks after reporting true (but negative) coverage on him, but Trump abruptly canceled his meeting without notifying the paper, only to follow through at the last minute.But even after the meeting had happened, it wasn t the end of the volatile emotions surrounding Trump s visit. Upon exiting the meeting and walking through the main lobby of The New York Times building, Trump was met with loud boos from the crowd that tried to cover up the cheers. In the footage below, Trump can be seen walking through the lobby and waving to the crowd, who had very mixed reactions to the President-elect. Reporters were busy shouting questions to Trump, but the crowd drowned them out.CBS News tried to ignore the negative reaction as it tweeted: Donald Trump is greeted with cheers as he leaves meeting with the New York Times. However, the video clip accompanying that caption tells a different story. At the end of the video, the CBSN anchor corrected himself and said, Alright, so a mix of cheers, and some boos, I think. UPDATE: Donald Trump is greeted with cheers as he leaves meeting with the New York Times https://t.co/31saOhI0wR pic.twitter.com/tvAp4HPUyq  CBS News (@CBSNews) November 22, 2016This is yet another first for America   it has been unheard of for both a President-elect and Vice President-elect to be booed in public appearances   and within days of each other! It s clear that Trump and Pence are the most controversial, divisive team the country has ever been faced with, and their level of disapproval is unprecedented.The media should certainly be latching onto this, instead of pretending that people are only cheering for Trump. To suggest that the American people are ready to accept Trump and Pence is dishonest. These videos show a nation that is divided and upset with this election, and the media should portray the truth of it regardless of whether Trump throws a Twitter fit or not.Trump leaves the Times pic.twitter.com/KU1pTaUjXt  Michael Calderone (@mlcalderone) November 22, 2016Video: A mix of cheers, boos, and shouted questions as Trump leaves the NYT building https://t.co/23RicNJIWz  Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) November 22, 2016Featured image via screenshot",0
3706," Republicans Declare WAR On The Poor, Go After Food Stamps, Medical Coverage","Donald Trump has won the White House and now, Republicans have control of the Senate and Congress, too. House Speaker Paul Ryan has hinted at plans to privatize Medicare. Ryan s Ayn Randish vision for America has been well documented with his plans to slash the safety net while giving a big middle finger to the middle and lower-income classes.Yes, this is a war. One in which Americans will suffer greatly. Millions of low-income Americans on Medicaid could lose their health coverage if Trump and the Republican-controlled Congress follow through with their plans.Vox reports that Trump has: already endorsed Ryan s plans on Medicaid and has attacked food stamps at length. His vice president, Mike Pence, is a longtime friend and congressional ally of Ryan s who if anything has argued for larger cuts than the ones Ryan wants.We can expect an increase in poverty. I ve been working on these issues since 1972,  Robert Greenstein, the founder and president of the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities and Washington s leading advocate for poor and low-income Americans, said, according to Vox.  This is by far the gravest threat to the safety net, and to low-income people, that I ve seen in my close to half a century of working on these issues. I think there s a potential in the first seven months, by the August recess, for Congress to pass policies that do more to increase poverty and hardship and widen inequality than we ve seen in half a century. If Obamacare is repealed without a viable replacement, 22 million people will be denied coverage.Paul Ryan, like his conservative colleagues, seeks fewer regulations for insurance companies. Insurance companies would offer worse policies and the quality of care would go down.Trump s replacement plan is even worse than Ryan s.The Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget estimates it d spare just 1 million people who d otherwise lose insurance through Obamacare repeal. Full repeal without replacement takes insurance away from 22 million; Trump s plan takes it away from 21 million. The difference is minimal.And yet, here s the thing. Trump has already broken numerous campaign promises and he s not even in office yet. He has suggested that he won t fully repeal Obamacare but now, he s beholden to Republicans who control the Senate and the House. Even if he says no, the wheels are in motion. He s the one who started turning them.Because eating while poor is bad:CBPP estimates that the most recent House budget gets 62 percent of its cuts from programs for low- and moderate-income people. That includes at least $150 billion in cuts to food stamps and nearly $500 billion in mostly unspecified cuts to other low-income programs like SSI (which provides cash to the disabled and elderly), Pell Grants, and what little remains of welfare.Republicans have been trying to eradicate President Obama s signature healthcare legislation so it was watered down. Tea Party Republicans went to town halls where Democrats attempted to answer questions from constituents. The noise from Republicans was deafening and hardly a word could be heard about the bill. So, it got watered down because conservatives told us that socialism is bad. They told us this after driving to the town hall meetings on taxpayer funded public roads.As it happens, medical professionals do not want Obamacare repealed. Trump and his Republican colleagues just want you to think that.Featured image via Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
3707, John Cleese SLAMS Trump: It’s Like He’s ‘Assembling The Crew For A Pirate Ship’ – NOT A Presidency (TWEETS),"If there s one thing about Donald Trump that isn t presidential (aside from literally everything) it s the people he has selected for top-level positions   a raging anti-Semite and racist as White house chief strategist, a man who was too racist to be a judge for US attorney, and a guy who actually got caught holding plans for a national registry of Muslim immigrants in his hands during a photo-op with The Donald for Homeland Security secretary, for example.That a minority of Americans was able to elect someone like Trump is embarrassing enough but the people he is appointing to high-level roles makes us a laughingstock. Recently, legendary actor John Cleese was watching it all unfold on American television and noticed that   It looks as though Trump is assembling the crew for a pirate ship  rather than people who will lead the United States.Watching US TV today reminded me of my remark on Conan O'Brien. It looks as though Trump is assembling the crew for a pirate ship.  John Cleese (@JohnCleese) November 18, 2016Others joined in, offering their own ideas about what, exactly, Trump is building and generally mocking The Donald:.@JohnCleese More like a Borg cube.  Arkansas Atheist (@andyrosebrook) November 18, 2016@JohnCleese So what does that make Trump? Orangebeard?  Eddy Bruel (@ejpbruel) November 18, 2016@JohnCleese a pirate ship called the Titanic?  Tao de Haas (@TaodeHaas) November 18, 2016@JohnCleese well it's certainly not the love https://t.co/q2tgCMfEmd  stephen almy (@viperpilot08) November 18, 2016@JohnCleese Is Trump more of a Captain Morgan or Blackbeard  Matthew Ericson (@mericson88) November 18, 2016@JohnCleese @Lawrence that's because they are about to loot the United States of America  deezee (@zareskizoo) November 18, 2016@JohnCleese At least pirates had codes of honor.  Christian McIntire (@XtianMcIntire) November 18, 2016@JohnCleese More diversity on a pirate ship, methinks.  Deborah M. Budd (@deb_budd_sw) November 18, 2016As Trump s children scramble to cash in on his presidency and The Donald himself has already openly used his position for his own benefit, one must wonder if Cleese is more right than he realizes. In any case, we can surely expect conservatives to  boycott  Cleese s current stage show by (if Starbucks is an indicator) buying as many tickets as they can and writing Trump on them.Featured image via Getty Images(Clemens Bilan/Drew Angerer)/screengrab",0
3708, Trump’s Plan To Repeal Obamacare Is Being DENIED By Health Care Professionals (VIDEO),"Trump promised many things during his campaign and quite a few of those ideas are falling apart already, including his plan to repeal Obamacare.Doctors and CEOs of medical facilities are not as against Obamacare as Trump wants them to be. According to Modern Healthcare, a magazine all about the healthcare industry, insurance CEOs aren t totally against change, but the majority of them are concerned a Republican president won t be able to get the uninsured rate below nine percent like Obama did.Modern Healthcare has conducted multiple surveys among CEOs and professionals in charge of large hospitals, insurance providers, and medical suppliers. They ve found that 60 percent of those who responded said that the first priority in healthcare right now should be to stopping the growth for prescription medications.Another survey showed that 86 percent of medical professionals said that Obamacare should not be repealed unless a replacement plan is in place to expand healthcare for Americans whose employers don t provide for them.Among many CEOs expressing concern for Republican proposals to create more high-deductible plans is Jim Hinton, CEO of Presbyterian Healthcare Services in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Hinton said to Modern Healthcare:  We ve floated those deductibles so high that for the average person, it is no longer insurance. That pushes the burden onto hospitals or physicians to collect what people might not have. You can see for yourself how medical professionals and advocates feel about repealing the Affordable Care Act in this video:Trump made many promises: building a wall, banning Muslims, creating jobs and repealing Obamacare, not to mention throwing Hillary Clinton in jail. Congress already shut down the first two, the third is being torn apart, and the last he already walked back (much to the chagrin of his supporters). Now we see that his plan to repeal Obamacare is strongly being defied. So what will heFeatured image via video screencapture",0
3709," Trump’s Foundation OPENLY Admits To Corruption, Breaking IRS Rules","Donald Trump s lawbreaking is probably about to get a lot more blatant now that he s going to be in office. After all, he just told the NYT that  presidents can t have conflicts of interest  and has already used the office of the presidency for personal business. And as it has just been revealed, the Trump foundation openly admits to corruption and breaking IRS rules about self-dealing.In the 2015 tax return for the Trump Foundation, the organization indicates they transferred funds to a  disqualified person  in the last tax year   Trump, a member of his immediate family, or perhaps a business interest   and also indicated they engaged in self-dealing in past years.From Mother Jones:Donald Trump s charitable foundation has admitted to violating an IRS ban  self-dealing,  the Washington Post reported on Tuesday. The rules prohibit leaders of non-profit organizations from using funds to benefit a  disqualified  person, which can include the president-elect himself, members of his family, or their private business interests.The news comes just days after Trump agreed to pay $25 million to settle several fraud lawsuits related to Trump University.The foundation also indicated  yes  to a question regarding whether it had engaged in self-dealing in prior years. And yet conservatives think the Clinton Foundation was corrupt?The form doesn t give any specifics about what, exactly, the corrupt money flowing from the foundation to Trump was spent on. However, we do know that in the past it s been spent on settling personal disputes, a Tim Tebow helmet, two paintings of himself, and settlement money. It s possible that the form was referring to any of those events, but it s also possible there is still more to uncover.Many of the people who voted for Trump will be the ones hurt by his administration, which is rapidly showing itself as a corrupt, quid-pro-quo assortment of rich buddies and high-powered business connections looking to make a profit off the back of the little guy. Donald Trump doesn t care about everyday Americans one iota, and he has no intention at all of playing by the rules. He s going to use the White House to make himself richer at every opportunity.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3710, The Trump Administration Is ALREADY Taking Aim At Internet Freedom (DETAILS),"Donald Trump s new adviser on tech matters wants to basically get rid of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), which acts as a consumer protection watchdog.On Monday, Trump appointed Mark Jamison as one of two members of his tech policy transition team. Let s take a look at his ideologies. In October, Jamison wrote a blog post explaining that he sees no reason for the FCC to exist. Most of the original motivations for having an FCC have gone away,  Jamison wrote.  Telecommunications network providers and ISPs are rarely, if ever, monopolies. As reported by the Washington Post:Jamison has argued that the FCC could be replaced by a much smaller agency charged with handing out licenses for wireless airwaves   essentially acting as a traffic cop for the spectrum over which cellphone calls, mobile data and TV signals travel.Many of the FCC s existing functions could be farmed out, Jamison wrote in the blog post. Subsidies for phone and Internet service could be handled by state governments, while the Federal Trade Commission could handle consumer complaints and take action against abuses by companies. There are some details that were not addressed in the blog post due to time constraints, Jamison said Tuesday, such as the possible need for new state-level powers to address broadband monopolies.FCC leadership has made it clear that they strongly disagree with Jamison s assessment. Tom Wheeler, the Democratic chairman of the FCC, has said that in much of the country there is a  duopoly  when it comes to internet service providers. This severely limits the options of many consumers.Wheeler has fought against companies who have slowed down internet speeds for users with unlimited plans. He has also taken action against companies who have billed customers for content and services they didn t sign up for. He has implemented rules regarding net neutrality to prohibit anticompetitive behavior. Wheeler also took steps to protect the public by forcing internet providers to follow the same privacy guidelines when handling consumer data as legacy phone companies.Hal Singer, an economist at the George Washington University s Institute for Public Policy, said both Jamison and Jeffrey Eisenach, the other member of Trump s two-man tech transition team,  envision a significantly pared-down agency. In their minds, proponents of regulation must demonstrate a market failure  This is a 180-degree turn from Wheeler s FCC, which began with a presumption that markets failed. Getting rid of the FCC would be disastrous, especially for the internet. Just like every other position Trump has filled in the past two weeks, he has chosen the most heinous choice possible.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3711, WATCH: Texas Judge Orders Newly Sworn-In Citizens To Accept Trump Or Leave The Country,"Demanding allegiance to a head of state as a condition for becoming a citizen sounds like something a dictator would do.And that s exactly what a Texas judge did during a swearing-in ceremony for immigrants who have been waiting to become citizens of the United States.John Primono is a federal judge who has sworn in over 100,000 new citizens during his career. But the election of Donald trump has apparently emboldened him to violate all sense of judicial ethics and human decency to warn new citizens that they better accept Trump as their president or else. I can assure you that whether you voted for him or you did not vote for him, if you are a citizen of the United States, he is your president,  Primono told the new citizens as they were forced to listen.  He will be your president, and if you do not like that, you need to go to another country. Here s the video via KENS.This is a pretty damn disgraceful thing to say to a group of people who clearly want to be Americans, especially from a federal judge.And Primono is paying the price for his partisanship because he was removed from presiding over any future citizenship ceremonies by the U.S. District judges.Of course, conservatives are very pleased and have made Primono their new hero, which alone should force him off the bench because it is clear that he is unable to exercise good judgement and political neutrality.But Primono claimed that he was merely offering a message of  unity  and that his remarks were taken out of context. I would never say anything like that,  Primono told KENS.  I wasn t trying to say anything for or against Donald Trump. I was just trying to say something hopeful and unifying, and unfortunately it was taken out of context. Yeah, that s complete bullshit. Telling new American citizens to support Trump or else is not  unifying.  It s a threatening message designed to scare immigrants into blindly following Trump.Immigrants should not have to deal with such threats in this country, where we have the right to political dissent. And the way Trump has treated immigrants over the last year and half makes it clear that he doesn t respect them. He hates them. So it s understandable that immigrants would be opposed to Trump s presidency. But they are not alone. Americans overwhelmingly voted against Donald Trump but he somehow won via the electoral vote. Millions of Americans are protesting against Trump and his bigotry.On a day when this group of diverse people finally became American citizens, this federal judge marred the ceremony by invoking the name of a divisive hatemonger and literally ordered them to accept Trump as their leader. It should never have happened but it makes one wonder how many more judges are going to become emboldened to behave similarly once Trump takes over in January.Featured image: Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3712, REPORT: Trump Once Asked If It Was ‘Wrong’ To Want To Have Sex With Your 13-Year-Old Daughter,"Trump s threatening of the press seems to be paying dividends already, with at least one publication removing a quote that could be seen as  embarrassing,  for Trump   the Washington Post.On Tuesday, Buzzfeed reported that a quote was removed from Washington Post columnist Richard Cohen column published that morning   and it s a prett important one. The publication reports:Trump was reportedly referring to his daughter, Ivanka, who was 13 years old at the time.The quote was circulated Monday in a draft of Cohen s piece  Our Next President, The Godfather  that was sent to outlets that syndicate the column, a source told BuzzFeed News. The quote did not appear in the later, final version of the piece carried by the Post and other outlets.Cohen s column details the president-elect s increasingly blurred familial and political ties as he prepares to enter the White House.The reporting appeared in an advance version of the column that was circulated on Monday for publication on Tuesday and thereafter. It appeared as an aside after the introduction of Jared Kushner, which still appears in the final column:Jared Kushner, our Tom Hagen, who married Trump s stunning daughter Ivanka    Can I ask you something?  Trump asked someone I know, about his then-13-year-old kid,  Is it wrong to be more sexually attracted to your own daughter than your wife?    has lately lost some of this Boy Scout aura. It turns out Kushner s admission to Harvard was preceded by his father s $2.5 million pledge.However, the words between the hyphens   you know, the ones that reveal what a scumbag our next President is   were quietly removed from the final version. The Washington Post offered Buzzfeed a suspiciously dodgy excuse for the removal (hint: it wasn t that the quote was fake). We (or the Washington Post Writers Group, our affiliated syndicate) edit every column to try to make it as good as it can be, editorial page editor Fred Hiatt said. We don t think it would be fair to our writers to discuss the editing process, and don t see what is to be gained by talking about things that are not published there are countless drafts that never see the light of day,  Hiatt added, still not explaining why it was removed.On Monday, Trump gathered major media heads together in one room so he could scream at them and call them liars   Lugenpresse, to use his supporters  term. The removal of this damning quote seems to be a reaction to the President-elect s bullying of the press and yet another example of the media failing to hold The Donald accountable for anything he does or says.It might seem unbelievable that Trump would say such a thing about his daughter, but we re dealing with a man who has been talking about having sex with her since around the time he met Paris Hilton and thought she was hot (Hilton was 12 at the time).Recently, after Trump appeared on  Dr. Oz,  the show cut out a remark about kissing Ivanka  as often as possible. He has also been photographed in numerous suggestive poses with his daughter (including a prizewinning one of the two of them in bed together), when she was around 13 years old. He also has made it very clear that the two of them have  sex  in common (there is video of that), was caught on tape hitting on a 10-year-old  and, of course, who can forget that time he groped Ivanka on national television (at least she was an adult in this case). Then, of course, there is the fact that he is accused of raping a 13-year-old girl (his accuser abruptly dropped the lawsuit after Trump s supporters threatened her).We may never know why the Washington Post removed this latest horrific quote about Trump s daughter, but one thing is for certain: it was just a grain of sand on a beach of horribleness.Featured image via If You Only News/Getty Images (archive)",0
3713, WATCH: Jimmy Kimmel Hilariously WRECKS Trump For Whining About ‘Hamilton’,"If Donald Trump doesn t want to be booed or lampooned over the next four years he should start acting presidential instead of like a big baby.Instead of putting on his big boy pants and accepting the reality that people are going to boo him and Mike Pence for the way they have treated others, Trump chose to lash out after hearing that Pence was booed by the audience at a performance of  Hamilton  on Broadway.But Trump focused his ire on the cast for reading a message to Pence at the end of the play.Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2016The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2016The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 20, 2016Despite Trump s claims, the cast of  Hamilton  did not disrespect Mike Pence. They merely expressed their hope that he learned something by watching the play and the hope that he will be a vice-president for everyone. And even Mike Pence has twice said that he wasn t offended. So, Mike Pence wasn t offended and Donald Trump was,  Kimmel said.  Why do I feel like we re going to see a lot more of this dynamic? Who gets into a fight with a musical?  Kimmel continued.  How is it possible that Donald Trump can get along with Putin but not  Hamilton? Kimmel went on to say that if Trump really wants  Hamilton  to apologize he should apologize to the long list of people he insulted and offended over the last year and a half and proceeded to run that list on the screen.Here s the video via YouTube.Donald Trump cannot continue lashing out every time he he thinks someone is disrespecting him. We have freedom of speech in this country and our leaders are supposed to be busy running the nation instead of ordering people to be nice to them. The bottom line is that the level of disrespect towards Trump is nowhere near to how conservatives have treated President Obama for the last eight years. So Trump should stop being a total hypocrite, and if he can t do that he should step aside, tell the electors he can t do this job, and allow an adult like Hillary Clinton to do it.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3714, Ellen DeGeneres Wasn’t Being Allowed Into The White House To Receive Her Medal Of Freedom (TWEET),"Tuesday at the White House, several people are set to receive the prestigious Medal of Freedom from President Obama. Those who will receive them include Tom Hanks, Michael Jordan and Ellen DeGeneres, among others.According to USA Today: For the last time in office, President Obama will bestow the nation s highest civilian honor on 21 individuals from a varying list of categories from science to sports to entertainment. There s been a slight snag with Ellen DeGeneres  entry to the White House, however. The television host and entertainer extraordinaire seemed to have forgotten her ID, and security at the White House won t let her in.But instead of get freaked out over it, because it likely gets solved in a timely manner, DeGeneres did what she always does, make a joke out of it. So she tweeted this: They haven t let me in to the White House yet because I forgot my ID. #NotJoking #PresidentialMedalOfFreedom They haven't let me in to the White House yet because I forgot my ID. #NotJoking#PresidentialMedalOfFreedom pic.twitter.com/sHocwqChKV  Ellen DeGeneres (@TheEllenShow) November 22, 2016Surely, by the time this article even gets published DeGeneres will have been allowed into the White House considering she is one of the individuals being honored. However, it doesn t make the whole situation any less funny, because even Ellen, as recognizable as she is, was told she couldn t enter without proper identification.So, kudos to White House security for playing it safe no matter what, and congratulations to Ellen on her much deserved award.FeaturedPhoto by Kevin Winter/Getty Images",0
3715, Trump’s Latest Tweet Has A GLARING Mistake That Shows How Stupid (Or PSYCHOTIC) He Is (TWEET),"It was hard to imagine Donald Trump getting any dumber during his presidential campaign, but he s truly outdone himself in the weeks after winning the election. Not only has the President-elect been unintelligently tweeting up a storm, ditching protocol press pools and making every attempt to hide the $25 million lawsuit he just settled for fraud, but he is letting America know that he has no idea what presidents actually do.We ve seen Trump s complete ignorance of widely known facts before, like the time he told his own supporters the incorrect voting date. At a Florida rally, Trump had   with full confidence   told his fanbase to vote on November 28th, a full 20 days off from the real voting date. Today, Trump reminded us of this moment when he reinforced the fact that he STILL doesn t know what s going on.This morning, Trump notified everyone over Twitter that there would be a meeting at Trump Tower today with the people (aka the white supremacists)  who will run our government  for the next EIGHT years. Huh? Great meetings will take place today at Trump Tower concerning the formation of the people who will run our government for the next 8 years. TwitterEither Trump is completely unaware that a President s term is only four years, or he s completely delusional about how long he s actually going to last in the White House. We wouldn t be surprised if Trump thinks one term is actually 8 years, considering how clueless he is and his lack of knowledge about the United States Constitution, which clearly says: The executive Power shall be vested in a President of the United States of America. He shall hold his Office during the Term of four Years, and, together with the Vice-President chosen for the same Term For him to think that he s going to have the success that President Obama had and be elected for two terms is hilarious. Obama has a tremendously high approval rating, and Trump s approval rating is historically LOW. He s certainly in for a rude awakening if he thinks he s got eight years of dictatorship ahead of him.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
3716," Trump Breaks ANOTHER Huge Campaign Promise, Stabs Followers In The Back Yet Again","During his campaign, Donald Trump routinely called Hillary Clinton  crooked  and at one point he told supporters his Democratic opponent  should be in prison.  Trump s supporters responded by chanting  Lock her up!  at each of his rallies.No matter how many times she was absolved after countless investigation, conservatives were sure Clinton was corrupt and they were certain Trump would hold her accountable. As it happens, Trump will not follow through with that campaign promise.Trump aide Kellyanne Conway tried to spin Trump s sudden flip-flop on MSNBC s  Morning Joe : I think when the President-elect, who s also the head of your party, tells you before he s even inaugurated that he doesn t wish to pursue these charges, it sends a very strong message, tone, and content  to other Republicans, former Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway said Tuesday. If Donald Trump can help her heal, then perhaps that s a good thing to do,  Conway continued, adding that Clinton  still has to face the fact that a majority of Americans don t find her to be honest or trustworthy. Well, that s a lie. Votes are still being counted but as of right now, Clinton leads in the popular vote by 1.7 million. I think he s thinking of many different things as he prepares to become the president of the United States, and things that sound like the campaign are not among them,  she said.Watch:  Special prosecutor, here we come, Right?  Trump said in October as the crowd began another  lock her up  chant. If I win, we re going to appoint a special prosecutor,  Trump said.  Because we cannot allow this to happen in our country. This isn t the first campaign promise Trump has broken and he s not even in office yet. The president-elect is not really going to fully repeal Obamacare. Mexico is not going to pay for the wall even though he whipped his supporters into a frenzy over that concept at each rally. Trump is now embracing NATO, the alliance he claimed was  obsolete. The Trump presidency is going to be about only one thing: Donald Trump.Image via screen capture. ",0
3717," Trump Gets Tired Of ‘Hamilton’ Feud, Reignites Attacks On The New York Times Instead (TWEETS)","It is not even 7 AM on the American east coast as of this writing, and Donald Trump is already up and tweeting. As per usual when we get these early morning, unhinged rants from Trump, he is on the attack   this time with an old foe, The New York Times. As we all know, Trump has long had a frosty relationship with the media, and even invited them to Trump Tower only to rant at them about how he doesn t like how they covered him. Now, he has cancelled a meeting with the Times, the news organization that he had the most criticism for. Without further ado, here is all the craziness in its full glory:I cancelled today's meeting with the failing @nytimes when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not nice  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 22, 2016Perhaps a new meeting will be set up with the @nytimes. In the meantime they continue to cover me inaccurately and with a nasty tone!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 22, 2016The failing @nytimes just announced that complaints about them are at a 15 year high. I can fully understand that   but why announce?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 22, 2016This man is literally nuts. Instead of planning his transition, he is scolding the media, picking fights with Saturday Night Live and Hamilton, and deliberately trying to undermine the free press, which is one of our most vital American institutions and is especially important when the person about to take office is an unhinged serial liar.Hopefully, the press resists the temptation to normalize Trump, and they call him out on every lie, every crazy, unAmerican idea, and every corrupt thing he does. If they don t, we can kiss our democracy goodbye, because we just elected a literal fascist. Remember, folks   sowing distrust in institutions such as the free press is the first thing that happens when fascism begins to take hold. Trump is already neck-deep in that one. I shudder to think what s next.Featured image via Scott Eisen/Getty Images",0
3718, WATCH: CNN Panel FLOORED By Trump Lover’s Claims That Liberal Media Emboldened White Supremacists,"Over the weekend, the white supremacist group, National Policy Institute, held their annual conference in Washington, D.C., and it naturally drew some ire. A panel on Anderson Cooper s show laid into Trump for enabling and emboldening the white supremacist movement, because, let s face it, he has with his hateful rhetoric during his campaign and by being a complete failure at effectively denouncing them.Trump surrogate Kayleigh McEnany, however disagreed, claiming that Trump repeatedly denounced white supremacists and that the  liberal media  repeatedly takes him out of context: President-Elect Trump has repeatedly denounced racists more than any candidate in this race. And if the alt-right thinks that they have a friend in the White House, it s not because of Donald Trump, who s repeatedly denounced racism, it s because of liberal commentators who completely take him out of context, who gloss over the fact that he has called out racism, and mischaracterize his statements like you just did when he said he called Mexican immigrants rapists. That is not what he said. Um, yes it is, but Trump surrogates live in an alternate reality, where his words aren t actually his words   some liberal ventriloquist pretended they were Trump s words.The rest of the panel wasn t having it, though. Journalist Peter Beinart, of Haaretz, shot back at her: With all due respect, I really don t think that s why they think they have a friend. I did not imagine that Donald Trump spent years claiming that Barack Obama was not born in the United States. I didn t make that up. I didn t make up the fact that Donald Trump responded to the San Bernardino attack by calling for a halt to Muslim immigration into the United States.You are the one who, at every turn, has tried to defend the indefensible about this man. Oh, burn! McEnany apparently didn t like that, because she changed tactics and tried to invoke Reagan in a horribly wrong way, given Matt Lews, of The Daily Caller, said Reagan denounced bigotry and racism. She just gave us another demonstration of how Trump lovers have to grasp at any straw there is in order to defend their lord and savior, King Cheeto. She really sounds like a spin artist instead of someone who really understands what s happening.Watch the whole exchange below:Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
3719, Bernie Just Uncovered A HUGE ‘Scam’ Trump Thought You Wouldn’t Notice,"One of Donald Trump s biggest ideas and a way he hopes to peel off support from some Democrats is to propose a big infrastructure bill. Trump and his team believe that positioning infrastructure as an investment in America that would also employ people will get Democrats to budge.But Senator Bernie Sanders (I-VT) is now loudly pointing out that the Trump infrastructure idea is just another in his long line of  scam  proposals.Bernie Sanders called Donald Trump s infrastructure plan a  scam  that only helps large companies and Wall Street billionaires on Monday.Trump s plan gives giant tax credits for private companies that invest in projects, lowering the cost of financing the project significantly. Sanders took issue with the tax loopholes afforded by the plan. Trump would allow corporations that have stashed their profits overseas to pay just a fraction of what the companies owe in federal taxes,  he wrote.  And then he would allow the companies to  invest  in infrastructure projects in exchange for even more tax breaks. Trump s plan is corporate welfare coming and going. Other influential voices like New York Times columnist Paul Krugman have also pointed out the attempt at graft and greed that would no doubt be present in a Trump infrastructure proposal.Democrats hoping to regain power will be tested to stand up to attempts to schmooze them from Trump and a compliant media eager to give the incoming president a  win.  They hope to maintain opposition to Trump in the same manner that Republicans in the House and Senate have refused to work with President Obama since they took power.Some conservative Democrats have indicated that they want to consider Trump s proposals. That includes Sen. Jon Tester (MT) and Sen. Joe Manchin (WV), but both men come from states that went heavily for Trump and a lot of their rhetoric can be chalked up more to craven politics and fear of the right wing than actual principles and values.Featured image via Flickr",0
3720, NYC Mayor Reveals How He’ll DESTROY Trump’s Dangerous Idea,"Donald Trump s plan to create a national registry of Muslims residing in the United States alarms people of good faith and decent character from coast to coast. But indications are that the Republican majority in Congress, afraid of his rabid right-wing base, could implement this dangerous idea.Despite major losses at the governor and state legislature level, there are still strong, progressive Democrats out there in America. Few have the sort of major platform available to them that the mayor of New York City does, and Bill de Blasio has just announced his plans if Trump choses to go forward with his Muslim registry scheme.New York City would sue to stop the federal government if the Trump administration went forward with a plan to require all Muslims to register in a database, Mayor de Blasio said Monday.De Blasio, in a speech before hundreds of supporters on Monday denouncing many of Trump s policies, said,  We will sue to block it. We will use all the tools at our disposal to stand up for our people,  he said.De Blasio already angered Republicans with his decision to curtail the discriminatory  stop and frisk  policy utilized by police, and they also freaked out when he pointed out the dangers young black men like his son face from too many police officers.The promise from de Blasio on the Muslim registry echoes public statements from other officials in diverse cities since Trump s victory. Mayor Rahm Emanuel in Chicago has said that the city will remain a sanctuary city for undocumented immigrants, as have officials in Washington, D.C. and in Los Angeles, where the police department said public safety was their goal   not immigration purges.Trump s surprise election shocked America, especially on the left, but it may also have renewed a sense of resiliency and unity in the face of blatant bigotry.Featured image via Flickr",0
3721, It’s Already Happening: Potential Trump Pick Leaks Sensitive Information In Hilariously Stupid Way (IMAGE),"Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach has reportedly been in the running for Secretary of Homeland Security, and as an early Trump supporter, he s got a pretty good chance of getting a position within the administration.On Sunday, he had a meeting with Trump that lends credence to that assumption. Eager for any political opportunity, he appeared in a photograph with overlord Trump, and in that photograph, papers concerning his plans for our homeland security can be clearly seen.And read.Here s the picture in question, taken by the Associated Press:In his haste to be photographed with the president-elect, he left sensitive information facing directly toward the camera. And as reported by the Topeka Capital-Journal, the paper is clearly legible in the original photograph.The document calls for updating and reintroducing the National Security Entry-Exit Registration System. The program was implemented in the wake of the 9/11 attacks, but largely suspended in 2011. All aliens from high-risk areas are tracked,  the document reads.The document then calls for  extreme vetting questions  for  high-risk aliens ; echoing Trump s campaign rhetoric. High-risk aliens would be questioned about support for Sharia law (Islamic religious law), jihad, the equality of men and women and the U.S. Constitution.The document also asks for reducing the intake of Syrian refugees to zero.In other words, Trump s current top pick for Homeland Security wants a registry, wants to violate religious freedoms through extreme vetting, is completely against actually helping anyone, and is too stupid to put the damn papers in the binder before posing for a picture.Also included in the document, but hidden partially by his arm so that context is unavailable: the Patriot Act, voter rolls, and possible amendments to the Voting Rights Act. Considering Trump s rhetoric and what the rest of the paper contains, that is terrifying. It looks as though Republicans want to use the Department of Homeland Security to suppress the Democratic vote.Kobach was the one who designed the previous registry system for immigrants as well   the one that was abandoned in 2011 because it was completely useless, and is also un-American in concept:Right off the bat, Kobach starts his list by detailing the way he will institute the Muslim registry. First, he wants to restart the highly ineffective and civil rights-violating Bush screening and tracking policy known as  NSEERS.  The program forced Muslim immigrants to register and then routinely check in with immigration officials while they were in the US or face jail or deportation. It was also a disaster. Obama scrapped the whole thing in his first term. (Source)It didn t even result in a single terrorist being prosecuted. In fact, none of these methods will work beyond appeasing the disgusting impulses of the xenophobic right wing now running our country. Alienating communities and painting enemies where there are none does nothing but help the people you re trying to fight. But in the case of fascists like Trump, creating an enemy is a good thing: It allows them to justify seizing greater power while they erode civil liberties. Mark my words   he will come for the press, for protesters, and even for voters. He doesn t believe in the same basic rights you and I do   he doesn t even understand them.In many ways, this incident is a fair representation of the Trump campaign (and pending administration) as a whole: Incompetent, inhuman, and deeply immoral.Featured image by Drew Angerer via Getty Images",0
3722," White Supremacist Conservatives Cheer ‘Hail Trump, Hail Victory,’ Perform Nazi Salute","The benignly-named National Policy Institute held a meeting on Saturday, where 200 white nationalists and neo-Nazi types gathered to celebrate pushing extreme racism and anti-Semitism back into the mainstream courtesy of Donald Trump s elevation. Richard Spencer, NPI s leader, actually greeted them by shouting,  Hail Trump, hail our people, hail victory! And the people cheered while raising their arms in the Nazi salute.Spencer is the person who coined the term  alt-right  to make his fascist movement sound more palatable, but it doesn t change who they are. These are people who share Spencer s dream of an  ethno-state that would be a gathering point for all Europeans,  meaning all white people who aren t Jewish. They re looking to restore purity to the  superior  white race.NPI s agenda for the conference included topics like,  Trump and the New White Voter,   The Future of the Alt-Right,  and  America and the Jewish Consciousness,  and the meeting was more heavily attended this year than it has been in years past. Spencer s opening remarks included: An awakening among everyone has occurred with this Trump election. We re not quite the establishment now, but I think we should start acting like it. Yes. Trump is their Hitler. Pretty much literally at this point.Anybody who doesn t find this terrifying ought to, because pushing Nazi ideology into the mainstream and into Trump s administration brings us way too close to the very thing that Republicans feared the most until this year: Horrific, fascist dictatorship. This isn t the America we re supposed to be.But it s the America that these people want, and, as the Holocaust showed us 80 years ago, people who think this way will do anything to achieve it.Spencer and his racist and anti-Semitic followers believe that the U.S. originally belonged to white Christians only, and they want to push us back there. That means widespread deportation of anyone who isn t  white enough,  and possibly worse. Given that the administration is actually, really discussing a registry for Muslims that could lead to internment, the idea that they can influence Trump against other groups, too, isn t all that far-fetched anymore.And the rise of hate incidents and crimes against anyone who isn t white serves as further evidence that these Nazi-types feel they ve been vindicated because of Trump s election.Haaretz reporter Peter Beinart called these  interesting times  on Twitter, as he watched Spencer spew anti-Semitic and racist rhetoric while waiting to pick up his son at a Jewish school. Interesting? Hardly. Downright frightening is more like it.Featured image via screen capture",0
3723," Trump ERUPTS At Secret Meeting With The Press, Transition In Chaos (TWEETS)","Donald Trump has had a rocky relationship with the press ever since his presidential campaign, and he s only punished them further for trying to report the truth since becoming the President-elect.On Monday, Trump was set to have an off the record meeting with television networks to try and hash out presidential press access. This meeting was particularly important because Trump has previously limited press access, and has ditched two protocol press pools since getting elected.Some reporters in attendance were NBC s Deborah Turness, Lester Holt and Chuck Todd; ABC s James Goldston, George Stephanopoulos, David Muir and Martha Raddatz; CBS  Norah O Donnell and Charlie Rose; Fox News  Bill Shine, Jack Abernethy, Jay Wallace, Suzanne Scott; MSNBC s Phil Griffin; and CNN s Jeff Zucker and Erin Burnett. It was a good group, and it could have been a very effective meeting if only things had gone according to plan.Unfortunately, instead of having a respectful conversation and coming up with an amicable way to move forward, what the press got was a baby Trump temper tantrum of epic proportions. Or, as one person put it,  It was like a f*cking firing squad. Trump made zero attempt to hide his disrespect for the media. According to The New York Post, one anonymous source said: The meeting was a total disaster. The TV execs and anchors went in there thinking they would be discussing the access they would get to the Trump administration, but instead they got a Trump-style dressing down. This claim was backed up by another person, who said: The meeting took place in a big board room and there were about 30 or 40 people, including the big news anchors from all the networks. Trump kept saying,  We re in a room of liars, the deceitful dishonest media who got it all wrong. He addressed everyone in the room calling the media dishonest, deceitful liars. He called out Jeff Zucker by name and said everyone at CNN was a liar, and CNN was network of liars. This attack left reporters stunned, and even as they tried to keep bringing up press access to stay on topic, Trump barely let them speak. While this is certainly shocking, this behavior is completely typical of Trump. He has always hated the free press because it has held him accountable and reported on his mistakes and shortcomings.Americans on social media are already coming to terms with how terrifying this is:TwitterTwitterTwitterInterestingly enough, Trump spokeswoman Kellyanne Conway had the nerve to say the meeting went well. She said: Excellent meetings with the top executives of the major networks. Pretty unprecedented meeting we put together in two days. Disgraceful.Featured image by Christopher Furlong via Getty Images",0
3724, The Pope Just Took MAJOR Step In Abortion Rights; Conservatives LIVID,"While the United States and a few European countries seem to be taking a major right-hand political turn, Pope Francis made a stunning announcement in an apostolic letter on Monday that is setting conservatives on fire. While he s far short of allowing full reproductive rights among Catholics, he s decreed that women who ve had abortions don t have to go to Hell.In the letter, Pope Francis granted a special dispensation to priests and bishops that would allow them to absolve the sins of abortion.While this dispensation might have thousands, if not more, Catholic women breathing sighs of relief, the church isn t inviting abortion. In fact, the Pope specifically wrote,  I wish to restate as firmly as I can that abortion is a grave sin, since it puts an end to an innocent life. However, in perhaps the Church s first acknowledgement that women are people and not just birthing vessels, Pope Francis also said: In the same way, however, I can and must state that there is no sin that God s mercy cannot reach and wipe away when it finds a repentant heart seeking to be reconciled with the Father.  The letter continues:  May every priest, therefore, be a guide, support and comfort to penitents on this journey of special reconciliation. I henceforth grant to all priests, in virtue of their ministry, the faculty to absolve those who have committed the sin of procured abortion. This move is incremental. In 1983, Pope John Paul allowed bishops to lift excommunications to women who ve had abortions. Some bishops allowed priests to do the same, but this will be the first time that women around the world will be able to approach their priests, hoping they ll be granted forgiveness, with an actual chance of getting it.Still, conservatives want none of it:@FoxNews There has always been forgiveness it doesn t make the Sin of killing ones own Child less Atrocious They she be shunned from Society  GodBlessAmerica ?? (@brianknewhouse) November 21, 2016@tmchand @FoxNews If you followed His Sacred Heart you would know better May his Spirit give you Understanding and Wisdom ?? pic.twitter.com/39RS3um2OJ  GodBlessAmerica ?? (@brianknewhouse) November 21, 2016@FoxNews absolvement of murder. oh christianity, how far you have fallen.  thevortexFxT (@thevortexFxT) November 21, 2016@DRUDGE_REPORT And people thought we were kidding when we said this pope is not a catholic but a communist in sheeps clothing.  Brad (@Brad_D80) November 21, 2016@DRUDGE_REPORT #Eugenics AND the New World Order has more power over this so called Pope than God? Only God can forgive!  PrepperAgenda (@PrepperAgenda) November 21, 2016@DRUDGE_REPORT This shit head is worse than a Borgia Pope.  Comrade Strontium (@Mr_Strontium) November 21, 2016@DRUDGE_REPORT  Oh you killed a baby? That s OK say 10 Hail Marys rub these beads and You ll be just fine    @Pontifex  Bobby Lee (@BobbyLeeTN) November 21, 2016@DRUDGE_REPORT Once again an activist Pope trying to undermine the Catholic Church with Progressive Liberal Socialist ideas. He is wrong!  Hosscart (@rjnuff) November 21, 2016Even with this declaration, the Catholic Church is still in another century when it comes to a woman s right to choose, but, as conservatives  reactions are showing, this declaration puts the church miles ahead of the American Republican party.Featured image via Franco Origlia/Getty Images",0
3725, Mike Pence: Trump Is Probably Going To Torture People (VIDEO),"On Face The Nation, Mike Pence showed exactly how low the Trump administration is when he refused (again) to commit to the most basic part of human decency: Not, you know, torturing people. When asked unequivocally if Trump will torture people, he said  We re going to have a president again who will never say what he s never going to do.  That s right. He won t say no to internment camps. He won t say no to a nuclear first strike. And he won t say no to torture.Ask yourself: Is this the country we want to be right now?Here s the clip: Will Trump allow waterboarding?  We re going to have a president who will never say what we ll never do,  says Gov. Mike Pence. pic.twitter.com/GuFaQPXM8q  Face The Nation (@FaceTheNation) November 20, 2016A return to Bush-era strategies will see a return to Bush-era results. Instead of drones, there will be invasions. You think Benghazi was bad? Try over a dozen embassy attacks and dozens killed, not to mention 9/11. Trump wants to stop  radical Islamic terrorists?  Well, guess what, smart guy? Torture CREATES  radical Islamic terrorists. When President Obama first took office in 2008, one of the first steps he took was to inform the American public about the Republican torture program which had occurred under George Bush, and to put a stop to it:In one of his first acts as president, Obama signed an executive order that banned the use of torture by the CIA And three months later, his administration released Justice Department memos that revealed some of the arguments that Bush administration lawyers used to approve them. (MSNBC)And even he was less than perfect on that count. Generally, this subject is something everyone can agree on: Torture is bad. Torture is inhuman. Torture removes any possibility of moral superiority in conflict. Inflicting torture upon someone under your power and control makes you no better than the enemy. And, furthermore, it doesn t work   unless you re looking for confirmation bias, or looking to feed the xenophobic rage of sadistic bigots here at home.Trump s administration is going to drag us back as a country on every single issue. There has never been a moment, during any of our lifetimes, as important as this one to remember one simple thing: Democracy does not stop at the ballot box. 1.5 million more (and counting) voted for Hillary Clinton. It is a mistake in the system and the result of Republican rigging after the last census that even gave this demagogue public office. And it is our responsibility, for the future of our country, our children, and the world, to stop as much of what he tries to accomplish as is possible.Featured image via video screencapture",0
3726, Reince Priebus Says We ARE Going Forward With Trump’s COMPLETELY Asinine Terrorism Plan,"On CNN s  State of the Union  yesterday, Reince Priebus fielded a question about Gen. Michael Flynn s insistence that it s perfectly rational to fear Muslims. Poor Priebus tried to deflect and failed miserably: There are some people within that particular religion that we do fear. So what are we going to do about it? We re going to cause massive immigration delays and blow yet another hole in the deficit by going forward with the Muslim ban. Or rather, we re potentially going to piss off some allies by suspending all immigration from certain countries: We don t believe in religious tests and   are not blanketly judging an entire religion, but, in fact, we will try to pinpoint the problems and temporarily suspend those areas from coming into the United States until a better vetting system is in place. And yet, they want to implement a  values test,  through which people can lie to their heart s content. Given the Trump train s Islamophobia, such a values test could actually look like a religious test.He s targeting both refugees and other immigrants from areas where there might be a problem with terrorism that could end up getting exported here, and will use both DHS and the Department of State to pinpoint these countries, and we ll develop our  extreme vetting  and all will be right with the world.As reported everywhere about five million times, we already have an extensive vetting system in place for refugees, whatever Trump, Priebus, and the rest of the fear-mongerers keep pushing.We likewise have a very lengthy, complex, and extensive vetting process in place for other immigrants. Most applicants need a U.S. sponsor a relative or potential employer as assurance that they aren t coming here to be a burden on our system. The whole process starts with a petition, and then goes to National Visa Center screening if the petition is approved.There are also in-depth interviews that take place, along with about a squillion forms that must be filled out and submitted to the NVC. When they finally come to the U.S., they generally have a packet about an inch thick which U.S. Customs and Border Protection evaluates before granting entry into the U.S. From there, immigrants get sent to Customs and Immigration Services for processing.Trump would add a  values test  to this already-lengthy and complex process. This is to ensure that no potential Muslim extremists could successfully immigrate here, and is actually not entirely without precedent here. However, our current law states that we will not apply values tests to potential immigrants.Other parts of the plan, including the rest of his  extreme vetting,  could actually strain State Department and DHS resources and cause major delays. How bad the whole thing will be depends heavily on what countries they plan to target, which could be limited to the Middle East, but could just as easily stretch into Europe and parts of Africa. Many of our immigrants come from Africa   who knows who this will piss off?All of this could also become quite expensive, but it seems the deficit is suddenly not a major issue to the GOP. After all, we re supposed to get this yuuuuuuge influx of jobs, which means a yuuuuuge influx of tax dollars despite the tax cuts. This is so not going to work.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
3727," Obama Cancels ‘Sleep’ Plans, Will Stick Around To Save The Democratic Party Instead","Earlier this year, President Obama joked that as soon as he was out of office he would set aside three to four months to sleep off the previous eight years, but those plans are officially canceled thanks to Donald Trump. Months ago Obama, like the rest of us, expected Hillary Clinton to win the election. Past staying in Washington, D.C. while Sasha finished school, the Obamas  futures were not set in stone. Now, out of a sense of duty to his country, the President says he will do what he must to save the Democratic Party.In the November 28 edition of The New Yorker, Obama says that he d be done if Hillary Clinton was going to be our next President, but Trump s  landslide victory  gives him no choice but to stay in politics for a while: I think that if Hillary Clinton had won the election then I d just turn over the keys,  he said.  We d make sure the briefing books were in order and out we go. I think now I have some responsibility to at least offer my counsel to those who will continue to be elected officials about how the D.N.C. can help rebuild, how state parties and progressive organizations can work together. But don t worry, Republicans, the President made it clear that he won t be declaring himself Emperor-For-Life, no matter how many scary right-wing conspiracy websites told you he would:Not long before the election, Valerie Jarrett, the senior aide with the closest relationship to the Obamas, asked the President,  Don t you sometimes wish you could run for another term? I m sure you could win, and there s so much more to do. Obama had no appetite for superseding the Twenty-second Amendment.  I said no, because, look, at some point you lose touch,  he recounted.  By being in this room. At some point, you get worn down. At some point, you start getting into bad habits. I told her,  We re playing on house money here. We weren t supposed to be here. For us to have had this opportunity and to be able to make this much change, as much as we wish that we could have gotten everything done, it s remarkable. What will be Obama s role in the Trumpocalypse? That much is unclear   but the party will be much better off with him involved than otherwise.Featured image via Getty Images/Carsten Koall",0
3728, About That Trump University Fine – There’s A Huge Catch; You And I Will Pay It,"After Trump s latest Twitter rant over the performance protest, or rather, polite urging of Mike Pence, the true big story of the day had some daylight, but not near enough. Trump, who claims he never settles lawsuits, did just that on Saturday when he agreed to pay $25 million in the Trump University fraud suits. While that might seem like a bit of justice served, it was revealed on Sunday that it will be the taxpayers who will pick up the bill.To be fair, it s not Trump s fault. It s the fault of the US tax code, which, as usual, favors the wealthy   you know, the people who can afford to pay $25 million in lawsuit settlements.Of course, the real cost to Mr. Trump is after tax, not before it. And most business settlements are fully tax deductible. The only part that arguably may not be here is the $1 million in penalties. But barring express non-deductibility commitments, many penalties can be deducted, too. In general, fines and penalties paid to the government are not deductible. Section 162(f) of the tax code prohibits deducting  any fine or similar penalty paid to a government for the violation of any law. Despite punitive sounding names, though, some fines and penalties are considered remedial and deductible. That allows some flexibility. Companies often deduct  compensatory penalties,  a maneuver affirmed in a recent Circuit Court ruling. Some defendants insist that their settlement agreement confirms that the payments are not penalties and are remedial. Conversely, some government entities insist on the reverse. Explicit provisions about taxes in settlement agreements are becoming more common.Source: ForbesYes, that is tax code, but there are exceptions which the Justice Department can enforce. For example, Credit Suisse was forbidden from writing off its fine of $2.6 billion for tax evasion.This all brings us back to the fact that we still don t have access to Donald Trump s tax returns. He doesn t pay taxes at all and in fact, one year, he reported a near billion dollar loss.Trump supporters paint him in a passive light. After all, it s not his fault the tax code is so easy for the wealthy to manipulate. The fact is, though, it s wealthy people like him who have been writing the tax laws for decades. That s why they are able to pay far less, as a percentage of income, than most Americans.If you expect this will get better with Trump in office, let s hope you re not holding your breath. Trump was caught just last week promising a restaurant full of wealthy people that he would be lowering their taxes. Of course, he didn t need to be caught on a hot mic. Analysts have already figured out that Trump s tax plan will benefit the wealthy, and only the wealthy, all while putting the country deeper and deeper into debt.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images.",0
3729, Cop Shares Racist Meme About Michelle Obama; Now That Cop Is Having A VERY Bad Day (IMAGES),"After the election of Donald Trump many folks seem to see it as a permission slip to be as racist and vile as possible. However, here s the thing, you re still going to get called out as racist and vile. And one Alabama police officer just found this out the hard way.According to the Washington Post: Talladega Police Officer Joel Husk was terminated Wednesday for violating the department s social media and code of conduct policies, City Manager Patrick Bryant said. What did he do? So glad you asked: Husk had posted several memes on his Facebook page, including one showing Obama and Melania Trump.  Fluent in Slovenian, English, French, Serbian, and German,  it said over Trump s photo. Over Obama s, it read:  Fluent in Ghetto. Not only that, he posted several extraordinarily racist memes:via Washington Postvia Washington PostAccording to the City Manager, the statements were  deemed to be biased or racially insensitive or derogatory  and because of that, they  have to take action to correct it. If you re going to be a police officer and serve all the public, you can t assume black people standing up for their rights are equivalent to the KKK. That s about the most horrific equivalence imaginable.Also, according to WaPo: Husk, 37, who had been with the department for about two and a half years, had also shared a meme showing President Obama with the words:  Was Dallas a terrorist attack? Yes! Carried out by Obama s own homegrown terrorist group! Which is a blatant lie and anyone who were to feel that way belongs nowhere near law enforcement. The city took the proper action letting this racist cop go, and hopefully it will be an example to police departments all over the country that this sort of behavior simply cannot be tolerated.Trump s election must not be allowed to serve as a permission slip to bigots everywhere that it s fine to be as awful as possible, because here in the land of the free and the home of the brave, everyone is protected. Everyone, regardless of color, class, gender, sexual orientation, or creed.Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3730, Hannity Gets HUMILIATED For Claiming He Never Kissed Trump’s A**,"Sounds like someone can t handle the truth.In her new book, Fox News host Megyn Kelly claimed that pro-Trump hosts  would arrange with Trump in advance to ask him certain critical questions or do certain hits on him so they would appear to have some credibility. In other words, they were pretending to ask tough questions on the spot but Trump was able to form an answer in advance, thereby making himself look good.Kelly did not name names but one pro-Trump host is already objecting.Naturally, fellow Fox host Sean Hannity went on the defensive on Twitter and demonstrated that he has never heard the old quote in Hamlet about protesting too much.Hannity demanded to know which hosts Kelly was talking about and strenuously insisted that he isn t one of them.No idea who @megynkelly is talking about. When I asked ? s about Justices, The wall, Refugees, Obamacare, economy etc I wanted real answers! https://t.co/AZxax2rpur  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 20, 2016I would love to know who was  Acting . https://t.co/AZxax2rpur  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 20, 2016I never asked a question from a TelePrompTer in my life. I cannot speak for others. https://t.co/OSs0sO9tDS  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 20, 2016Curious who she was referring to. I am transparent, I want to defeat Isis, protect the homeland and get people out of poverty and working! https://t.co/tranPp7y2k  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 20, 2016I m just curious. All year long I talked about the number of people not working in poverty on food stamps I wanted real answers and got them https://t.co/62F0etYnxS  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 20, 2016Twitter users had fun mocking Hannity for pretending he was tough on Trump.@seanhannity, you sir are no journalist. You are a Trump surrogate, or more accurately, a puppet. Period. @JohnJHarwood @megynkelly  Joseph Amodeo (@josephamodeo) November 20, 2016@seanhannity @JohnJHarwood @megynkelly Guilty conscience? Why don t you ask her? You probably have access to her.  patrick dickson (@knowitall143) November 20, 2016.@seanhannity @megynkelly @Mediaite Have you ever watched your show, Sean?  Tweets by Collin  (@TweetsByCollin) November 21, 2016Megyn Kelly also claimed that some of these pro-Trump hosts received gifts for going easy on him.Of course, Hannity claimed he never received any gifts from Trump.I would also like to know what people were offered by DT, I was never offered a thing. Never stayed at a DT property played a DT golf course https://t.co/62F0etYnxS  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 20, 2016Never played a DT golf course. To be clear. https://t.co/62F0eufYpq  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 20, 2016That led to this spectacular takedown by a Twitter user.@seanhannity Trump didn t offer you anything because he knows your love is unconditional like a good lapdog.  Eric Koeller (@BasicKoell) November 20, 2016And that caused Hannity to complain.Nice cheap shot. I agree with his plans for the economy, energy, vetting, the wall, Ct Justices, Obamacare, education, and foreign policy. https://t.co/toN8PRsjQu  Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) November 21, 2016As we all know, Sean Hannity was Donald Trump s chief propagandist throughout the 2016 campaign. Trump could always count on Hannity to deliver the softball interviews he demanded but didn t get from real journalists.That being said, Hannity is lying when he says that he was tough on Trump. BUt it s probably true that he received nothing in return. After all, there s no need to bribe someone whose lip prints are already firmly embedded on your ass.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3731, Hamilton DISTRACTION: Trump Gets Away With Lying About His INSANE Debt To This Nation (DETAILS),"We have really got to stop allowing Donald Trump to control the conversation. Every time anything negative about him comes out in the media, he somehow, in someway, usually via Twitter, is able to pivot even the most expert journalist away from what we should actually be focusing on.Trump did this throughout his entire election, and he continues to do this now.For instance, right after the Trump University settlement came out, where Trump seemingly admitted to fraud by paying out $25 million, he quickly went crazy on Twitter attacking the Broadway hit musical Hamilton and Saturday Night Live to shift the focus to that instead. He knows he s going to be scrutinized, so he s masterfully figured out how to control what is scrutinized.Some people, however, are figuring this all out. Albeit, a little too late, because Trump already manipulated himself into the White House.For example, Adam Khan just tweeted out:Hey journalists distracted by Trump's Hamilton shenanigans!He lied to Federal Election Commission-underreported his debt to Bank of China https://t.co/iFHvDjwhPY  Adam Khan (@Khanoisseur) November 20, 2016Then explaining it further:New: Trump owes $650 million to Bank of China, Goldman Sachs -more than TWICE the amount he has publicly claimed pic.twitter.com/z8N1HCYwmH  Adam Khan (@Khanoisseur) August 20, 2016Now, under normal circumstances, that alone would have disqualified Mr. Trump from running for office, yet this year was anything but normal.While Hillary Clinton was treated by the media like the spawn of Satan for having a private server at home like many, many people and businesses do for security purposes, Trump was able to get away with admitting to sexual assault, not showing his taxes, having a fraud case going to court, insulting the disabled and prisoners of war, being as racist and misogynistic as his heart desired, and he was still untouchable.Until the media stops allowing themselves to be manipulated by Trump, nothing is going to change. He s a smarmy businessman who conned his way into the White House, and the media played his game which helped pave the way.We need to wake up, call him out, do our due diligence, and hold that man accountable for his actions.Featured Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3732, Spice Company Owner Causes Family Feud When He Calls Trump ‘Racist’,"After eight years of being told that Barack Obama is the most divisive president in the history of the United States, Republicans actually elected the most divisive president in the history of the United States. It seems that the election of Donald Trump is causing more than just a rift between Democrats and Republicans and between white men and everyone else. It s causing rifts among families and that s no more evident than in the  spice wars  that s happening between two feuding spice-owning branches of the same family.Penzeys Spices in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin caused controversy when it emailed its customers its owners opinions about Donald Trump. They weren t positive. The open embrace of racism by the Republican Party in this election is now unleashing a wave of ugliness unseen in this country for decades,  Bill Penzey Jr. wrote in a Tuesday night email to the company s mailing list.  The American people are taking notice. Source: USA TodayAfter that email, Penzey doubled down on their Facebook page with a post titled  Cooking trumps Racism.  Penzey also answered his numerous critics. Penzey was clear that he wasn t calling all Republicans racist, just the Republicans who voted for Trump:(Y)ou just voted for an openly racist candidate for the presidency of the United States of America. In your defense, most of you did so without thinking of the consequences of your candidate s racism because, for most of you the heartbreaking destruction racism causes has never been anything you or your loved ones have had to experience. But the thing is elections have their consequences. This is no longer sixty years ago. Whether any of us like it or not, for the next four years the 80% of this country who did not just vote for an openly racist candidate are going to treat you like you are the kind of person who would vote for an openly racist candidate.He also appealed to the people that might be having buyer s remorse, urging them to donate to the ACLU of the SPLC.Still, not all customers are happy, but some noted that Penzey has always been outspoken and for liberals, on the right path.In some people, Penzey s has found new customers:Penzey s sister Patty, who co-owns the Milwaukee-based The Spice House with her husband, is not amused:Yet another awkward Thanksgiving, thanks to our most contentious election since 2000.Featured image via Penzeys Facebook Page. ",0
3733, Fox News To Black Hamilton Actor: Shut Up And ‘Stick To Hip Hop’ (VIDEO),"In a convenient distraction from Trump s recent $25 million settlement in fraud lawsuits connected to his fake university, virulently homophobic Indiana Governor and future Vice President Mike Pence decided to go see a Broadway show.Naturally, Pence s appearance at  Hamilton  was not well-received, with the crowd booing him as he entered and the cast taking some time at the end of the show to have a  come to Jesus  moment with the man who thinks many of them should be electrocuted, imprisoned, or killed.Now to many of Trump s followers who are, shall we say, not exactly fans of Abraham Lincoln, this was the worst thing to ever happen in a theatre in the history of ever. But to the rest of us, a much-needed message was delivered: that he should be there to represent all Americans, not just the ones he likes.This message to Pence sent the conservative world nosediving into Lake Stupidity, with many of them vowing to boycott the musical (which is sold out until seemingly six generations from now) and one particularly deplorable Trump fan decided to cause a scene that lasted through multiple musical numbers (the cast was praised for acting like he wasn t even there).While Pence himself was not offended by the cast s message, Fox News  Jeanine Pirro joins Donald Trump in being irrationally furious about the nontroversy. What happened in that theater one block from this studio was out-and-out reverse racism and teed-up hate!  Pirro said on her show Saturday, accusing the actors of using a play about  our American history  as a  political bully pulpit    an ironic statement given Pence s numerous horrific remarks about women, they gay community, and many other groups of Americans (not to mention that Trump has become one of the most notorious internet trolls in history).Pirro demanded to know why the cast did not lecture Barack Obama or Hillary Clinton, who are not terrible people, for being terrible people when they attended the production. Last night violates everything that you say that you stand for,  she raged.  You re Hamiltonians, you re students of American history. Why not hip hop about the electoral college or is that the part of the Constitution that you just want to ignore? Maybe you want to dance about Hamilton, why not dance about that!  Pirro continued as she dissolved into a greater degree of madness than normal.  And I ve got news for you. Don t lecture this man. You may know a little about hip hop and dancing around a stage. I majored in American history and I saw the play  Hamilton  and I loved it,  she said as he rant ended.  But you just took the fun, the enjoyment and the memory of that play right out of me, which might explain why the number one hashtag is that s trending right now is #BoycottHamilton. Featured image via screengrab",0
3734, Trump-Loving Santa Removed From Mall After Trash-Talking Hillary Clinton To Kids (VIDEO),"Mall Santas have one job: be jolly. Unfortunately, that was too much for one Trump-loving douchebag in a red suit to handle.WWLP reports that a mall Santa was removed from the building after he was caught bashing Hillary Clinton when he was supposed to be listening to what kids wanted for Christmas. The unnamed fake-bearded Deplorable was working at the Seminole Towne Center in Sanford, Florida when he told a little girl she was on his  nice list    which would be sweet if it wasn t a lead-in to an attack on the winner of the popular vote. Do you know who is on my naughty list?  the creepy Santa asked the little girl.  Hillary Clinton.  In fact, according to Santa, the former Secretary of State s name is the only one on the naughty list. Then he laughed like he just did something clever rather than prove to a child that Santa is a terrible person.The girl s mother called management and Santa was quickly dragged away to the North Pole (or HR mediation, whichever you prefer) so he would not be a further terrible influence on children. He was replaced with another of Santa s helpers   hopefully one who knows that it s not St. Nick s job to talk politics with children.A spokesman for the Noerr Programs, the company in charge of staffing mall Santas, said in a statement that the Santa will not be fired from his job, but that he was  given additional training. He is allowed to work with children at another location, but will not be returning to the Seminole Towne Center. It is unclear to how many other children Santa spread his poisonous message of hate, but no amount of training can keep him from being a terrible person.Watch a report on the incident below:Featured image via Defend Christmas",0
3735, REPORT: Melania And Barron Trump Will Not Be Moving Into The White House,"President-elect Donald Trump recently asked his advisers how many nights a week he would have to spend in the White House. Trump, who obviously feels being president is a part-time gig, wants to spend as much time at his ritzy penthouse in Manhattan as possible. Previously, it was believed that Melania Trump would move to Washington but that s not going to happen.Future First Lady Melania Trump and 10-year-old son Barron will not be moving to the White House after Donald Trump s inauguration in January, according to the New York Post.Barron is halfway through a school year in New York. Melania is extremely close to Barron, and they have become closer during the campaign,  a source told the Post.  The campaign has been difficult for Barron, and she is really hoping to keep disruption to a minimum. According to another source, the future first lady will travel to the White House as needed, but her primary focus is on her son. Melania is very supportive of her husband and is fully on board of doing everything that s needed as first lady,  said the second source.Although no plans are in place, the source said it s possible that Melania and Barron may move to the White House at the end of the school year.The president-elect has been using Trump Tower as his headquarters which has raised concerns over security costs for the city.It s cool with us if Melania wants to remain in New York City but if Michelle Obama had made this same choice, the outrage from conservatives would have been deafening. And we think it s great Melania has a close relationship with her young son. Mrs. Obama enjoys an amazing relationship with her daughters, too. However, she did move them to the White House where first families live. It s called a double standard.The role of the First Lady includes acting as White House hostess. We re wondering if Ivanka will fill the role of First Lady in Melania s absence now. Barron s tuition as the private school is approximately $40,000.Photo by Chip Somodevilla via Getty.",0
3736, Trump Loses His Sh*t Over SNL Skit And Alec Baldwin Immediately HUMILIATES Him,"Once again, Donald Trump threw a temper tantrum over Saturday Night Live and Alec Baldwin was there to put him over his knee like a petulant child.Saturday Night Live hilariously lampooned Trump during the cold open, depicting him meeting with several people, including a General, Mitt Romney, and Mike Pence as Kellyanne Conway spent the time wishing she had a time machine to stop herself from helping Trump win.Overwhelmed by the new job, Baldwin s Trump had to look up ISIS on Google to figure out what it is, freaked out about how to bring back every coal job in West Virginia that has been lost, and double checked with Mike Pence to make sure he ll be doing everything for him.Here s the video via YouTube.Thin-skinned as usual, Donald Trump lashed out when he saw the skit on Sunday morning, calling it a  biased show  and actually demanded  equal time. I watched parts of @nbcsnl Saturday Night Live last night. It is a totally one-sided, biased show   nothing funny at all. Equal time for us?  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 20, 2016This is an asinine demand that would only have merit if Hillary Clinton had appeared on Saturday Night Live during the campaign. But the election is over.30 minutes after Trump whined about SNL, Alec Baldwin responded by putting Trump in his place. @realDonaldTrump Equal time? Election is over. There is no more equal time. Now u try 2 b Pres + ppl respond. That s pretty much it.  ABFoundation (@ABFalecbaldwin) November 20, 2016Trump also made more time to criticize the cast of Hamilton because he is incapable of letting things go.The cast and producers of Hamilton, which I hear is highly overrated, should immediately apologize to Mike Pence for their terrible behavior  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 20, 2016Seriously, presidents are supposed to be above this stuff. But Trump refuses to ignore every little slight against him, no matter where it comes from. He is only a couple months away from taking over the White House and he still hasn t learned to control his temper or his thirst for revenge. Nations are going to test him and we re all going to end up suffering for it because this man can t even handle a Broadway play or a comedy skit. How are we supposed to expect him to act when a nation insults him and he has control of the nuclear weapons?Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3737, Trump Will Freak Out After This Senator Just Shut Him Down,"Among the more disgusting practices Donald Trump has said he wants to bring back in the presidency is the use of torture by the American military. Despite evidence that has shown it doesn t work, and the fact that it smells of moral depravity, Trump told his ravenous crowds during the election that he would allow waterboarding.But now Senator John McCain (R-AZ) is telling Trump flatly that this isn t going to happen.Sen. John McCain of Arizona, chairman of the Armed Services Committee, said at the Halifax International Security Forum that any attempt to bring back harsh interrogation techniques such as waterboarding, which simulates drowning, would quickly be challenged in court. I don t give a damn what the president of the United States wants to do or anybody else wants to do. We will not waterboard. We will not do it,  McCain said to applause during a panel discussion.McCain is a hardcore conservative from Arizona, but he is also one of the few people serving in public life at the federal level who has actually experienced torture. McCain was shot down over Vietnam and tortured while he served as a prisoner of war.In a previous exchange with Trump, the former reality star denigrated McCain s service record and said he didn t like soldiers who were captured during war.McCain rescinded his endorsement of Trump during the election when audio surfaced of Trump bragging about sexually assaulting women.Trump has repeatedly attacked McCain, who was among the more prominent Republicans who criticized Trump during the campaign.While McCain has a poor record on many topics, he has been consistent in his opposition to torture, even as he has been described by liberals as a warmonger.McCain was Barack Obama s opponent in the 2008 presidential election, and lost in a landslide to the current sitting president.Featured image via Flickr",0
3738, Report: Trump Talking To Fox News Birther For Administration Job,"Donald Trump is considering a prominent supporter of the birther conspiracy theory from Fox News for a position in his administration, according to a report. Trump is reportedly mulling over a spot for Eric Bolling to be part of his Commerce Department.Fox News host Eric Bolling has discussed the possibility of taking a position in Donald Trump s administration, two sources with knowledge of the discussions tell POLITICO.The position being discussed is in the Department of Commerce, though nothing has been offered yet.Bolling, a co-host of  The Five  and an early Trump supporter, was spotted at Trump Tower in New York City on Wednesday by the press pool and may have visited again on Friday.While at Fox News, Bolling was a proponent of the racist birther conspiracy, that falsely alleged that President Obama was born in Kenya and thus not a natural born citizen of the United States. Even after Obama publicly released his long form birth certificate, Bolling was skeptical and used a blown-up version of the document which he believed was some sort of phony.At the time Bolling said:  There is a legitimate question as to whether or not the president of the United States is allowed to be president of the United States. Bolling also used racist language about Obama. He referred to a visit from the president of Gabon to the White House as evidence of  a hoodlum in the hizzouse.  He also once accused the president of  chugging a few 40s. Bolling is considered one of the less intelligent on-air personalities that Fox uses on its roster, that Trump is seriously considering him for a role   simply because he was a big cheerleader for Trump on the most pro-Trump   is troubling.Trump seems to be packing the administration full of flunkies and  yes  men who answer only to him and not the American people and its voters.Featured image via YouTube",0
3739, Two VERY Different Visions For The Future Of The Democratic Party Are Battling It Out,"Following a traumatic Election Night and Donald Trump s unexpected win (of the electoral college), Democrats have been scrambling to figure out what went wrong. Beyond finding out where polling malfunctioned, liberals are struggling to understand what has happened within the party and how to go about fixing it. But as usual, there are some very different ideas about where the problem lies and how to remedy the situation   even when it comes to diversity.Two very different visions for the future of the Democratic PartyAccording to Mark Lilla of the New York Times, we need to quit focusing on our individual identities if we hope to save the Democratic party. In his piece The End of Identity Liberalism, he writes that we have been taught to celebrate  our differences. However, he argues that  this is a splendid principle of moral pedagogy   but disastrous as a foundation for democratic politics in our ideological age. In recent years American liberalism has slipped into a kind of moral panic about racial, gender and sexual identity that has distorted liberalism s message and prevented it from becoming a unifying force capable of governing. Our focus on teaching diversity in schools, Lilla said,  has produced a generation of liberals and progressives narcissistically unaware of conditions outside their self-defined groups, and indifferent to the task of reaching out to Americans in every walk of life. Lilla said that Hillary Clinton s great mistake was appealing to each individual group, which left out the white working class. National politics in healthy periods is not about  difference,  it is about commonality. And it will be dominated by whoever best captures Americans  imaginations about our shared destiny. He rejected the  whitelash  theory but also failed to acknowledge the blatant racism of Trump s campaign. He writes,  the whitelash thesis is convenient because it absolves liberals of not recognizing how their own obsession with diversity has encouraged white, rural, religious Americans to think of themselves as a disadvantaged group whose identity is being threatened or ignored. However, Lilla said nothing about the racism, anti-Semitism, and Islamophobia that was the basis of Trump s campaign. Trump used the racial tensions that resulted from having a black man in the white house and stoked the fires of bigotry. From the first day Trump announced that he was running for president, he used xenophobia to rally white America behind him. He was endorsed by the Ku Klux Klan and has now installed a white nationalist as his chief strategist.Trump never, at any point, offered a real plan for  making America great again  other than to promise that he would make life hell for anybody who isn t a straight white Christian male. But bigotry was enough to rally white America behind him.Lilla then warned that  Liberals should bear in mind that the first identity movement in American politics was the Ku Klux Klan, which still exists. Those who play the identity game should be prepared to lose it.  He concludes that  we need a post-identity liberalism,  and argued that taking on the concerns of specific minorities can be risky.We need a post-identity liberalism, and it should draw from the past successes of pre-identity liberalism. Such a liberalism would concentrate on widening its base by appealing to Americans as Americans and emphasizing the issues that affect a vast majority of them. It would speak to the nation as a nation of citizens who are in this together and must help one another. As for narrower issues that are highly charged symbolically and can drive potential allies away, especially those touching on sexuality and religion, such a liberalism would work quietly, sensitively and with a proper sense of scale. (To paraphrase Bernie Sanders, America is sick and tired of hearing about liberals  damn bathrooms.)Steve Phillips at the Nation has a radically different solution to what he feels is the problem facing progressives, as he wrote in his article, It s Time to Diversify the Democratic Party Leadership. And this picture says it all:Phillips explains that  nearly the entire top level of progressive leadership that controlled $1.5 billion in spending was made up of white people.   All of the individuals in the above table are good people, but none of them are from the hood. They don t hang out in black barbershops and beauty salons. They don t feel their hearts race when they see a police car s lights shining in their rear view mirror. They don t have family facing deportation to Mexico. They ve never been told to  go back to where you came from,  called a racial slur, or told to speak English. They ve never been detained at an airport because they look suspicious. They haven t lived the experiences of the people who comprise almost half of all Democratic voters.To win elections in an increasingly multiracial nation requires leadership and top staff who come from, understand, and are committed to the rapidly growing communities of color that are transforming the composition of the country. Whereas Lilla says we need to move away from identity, Phillips argues that now is the time, more than ever, to embrace our diversity at the top level of the Democratic party s leadership.  As last week s election revealed, the foundation of the Democratic home is structurally unsound. The time is now to focus on and fix the problem, and the first step in that direction is putting in place party leadership who understand how to build power and win elections in a racially combustible environment,  Phillips concluded.I tend to think it is a mixture of both these philosophies. Without a doubt, we need more diversity at the top. Even though Lilla got so much wrong, he was right in that we must find the common threads that unite us all as Americans. Yet, it is impossible to do that without acknowledging individuality and cultural diversity. To do that, we must do exactly as Phillips said and make sure the leadership of our party reflects the ever more diverse makeup of the country.Featured image via insurestory.com",0
3740, Adviser Who Oversaw Obama’s Infrastructure Plan Blows IMMENSE Hole In Trump’s Plan,"One of Trump s biggest campaign promises was to create jobs, and right now his plan is a massive, trillion-dollar infrastructure program. Sounds fantastic, right? Sure, it ll cost money, but it ll mean thousands of jobs and we get our crumbling infrastructure back into shape. Sweet!Or not, says former Obama adviser Ron Klain. Those trillions won t be poured directly into projects   they ll go to investors who then may or may not back needed infrastructure projects. Klain oversaw the implementation of President Obama s  Recovery Act  of 2009 and knows a thing or two about this, and he believes Trump s plan is actually a massive trap: Trump s plan provides tax breaks to private-sector investors who back profitable construction projects. These projects (such as electrical grid modernization or energy pipeline expansion) might already be planned or even underway. There s no requirement that the tax breaks be used for incremental or otherwise expanded construction efforts; they could all go just to fatten the pockets of investors in previously planned projects. How bloody fantastic   more tax cuts for the rich. In other words, the plan may or may not create jobs for Americans. It may or may not actually give us the influx of dollars we need to repair our decaying infrastructure. It s a very pretty Mardi Gras mask placed over what s basically more government welfare for the rich and powerful.In fact, Klain points out that there s no guarantee that this will create jobs because there s no requirement that those dollars go to unfunded projects. He also says that it s not likely to go to projects that aren t profitable for investors, such as expanding and rebuilding water grids or repairing existing roads and bridges.These investors could see up to $85 billion apiece with which they have to do nothing. Without the necessary strings, those trillion dollars will effectively be flushed down the toilet while rich investors make themselves richer.And Democrats jumping on board with this plan are busy collecting their 30 pieces of silver. According to Klain, it didn t go so well for them when they backed either Ronald Reagan s or George W. Bush s tax cut plans because ultimately, those plans increased inequality and blew holes in the federal budget. Democrats sold themselves out on those plans, though, and they re selling out again on this one.Worse, though, Trump s infrastructure plan could actually open the door to Republicans who want to weaken things like wage protection and union representation for construction workers. Both of these will badly harm Americans, including, and perhaps especially, the white working class.Democrats are taking a lot of heat over an idea that they needed to focus far more heavily on white, rural America during the election, and some Democrats have jumped on the Trump train s infrastructure ideas and are calling it a  jobs plan.  Except it s not, and it will probably hurt the working class even more. At the bare minimum, it won t help them, and then they ll blame Democrats for it because reasons.They ll blame Democrats if Trump s infrastructure plan doesn t go through, too. In other words, Democrats can t win for losing, even though Trump is the cartoon villain who deserves to have this land squarely on his head like a piano or a giant anvil.Trump s setting us up for a trillion dollar failure. All he and the Republicans care about are enriching the already rich. Klain is right. This is a trap, and we need to beware.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
3741, George Takei Has PERFECT Response To Trump’s Demand That ‘Hamilton’ Apologize To Mike Pence,"Donald Trump made this way too easy for George Takei.On Saturday morning, Trump lashed out at the cast of  Hamilton  because the audience booed Mike Pence before the play on Friday night, and the cast delivered a short message afterwards declaring their hope that he learned something from watching.First, Trump whined about so-called  harassment,  and complained about how  this should not happen. Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2016Then he demanded an apology from the cast for somehow violating Pence s safe space.The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2016Trump was immediately mocked for his posts, but the award for best response goes to actor George Takei, who masterfully turned Trump s second Twitter post against him as a message from the nation.AMERICA must always be a safe and special place. The Trump administration has been very cruel to many good people. Apologize! https://t.co/ndavyD3su6  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 19, 2016That s right. Trump is being a massive hypocrite as usual, and it came back to bite him on the ass.But Takei wasn t done.If Trump gets upset at a NY theater audience booing his VP, imagine what he ll feel like on inauguration when millions cry out against him.  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 19, 2016The Internet responds quickly  pic.twitter.com/jhtb4BSDIe  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 19, 2016I wonder if Pence went to Hamilton to take our focus off the Trump University fraud settlement. This administration is morally bankrupt.  George Takei (@GeorgeTakei) November 19, 2016For a year and half, Donald Trump has used offensive hate speech and divisive rhetoric. He has insulted just about every group in America, but he expects everyone to respect him and Pence now.They are pathetic and disgraceful and deserve all the ridicule they are getting from the American people.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
3742, Donald Trump Gets HUMILIATED In The Most Epic Way By A Muslim U.S. Marine,"This is perfect.For months, Donald Trump has been talking about forcing Muslims to put themselves on a national registry and to carry special identification with them, much like the Jews were forced to do in 1930s Germany before Hitler used their identification to slaughter them in the Holocaust.Trump has since tried to back away from this idea, but that doesn t mean he won t pursue it anyway, as he has still been a total asshole towards Muslims, accusing them of being anti-American and terrorists.So Tayyib Rashid took to Twitter, which is Trump s favorite place to whine, and tagged him in a post featuring a photo of the special I.D. badge he already carries.You see, Rashid is a former U.S. Marine who proudly wore the uniform for this country and pledged to defend it with his life. That s something that Trump himself refused to do during the Vietnam war, when he dodged the draft multiple times by using college as an excuse before getting out of serving entirely by getting a medical deferment because of an alleged bone spur in his foot. One year ago today, Rashid said this to Trump.Hey @realDonaldTrump, I m an American Muslim and I already carry a special ID badge. Where s yours?#SemperFi#USMC pic.twitter.com/QSf2O9PTi2  The MuslimMarine (@MuslimMarine) November 19, 2015Today, Rashid is apparently still waiting for Trump to respond.One year ago I asked @realDonaldTrump for his ID -still waiting  like all his supporters ll b waiting for him 2 make America Great again. https://t.co/TyJoszya5F  The MuslimMarine (@MuslimMarine) November 19, 2016Rashid then explained the true meaning of Islam.We are peacemakers. We fight ignorance with education, hatred with love for humanity. We are followers of #TrueIslam. Come join us and see. https://t.co/BNW2C2mVSF  The MuslimMarine (@MuslimMarine) November 19, 2016Donald Trump is a coward who is scapegoating Muslims. A Muslim registry or ban will not defeat terrorism. It will only inflame the Muslim world and help ISIS recruit more fighters to their cause, using America s hate and bigotry as an advertising tool. Trump is giving a gift to ISIS with his discriminatory policies and we must not allow him to do that.Featured Image: Scott Olson/Getty Images",0
3743, WATCH: British Students Laugh At Trump Stooge For Claiming ‘Mexico Will Pay For The Wall’,"Corey Lewandowski was not prepared to be a joke.But that s what happened when he claimed that Mexico will pay for the wall Donald Trump wants to build along the southern border while speaking to a group of students at the University of Oxford in England.For some reason, the administrators of the distinguished university welcomed the Trump stooge while a protest against fascists raged outside on campus.At some point, a female student asked Lewandowski how he can defend Trump despite his bigotry and lies even after he claims to want unity but hires white nationalists to serve in his administration. How do you have so little self-respect that you can stand here and defend a candidate who s not only a bigot but a liar who doesn t have the courtesy to follow through,  she asked.Lewandowski responded by being an asshole and then failed to answer the question by talking about how Mexico is going to pay for the wall. Well, the good news is I m seated doing that, so I don t have to stand, so I appreciate that. But here s what it comes down to: Mexico will pay for the wall, and it s very simple. At that point, all the students in attendance broke out in laughter because they know full well that Mexico isn t going to be paying for a single inch of Trump s wall.Here s the video via YouTube.In fact, it will be Americans who pay for it and Trump has admitted as much.During his Grievance-burg address in Gettysburg last month, Trump mentioned the wall while talking about his plan to end illegal immigration. The End Illegal Immigration act fully funds the construction of a wall on our southern border,  Trump said.  Don t worry about it. Remember I said that Mexico is paying for the wall. However, he then added this remark. With the full understanding that the country of Mexico will be reimbursing the United States for the full cost of such a wall, okay? Here s the video of that via YouTube. The remarks begin at the 32:00 mark.The cost of Trump s wall is estimated to be close to $25 billion which would come out of the pockets of American taxpayers because Donald Trump is a con man who has convinced his dumbass supporters that they are getting free stuff.So, Trump is now humiliating this country by sending his cronies out to other nations to demonstrate just how much of a laughingstock America has become because he won the election.Mission accomplished.Featured image via screenshot",0
3744, Professor Who Predicted Trump’s Election Has Another Prediction Trump Will HATE (VIDEO),"Until November 8, Democrats desperately tried to dismiss the prediction of presidential historian Allan Lichtman, who has accurately predicted every presidential election for the last 30 years. Unfortunately, it turned out polls were wrong and he was completely right.Lichtman has a second part to his prediction, though. While he accurately called the fact that Trump would win the White House, he s now predicting that he will just as quickly lose it through impeachment.While his electoral prediction was based on a scientific system, his latest prediction is not. It s a gut call, but let s call his an educated gut. His main argument is the baggage that Trump is carrying with him to the Oval Office. But it has a few reasons behind it. What you see [with Trump] is what you get: candidates don t fundamentally change. Donald Trump throughout his life has played fast and loose with the law. He was found by the justice department in the seventies to have discriminated against African Americans with his real estate business. This video is a couple of days old, so Lichtman didn t know that Trump would be settling the Trump University fraud case that s been hanging over his head, but that s far from the only scandal. While that alleged victim in the child rape case dropped the charges, Gloria Allred, the alleged victim s attorney, said the story isn t over yet.All of this, though, might just be an excuse to get rid of Trump. Trump is a wildcard and if there s anything Republicans can t stand, it s unpredictable behavior. Republicans love control and they would love to see Mike Pence, the vice president, as president because he is predictable and controllable. Pence is anti-choice and anti-gay. Trump keeps changing his opinions on those issues. That type of moral uncertainty doesn t sit well with the  ber religious Republican Party.Here s the video:Of course, if Trump is impeached, that would leave us with a President Pence. Trust me when I say that s no better.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
3745, Loser Trump Makes Excuses For Settling Trump University Lawsuit And Gets OWNED For It,"Donald Trump is a pathetic loser.Despite repeatedly claiming that he s a  winner  who  never settles  court cases filed against him, Trump settled the lawsuit against Trump University on Friday by agreeing to pay $25 million in restitution to the plaintiffs who were screwed over by his scam school.During the campaign, Trump vowed that he would win the case against him. Clearly, he lied about that, too. But he s already making excuses on Twitter.I settled the Trump University lawsuit for a small fraction of the potential award because as President I have to focus on our country.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2016The ONLY bad thing about winning the Presidency is that I did not have the time to go through a long but winning trial on Trump U. Too bad!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2016Once again, Trump couldn t just let things go. He had to jump on social media to whine and make excuses in a desperate effort to save face among his supporters.But everyone one saw right through Trump and mocked him.@realDonaldTrump award -> fraud*  Sahil Lavingia (@shl) November 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump Your settling the #TrumpUniversity lawsuits means that you committed fraud.  Jeffrey Guterman (@JeffreyGuterman) November 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump So looking forward to how presidentially you gonna handle your sexual harassment cases.  Jan B hmermann (@janboehm) November 19, 2016@EveryTrumpDonor @realDonaldTrump #TrumpFraud $25,000,000 proves guilt. Swindling innocent Americans for Trump gain. Apologize 4 #Fraud  Todd Simmons (@Todd_SimmonsNYC) November 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump A  small fraction  of the potential award?!! In other words, the suit DID have merit and you defrauded good Americans.  Atticus West (@AtticusWest) November 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump but I thought you never settled?  Nate Gilbert (@NateGilbert) November 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump Good luck explaining that to this guy as he really wanted to go to court https://t.co/Y20TlKzpcw  Asa Bennett (@asabenn) November 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump Yeah. You basically admitted to racketeering and fraud but wevs, right Donald?  Emma Kennedy (@EmmaKennedy) November 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump You would have lost which is why you settled. Only losers settle. Which means you re a loser. Sad our president is a loser.  Terrence O Brien (@TerrenceOBrien) November 19, 2016Donald Trump would not have won these cases and he knows it. That s why he really settled. If he were truly focused on governing this country he would stop getting on Twitter to whine and attack those who disagree with him. But Trump only cares about himself and his own image.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3746, WATCH: Don Lemon CRUSHES Trump Supporter For Claiming That Mike Pence Loves Gay People,"Trump mouthpiece Kayleigh McEnany just made the most asinine claim about Mike Pence and got roundly hammered for it on CNN.Unless you ve been hiding in cave over the last decade, you know that Mike Pence is a hateful bigot who thinks gay people are an abomination. He not only tried to legalize discrimination against gay people in Indiana, he supports inhumane conversion therapy and took money away from HIV funding to fund that right-wing bullshit  cure  instead.Angela Rye kicked off the panel discussion about Mike Pence being booed by the audience prior to a performance of  Hamilton  on Broadway. The cast of the play then delivered a thoughtful message to Pence expressing their hope that he learned something.Rye explained that the lead actor is a gay man who is HIV-positive and could not imagine what he felt when the biggest anti-gay bigot in the country walked in to watch the performance.McEnany responded by attacking the  Hollywood elite, the media elite, the political elite  and whined about people calling Trump a racist and homophobe even though Trump is a racist and homophobe.Lemon finally shut her up by getting the discussion back on point, asking her to imagine how gay people feel when Mike Pence discriminates against them. He then pointed out that the  Hamilton  cast was expressing their hope that Pence will treat the LGBT community like human beings. Can you imagine how that feels when Mike Pence, who has rallied and railed against gay people, and tried to shoot down and block gay legislation?  Lemon asked.  He s saying,  I m giving you a chance to give me a chance,  he added in reference to the star of  Hamilton. But then McEnany opened her mouth her spewed a monster lie. Mike Pence loves all people,  she claimed, drawing an emphatic rebuke from Lemon, who is also openly gay. Mike Pence does not love gay people. His record shows that he does not love gay people. Here s the video via YouTube.Make no mistake, Mike Pence is an anti-gay bigot and he will stop at nothing to try and roll back gay rights to the point where they have no rights left. He is hateful and divisive and does not deserve the office he is about to occupy.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3747, Trump Gets His A** Handed To Him By ‘Hamiliton’ Actor For Whining About Pence Getting Booed,"Donald Trump really needs to keep his mouth shut because that s apparently the only way he ll be able to act presidential instead of petty.Prior to a performance of  Hamilton  on Broadway Friday night, the crowd booed as Mike Pence walked into theater. At the end, the cast read a message to Pence telling him that they hope he learned something from seeing the play.But rather than let it go at that, Donald trump lashed out when he heard about the booing and the message.Trump whined that the theater is supposed to be a safe space and demanded that Hamilton  apologize  to Mike Pence for being  rude. Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2016The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2016Trump s temper tantrum was so pathetic that Brandon Victor Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the play, responded.@realDonaldTrump conversation is not harassment sir. And I appreciate @mike_pence for stopping to listen.  Brandon Victor Dixon (@BrandonVDixon) November 19, 2016And other Twitter users piled on.@realDonaldTrump oh no! Someone got their feelings hurt! Want me to hold your hand next time?  Jonathan Redding (@jonathanredding) November 19, 2016@jonathanredding if he s offended by that, it s going to be a long four years for him.  Sergio Tovar (@sergiotovar) November 19, 2016@spannerjaxs @HeyJudeLetitbe1 @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence I ve literally never seen or read of a grown man who whines more than trump.  Bridget Fitzgerald (@BridgettheBrave) November 19, 2016@PhillyD I know I really shouldn t be surprised with this man anymore but wow. If he can t handle that how can he handle when shit gets real  Ashley (@OpTicMiDNiTE) November 19, 2016.@realDonaldTrump Actually what WAS rude was driving a motorcade thru the Lincoln Tunnel during Rush Hour. To get to your golf course.  Jim Roberts (@nycjim) November 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump Wait, I think I m on to something: You think politely and calmly expressing your desired to be treated equally is rude. 1/2  Terrence O Brien (@TerrenceOBrien) November 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump But screeching hate from a stage isn t. You have some sort of mental disease where you see the opposite of reality! 2/2  Terrence O Brien (@TerrenceOBrien) November 19, 2016@realDonaldTrump They read a respectful prepared statement. Grow up.  Erik Anderson (@erianderson) November 19, 2016There s a lot more where those came from, but the bottom line is that Trump spent a year and a half using divisive, hateful, bigoted, and disrespectful rhetoric and now he is whining about Pence being booed. Seriously, Donald Trump is going to be a petty tyrant in the White House and he continues to demonstrate that he doesn t have the temperament and is too thin-skinned to be president.Featured Image: Ethan Miller/Getty Images ",0
3748, Trump Whines That Diverse ‘Hamilton’ Cast And Audience Opposed Bigoted Mike Pence With Insane Twitter Rant,"Donald Trump has a very thin skin. He has demonstrated this repeatedly; after all, he attacked the family of a fallen Muslim-American soldier for daring to criticize his disparaging comments about Muslims, and did the same to a beauty queen who had the guts to reveal how poorly he treated her when she was the reigning Miss Universe. He again did the same to a reporter with a disability by mocking him on national television via a rally, and has attacked countless other people who dared to speak out against him regarding negative experiences they have had by working with or for Trump. His latest target? The cast of the great Broadway musical Hamilton. Now, Trump has taken to Twitter to disparage the cast of the musical for the supposed  harassment  that his vice president-elect Mike Pence received when he decided to go to a showing of Hamilton in super liberal New York City. Pence, who has a long and disturbing record of anti-woman and anti-LGBTQ positions and legislation, was booed at the production, and Brandon Victor Dixon, who plays Aaron Burr in the musical, made an impassioned plea to Pence to have an administration with Trump that includes everyone. Of course, Trump could not let this perceived slight go, so he took to Twitter to disparage the cast, creators, and Dixon s statement to Pence, saying:Our wonderful future V.P. Mike Pence was harassed last night at the theater by the cast of Hamilton, cameras blazing.This should not happen!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2016The Theater must always be a safe and special place.The cast of Hamilton was very rude last night to a very good man, Mike Pence. Apologize!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 19, 2016It s called free speech, pal. You have a vice president-elect who is easily one of the most anti-LGBTQ political figures in the nation showing up at a New York City Broadway musical that has the most diverse cast imaginable, including a star who is openly gay and HIV-positive. What did you expect? Did you want the cast to kiss Pence s ass? Not happening. Pence is getting the same level of respect he has shown the LGBTQ community, which is absolutely none. Make no mistake   you re both getting exactly what you deserve. Get used to it   this will be your reception everywhere you go for the next four years, and it is definitely well deserved.Featured image via Scott Eisen/Getty Images",0
3749, The Cast Of Hamilton Had An EXTRAORDINARY Message For Mike Pence After Their Audience Booed Him (VIDEO),"Donald Trump is now the president-elect, and he has shown no sign that he has any intention of doing as he says in trying to heal the nation s deep divides over issues of race, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, religion, or anything else. Indeed, he has thus far picked clearly bigoted cabinet members that will do anything but heal us. Therefore, when Trump s vice president-elect Mike Pence showed up to see the popular Broadway musical Hamilton, it is no surprise that the audience booed him. Even more humiliating for Pence, though, is the fact that the extremely diverse cast had a very pointed message for him regarding his and Donald Trump s ability to represent ALL Americans, and not just the privileged few who look, worship, and think the way they do.After the performance, one of the stars of the show, Brandon Victor Dixon, who acted as a spokesman for the cast thanked Pence for coming to the show, went on to give an inspiring speech urging Pence to remember the many shades of the American rainbow. Dixon reminded Pence of his responsibility to represent every single person in the nation, and to stand up for the rights of all. The speech was not mean-spirited or vindictive, but it was absolutely what Pence needed to hear. Unfortunately, though, knowing Mike Pence, it all went in one ear and out the other, and simply served to make him even more vindictive and hateful than he already is. Dixon said to Pence: Thank you for joining us at Hamilton: An American Musical. We are the diverse America who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect us, our planet, our children, our parents, or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights. We hope this show has inspired you to uphold our American values, and work on behalf of ALL of us. Thank you. Without further ado, here is the amazing video, captured by a Twitter user who was in attendance at the show:Amazing night. #hamiltonmusical #MikePence pic.twitter.com/hFhFY1DNae  John Bluemke (@JGBluemke) November 19, 2016Of course, the Trump/Pence supporters and transition team will simply brush aside any accusations of bigotry as  professional protesters  causing trouble, but people who value the melting pot of diversity that is America will know that what was said here is exactly what Donald Trump, Mike Pence, and the rest of the Republican Party need to hear and heed.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3750, White Supremacists Are THRILLED About Trump Picking Racist Jeff Sessions For Attorney General,"If Republicans vote to confirm Jeff Sessions as Attorney General, they can never again distance themselves from white nationalism.Because as soon as many prominent white nationalist heard the news that Donald Trump picked Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions as Attorney General, they celebrated and bragged that Sessions will turn the Justice Department into an anti-black institution.KKK Grand Wizard David Duke is very happy about Trump s selection, writing on Twitter that Sessions will end what he calls  institutional race discrimination against whites. Bannon, Flynn, Sessions   Great! Senate must demand that Sessions as AG stop the massive institutional race discrimination against whites!  David Duke (@DrDavidDuke) November 18, 2016Duke also praised the choice on his radio show and giddily expressed his excitement that the  Jewish-dominated  media will hate Sessions.Neo-Nazi website Daily Stormer editor Andrew Anglin also celebrated the pick, remarking that  It s like Christmas,  before bragging about it by calling it a  corrective measure  because President Obama picked African-American attorneys to be Attorney General.Honestly, I didn t even expect this to all come together so beautifully. It s like we re going to get absolutely everything we wanted.Of course, I was thinking of Sessions for either Secretary of State or Defense, but I think Trump is making a point by putting an aggressive anti-Black racist in as AG. It s a corrective measure, after Obama turned the Justice Department into the Black Panthers.White nationalist radio host James Edwards and white nationalist write Brad Griffin also celebrated the picks, with Edwards remarking that Trump s picks are close to who he would have picked while Griffin said it feels like Christmas.Seriously, if you ever needed any more proof that Jeff Sessions being Attorney General is a bad idea, this is it. And there s a reason why these racists love Sessions. It s because Sessions is a racist himself who once praised the KKK and called the NAACP  un-American. Sessions would have the power to fundamentally transform the Justice Department into a racist organization that turns its back on civil rights. Sessions could also direct the department to ignore voting rights and civil rights violations, allowing racists to discriminate at will as if segregation never ended. He would set civil rights back for years to the point where we might as well rename the Justice Department the Injustice Department, because that s exactly what it will be under Sessions.Featured Image: Houston Chronicle",0
3751, Woman Reveals How Head Of Fox News Molested Her For Years (VIDEO),"The parent company for the conservative Fox News forced out the man who created the network, Roger Ailes, over the summer after a sexual harassment scandal grew out of control. Multiple women across multiple decades broke their silence and made allegations about Ailes  behavior. Their complaints gained currency as a pattern emerged over and over with how Ailes treated them. The drumbeat reminded many of the slow train wreck surrounding Bill Cosby and the multiple allegations against him.On ABC News, former Fox News booker Laurie Luhn decided to speak in front of cameras for the first time to discuss what Ailes behaved like, allegedly.Luhn said Ailes told her to strip down to her lingerie and dance for him. Feeling intimidated and worried for her job, she said she did as she was told. He would have me get down on my knees and tell me,  You know what you are, Laurie. You re my whore. You re my sex slave. You re going to do whatever I tell you to do at any time. Do you understand that?  Luhn said.  And he explained that it was like the military, that if he gave an order I was to follow through. Luhn said Ailes then instructed her to perform oral sex and she was too stunned to refuse. I didn t question it,  she said.  And that was his big thing,  Just don t ever question anything I ever ask you to do, Laurie. You understand? Luhn said Ailes kept her in his control for twenty years, employing her at the network while personally using her. Ailes has denied all her allegations, as well as the claims made against him by other women.The most prominent of the women who have made accusations against Ailes is current Fox News host Megyn Kelly, who details her allegations about Ailes  behavior in her new book. Fellow Fox News host Bill O Reilly has slammed Kelly for speaking out during her book tour. O Reilly was one of the male Fox hosts who initially leapt to Ailes  defense.Featured image via screen capture",0
3752, Tonight’s ‘Saturday Night Live’ Is Sure To Make Trump Foam At The Mouth,"After a whole week off, and an emotional tribute from Hillary Clinton s portrayer, Kate McKinnon, Alec Baldwin will return to Saturday Night Live as Donald Trump. Baldwin s portrayal of Trump was one of the larger bright spots in an otherwise infuriating and frustrating election cycle, and now that Trump has won the election, Baldwin s reprisal should be a welcome break from all the hate and fear Trump has unleashed.SNL has actually taken quite a bit of flak for portraying Trump and Hillary as equally bad candidates. That will change now, and who knows how. SNL can be quite unpredictable, and given Trump s, ahem, ascendancy,  Weekend Update s  Colin Jost said: Now it seems easier, in a way, to tell jokes about what Trump s doing specifically because he s in power. If [the candidates] are talking about what they re going to do, it s harder to criticize it than when you start seeing what they re actually doing or not doing. Trump is making white supremacists and other extremists members of his administration right now. He won t like whatever SNL does with him unless Baldwin fawns over him, which is very unlikely. Barring a love fest from the show, Trump will probably downright hate it. He hated it before and tried to convince people that SNL was in on the efforts to rig the election against him:Watched Saturday Night Live hit job on me.Time to retire the boring and unfunny show. Alec Baldwin portrayal stinks. Media rigging election!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 16, 2016Maybe now he ll whine that they re trying to foment a rebellion or insurrection against him.Baldwin didn t play Trump the weekend following the election because he was booked, and because he s got small children at home. SNL takes a huge chunk out of his time that goes well into the following day. That doesn t mean he doesn t enjoy doing it   he just won t be doing it as much, though: I m going to do it again this weekend, but not all that often. There was a lot of things online that was said about it like why didn t I do it after the election?  he told Vanity Fair.  I was booked that weekend. Not even other jobs; we have things to do. But we all loved, you, Alec. You do Trump better than Trump does Trump.If you miss Alec Baldwin s portrayal of Trump, then tune into Saturday Night Live and see what he does. It should be pretty awesome. As a reminder, here s Baldwin s portrayal of Trump during the third presidential debate:[ad3media campaign= 1357 ]Featured image by Jeff J Mitchell via Getty Images",0
3753, Rachel Maddow Goes Off-Script To Offer This Dire Warning About Trump’s National Security Advisor,"Rachel Maddow decided to scrap a segment and go off-script to warn her viewers about Lieutenant General Michael Flynn. Donald Trump has offered Flynn the position of National Security Advisor and the MSNBC host finds this revelation too worrying to put off discussing. At this point in the show, I had something else we were going to cover, but I scrapped it because there s a thing I feel like I need to say about the Mike Flynn security announcement,  Maddow said.Maddow explained that no one, such as Congress, has to approve this appointment in any way. Trump makes the offer and if Flynn accepts, then boom, it s a done deal. She then told America just why it is that this is such concerning news. So, this Mike Flynn thing is done,  Maddow explained.  But the choice of Mike Flynn is a different kettle of fish than anything we might have expected from the Trump campaign. Mike Flynn calls Islam a political ideology hiding behind a religion. He calls Islam a malignant cancer. He really did sit next to President Putin and take money to go to a gala. He s been a frequent guest on Russian state television, and says he sees no difference between Russian state television, and for example, MSNBC. After laying out her list of reasons why Flynn shouldn t be considered for any government position, let alone at the top of national security, Maddow explained to viewers what he will be doing in this position if he accepts it. He will now be the closest person to the president on a day-to-day basis on all foreign policy issues, on all military issues, on all national security issues, and he is way outside anything that anybody on the left, right or center might consider to be the mainstream, either in thought or temperament in terms of national security issues, and it s done,  Maddow said.Maddow laid out Flynn s shady business dealings with Turkey. She also slammed his habit of handing out classified information that he wasn t even supposed to have in the first place, which has happened at least twice. Two former government officials with direct knowledge of the issue tell CNN that while Flynn oversaw intelligence in Afghanistan, he shared classified information with Pakistan on terror networks responsible for killing American troops,  CNN recalled this week when Flynn s name was floated.  The intelligence, the sources say, came from another agency. Flynn wasn t supposed to share it. They say he was trying to convince Pakistan to stop sheltering terrorists. Maddow concluded: I know he s not going to get as much coverage as the other people who have to get confirmed over the next few days but stick a pin in that. It s really, really important. Watch Rachel Maddow issue her dire warning about Lt. Gen. Michael Flynn, here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
3754," Trump Faked Out Fans, Used Machine To Autograph Hats He Sold Them","Donald Trump supporters thought that when they donated to his presidential campaign, they were actually receiving  Make America Great Again  hats, books, and other merchandise actually autographed by their idol. But like so much else with Trump, this was a scam too.These items offered on his website, including signed hats and signed copies of his book  The Art of the Deal,  were heavily advertised on social media and by Trump himself. But what some buyers may not have realized is that it seems Trump didn t actually sign any of the items available for purchase on his website with his own hand. Instead, the autographs all appear to have been done by an autopen machine, a device used to automatically sign a signature.The use of an autopen machine only became evident to some after Trump won the election, when opportunists who had purchased such items off Trump s website took to eBay to re-sell what they believed would be a more valuable John Hancock.On eBay, the Trump Tribe suddenly realized that all the merchandise had been signed in the exact same identical position, impossible if he had been signing them by hand.One fan told ABC News,  You think for $183, you have to be getting the real thing. Had I known, not only would I not have bought this, but I m pretty sure no one would have. Another told the news outlet that he would like to receive a refund after shelling out money for a fake Trump autograph.Trump relies on a world in which people simply accept the snake oil he s selling and don t bother to actually verify what he s saying and compare it to reality. It s a formula that has worked for him for years and years, while he profits and walks away from businesses in collapse. And now he ll be running the country.Featured image via Flickr",0
3755, Elizabeth Warren Issues BLISTERING Takedown Of Trump’s Racist AG Pick,"Donald Trump says he wants to be the president for all Americans, but he has put a literal white supremacist steps from the Oval Office, and is busily surrounding himself with bigots of many stripes. Now, he has picked racist Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions to be his Attorney General. Sessions is a guy who couldn t even get confirmed as a federal judge by the United States Senate in 1986 because he was too racist. Well, progressive firebrand and Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren is having none of it, and is demanding that Trump dump Sessions.Senator Warren issues a blistering statement rebuking both Sessions and Trump, which read: Instead of embracing the bigotry that fueled his campaign rallies, I urge President-elect Trump to reverse his apparent decision to nominate Senator Sessions to be Attorney General of the United States. If he refuses, then it will fall to the Senate to exercise fundamental moral leadership for our nation and all of its people. Thirty years ago, a different Republican Senate rejected Senator Sessions  nomination to a federal judgeship. In doing so, that Senate affirmed that there can be no compromise with racism; no negotiation with hate. Today, a new Republican Senate must decide whether self-interest and political cowardice will prevent them from once again doing what is right. The heart of this statement is what is important; after all, we know that Trump has not the moral character to realize why picking Sessions, white nationalist Steve Bannon, or any of the other appalling people in his inner circle to fill out his administration is such a huge problem. Therefore, it will be up to the Senate to do their jobs and to deny Sessions his confirmation. Unfortunately, Bannon s appointment is all in Trump s hands, so he s in the White House for the long haul. However, Sessions is a different story. Therefore, the Senators who are elected to represent ALL of the people need to do their jobs and reject the bigots Trump is busily nominating.I know that Donald Trump values loyalty above all else   that goes back to the undeniable fact that he has serious authoritarian tendencies. Sessions has been loyal, and this job is his reward. However, one of the most important jobs of the Attorney General is to enforce civil rights laws and to protect minorities. Therefore, Sessions would be an absolute threat to minorities in that role. Senate   no matter your party affiliation   do your jobs and follow in the footsteps of your honorable predecessors, and refuse to confirm Jeff Sessions as the top law enforcement officer of the United States.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
3756, WATCH: Mike Pence Went To See ‘Hamilton’ And Got Booed By The Whole Theatre,"Mike Pence took time off from organizing Trump s transition efforts to catch a musical on Broadway   but if he thought he would have a relaxing evening, he was wrong.As the vice president-elect made his way to his seat Friday night, he was greeted with a loud chorus of boos. As he waved to the crowd, there was a smattering of applause but the majority present made it clear that he was not welcome. Naturally, the internet didn t let him live this down:At #Hamilton. Mike Pence is here and the entire theater just booed him.  Shannon (@TheStagmania) November 19, 2016Mike Pence getting lustily booed at ""Hamilton"" is obviously the endpoint for this goddamn election cycle  Simon Maloy (@SimonMaloy) November 19, 2016Just heard from friend in NY that Mike Pence is seeing Hamilton tonight and was BOOED by the theatre when he walked in  Marc Snetiker (@MarcSnetiker) November 19, 2016Unreal scene here   Mike Pence walks in and there's a massive mix of cheers and boos. pic.twitter.com/GVZ5L67mA3  Noah Coslov (@NoahCoslov) November 19, 2016Pence, I feel ya. If a homophobe who wants to electrocute gays can't go to musical without getting booed, nothing's sacred anymore #Hamilton  Eric John (@EricJohnThe1st) November 19, 2016So apparently Pence was booed when he showed up at Hamilton and uh what did he expect?  Mario (@TomatoGrandpa) November 19, 2016Reminder that the current star of Hamilton is the incomparable Javier Mu oz, an openly gay, openly HIV-positive actor. Pay attention, Pence.  Marc Snetiker (@MarcSnetiker) November 19, 2016Mike Pence got booed at a performance of Hamilton. Weird, it's like gay people don't love raging homophobic bigots. Who'da thunk it?  Charisma Black Hole (@MichaelMcGurran) November 19, 2016The best part of Pence's Hamilton experience being ruined for me is knowing that I, a brown queer, have better seats than he does.  Delete 2016 (@twittysuch) November 19, 2016According to reports, the crowd spent the entire night trolling our future vice president:I'm at #Hamilton and so is Mike Pence. Crowd booed him like crazy, and gave a standing O at the line ""immigrants we get the job done"" 1/2  Christy Colburn (@christymoose) November 19, 20162/2 Crowd went NUTS at King George's lines ""when people say they hate you"" & ""do you know how hard it is to lead?"" He had to stop the song.  Christy Colburn (@christymoose) November 19, 2016During ""You'll Be Back (Reprise)"" they had to keep pausing the song while people jeered Pence on every line. https://t.co/ZSIG7qnfiM  Shannon (@TheStagmania) November 19, 2016Pence, easily one of the worst people to be elected Vice President in our nation s history, can expect tonight to become the norm. With his administration filling its ranks to the brim with white supremacists, Islamophobes, and other assorted bigots and pushing Muslim bans and other terrifying policies, it is a virtual certainty that neither Pence nor Trump will be able to step foot in public without being met with some form of opposition,Watch him get booed below:#Hamilton. Mike Pence Booed #TrumpProtest #NotMyPresident pic.twitter.com/bFqUpksY4h  MOURNING IN AMERICA (@irise4u2c) November 19, 2016Featured image via getty Images/Steve Pope",0
3757, Neil deGrasse Tyson Wants To Do Something Really Uncharacteristic To Trump,"Neil deGrasse Tyson is generally hesitates before weighing in on political matters, but when it comes to anti-science politicians, he has little patience. That was evidenced on Friday morning when Tyson tweeted something fairly uncharacteristic about Donald Trump. When I meet President Trump,  Tyson tweeted,  I may first grab his crotch   to get his attention   then discuss Science with him. When I meet President Trump, I may first grab his crotch   to get his attention   then discuss Science with him.  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 18, 2016Clearly, that s a reference to two things: The fact that Trump was caught on video bragging that women even let him grab their  pussies  because he s famous. The second, and probably most significant to Tyson, is that Trump seems to be anti-science. Tyson s not the only one to share that concern.Scientific researchers across the nation are concerned about the fact that Trump, who s a climate change denier and has expressed doubts about the efficacy of vaccines, will do some serious damage to scientific progress in the coming years. More than anything, scientists are concerned with Trump s stated desire to cut funding to agencies like the National Institute of Health, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Department of Education (which helps train future scientists) and the Department of Energy.While it s doubtful Tyson would actually grab Trump s crotch, it s even more doubtful that our nation s most famous astrophysicist would ever get an audience with the new President Elect. Most of Tyson s followers were all for it, but some, as captured by New Century Times, were not.The tweet has since been removed from Twitter. Instead, Tyson said this:Actually, were I to meet President Trump I d discuss with him what science is and how & why it workshttps://t.co/6bv5IcNkrH  Neil deGrasse Tyson (@neiltyson) November 18, 2016His followers, though, were happy with his first idea:@neiltyson While holding him firmly by the testicles  Stonekettle (@Stonekettle) November 18, 2016@neiltyson yeah, good luck with that. At least the grabbing would ve got his attention. ?  Cathy Diaz   (@CathyofTO) November 18, 2016Featured image via Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images.",0
3758, WATCH: Teacher RIPS Microphone From Young Autistic Student Trying Spread Thanksgiving Cheer,"In what was supposed to be a celebration of Thanksgiving, one little boy named Caleb in West Virginia was just brought to tears when his teacher ripped away his microphone right before he was about to say what he was supposed to say.According to FOX 10 Phoenix: Children in costumes approach the mic one by one to thank the audience and wish them a happy Thanksgiving. When it comes time for Caleb to speak, a woman is seen yanking the mic from its stand. Caleb s mom, Amanda Riddle, said: I left in tears because one teacher Mrs. Linsey I think her name is grabbed the microphone from Caleb and in a mean way. My son is a little different I know this but his heart is so big and he loves everyone. What does it matter if he wanted to say gobble gobble he was the turkey after all. I m sick of kids that are not considered  normal  be treated the way they are. According to the Harrison County Schools Superintendent, Dr. Mark Manchin: It s a mistake that was made. There was no malice. This teacher, as all of our teachers, truly care about these young boys and girls. The program was over, at least as I understand, and the teacher had taken the microphone. However, when looking at the video, it s very clear that the teach wanted to make sure the young child didn t get a chance to say what he wanted to say. Of course, we don t know the full context of what happened, but any way you look at it, it doesn t look good. Young Caleb looked as though he was properly participating in the event, and it s doubtful his mother would ve have been upset if it was to be expected from the teacher.Needless to say, we can t treat children with Autism in this regard. He was dressed up and ready to perform and was stripped of that opportunity, reducing him to tears.Watch here via FOX 10 Phoenix: Caleb s not letting him get it down, though, and is now thanking everyone for their support. He s also finally sending his message of  gobble gobble! :Happy Thanksgiving, Caleb!Featured image via video screen capture",0
3759," Whoopi Goldberg Gets PISSED, Gives Trump The Reality Check We’ve All Been Waiting For (VIDEO)","The appointment of several white supremacists and controversial political figures to Donald Trump s administration has terrified Americans across the country. Two of Trump s latest appointments are Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions as Attorney General and retired Army lieutenant general Michael Flynn for national security adviser, and Whoopi Goldberg wasn t afraid to voice her opinion on why this  pisses her off  on The View.In response to the xenophobic, racist tone Trump s cabinet has taken with its new appointments, Goldberg disagreed with Paula Faris  suggestion that the upcoming meeting between Mitt Romney and Donald Trump symbolized some sort of peaceful agreement between the former rivals. Goldberg told Faris: Goldberg: I m sorry baby, when you see these I m an optimist too. This does not make me optimistic, this pisses me off. Addressing the hate speech that Trump and his team have spewed for over a year now, Goldberg gave a brutal reality check to anyone who said they were trying to put stuff behind  them and accept the fact that we now have a racist dictator coming into the White House who wants to Make America White Again. Goldberg dropped the perfect truthbomb when she said: Black people are not going anywhere, they are not going to be slaves anymore so get that out of your head. Muslims, who were born here as Americans, are not going anywhere. We re not going anywhere, I don t know why you don t get this part. It was perfect, and exactly what Trump and his minions needed to hear. Joy Behar backed Goldberg up and recalled that people are still being harassed in different areas of the country. She said: What kind of country is this now. People better not sit back and just take it because they have all the power in the White House, in the Senate, in the House of Representatives, the FBI is in their pocket. We have to be the loyal opposition in this county. That s what we re here for. You can watch this brilliant segment below:Featured image via Mark Wilson and Monica Schipper / Getty Images",0
3760, Trump Fans Protest Starbucks And Twitter Laughs Hysterically At Their Glaring Mistake (TWEETS),"A movement has apparently been afoot in many Starbucks stores around the country   Trump fans have been putting  Trump  on their cups so that the baristas have to shout the Cheeto King s name. They were angry with the company after CEO Howard Schultz endorsed Hillary for president, which gave birth to a hashtag called #TrumpCup.#TrumpCup blew up when a racist bigot in a Miami store with a long line claimed the staff refused to give him his coffee because he supported Trump. In truth, the line at the store was long, they were backed up, and this delicate, privileged white guy thought he was more important than everyone else   especially the black baristas he no doubt saw as his servants. He claimed he was having a bad day, and then did an about-face and claimed racial discrimination because he s white. Poor boopsie.Because of that, Trumpkins began widespread protests against the  anti-white discrimination  at Starbucks by buying more Starbucks.There s a very special irony here. They re punishing Starbucks by giving the company their money. Well, they actually probably think they re punishing individual baristas and store managers especially those who are minorities because they have the audacity to be minorities working for a company that endorsed Hillary Clinton, and so is obviously prejudiced against whites.Either way, they re more or less saying that Starbucks must die, because reasons, and making them richer instead. They just don t seem to get that protesting a business means you don t spend your money there. The goal is to put such a dent in their sales that they have no choice but to change something. This absurd mistake has been pointed out multiple times on Twitter:I don t think Trumpkins have thought this whole #TrumpCup throughIf you have to buy a product from the place you re boycotting #FAIL  CaptainsLog2016 (@CaptainsLog2016) November 18, 2016 Our #TrumpCup boycott was a success. Now what?   We protest gay marriage by blowing guys at a truck stop glory hole all day?   Brilliant!  Matt Oswalt (@MattOswaltVA) November 18, 2016protesting starbucks by buying starbucks products and making the baristas write  trump  is not a protest. you #trumpcup people are wack  Alexa Losey (@alexalosey) November 18, 2016Trump Supporters Are Protesting Starbucks By Buying More Starbucks #TrumpCup : https://t.co/hzvUQtpPH4 pic.twitter.com/KG2o2ff45f  Affinity Magazine (@TheAffinityMag) November 18, 2016So let me get this straight, you re going to protest against a company by giving them money? #TrumpCup  Da5n (@tarzdan_) November 18, 2016Trump supporters: WE ARE GOING TO BOYCOTT & TAKE A STAND AGAINST STARBUCKS!Reality: *continues making Starbucks richer*#TrumpCup pic.twitter.com/EQJhbTinHC  Chihiro Ogino (@WickedBeaute) November 18, 2016Trump supporters are protesting Starbucks CEO for supporting Hillary by buying his over priced coffee  sounds like his voters. #TrumpCup  Leslie Hiatt (@dlesmore) November 18, 2016Hey Trumpsters I love your brilliant idea to protest Starbucks by buying coffee there! Boy, that ll sure show them! ??? #TrumpCup  Matthew Chapman (@fawfulfan) November 18, 2016Perhaps this can be filed under,  Trump fans are too dumb to know they re dumb.  It really takes a special kind of dumb, though, to not know that trying to protest a company buy buying their product is jut about the most oblivious thing out there.Good luck with your protest, guys. Starbucks is probably guffawing over how effective it isn t.Featured image via screen capture from embedded tweet",0
3761," Trump Considering David Petraeus, Who Leaked Highly Classified Info, As Secretary Of Defense","If Donald Trump picked retired General David Petraeus as the next Secretary of State or Secretary of Defense, it would be his worst hypocrisy to date.For months, Trump attacked Hillary Clinton relentlessly for keeping a private email server as Secretary of States, accusing her of exposing classified information even though the FBI cleared her of any such wrongdoing.You know who the FBI didn t clear of such wrongdoing? David Petraeus.And that s why Trump would be a hypocrite if he actually offered him either significant government posts. But he is doing exactly that.Back in 2012, Petraeus infamously resigned as Director of the CIA after it was revealed that he had been engaged in an affair with his biographer Paula Broadwell, whom he gave access to eight  Black Books  filled with highly classified information, which included  the identities of covert officers, war strategy, intelligence capabilities and mechanisms, diplomatic discussions,  and discussions he had with President Obama.It was such a terrible breach in national security that the Justice Department wanted to prosecute him for committing a felony, and would have if Petraeus had not agreed to a plea deal in 2015.So while Hillary Clinton was doing nothing different from what other Secretaries of State have done, it s pretty clear that what Petraeus did makes him the real threat to national security.And it s unclear if he could even get the security clearance necessary for a Secretary of State or Defense to have in order to do the job. After all, Trump said of Clinton in September that,  If she applied for a low-level job at the State Department today she couldn t even get a security clearance. Obviously, Trump could always pull strings and we already know that Republicans in Congress are hypocrites who can be easily bought. But picking Petraeus for either one of these top jobs would demonstrate that he is a hypocrite who doesn t give a damn about national security and that he has a double standard.By picking Petraeus, Trump would also be admitting once again that he lied to his supporters. Trump has been stringing them along for months getting them to chant  Lock her up  every time he calls Hillary Clinton a criminal. But if anybody should be locked up, it s Petraeus. He literally shared highly classified information that could have put people and the country at risk. But Trump is considering him anyway and that is infuriating.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
3762, Donald Trump Openly ADMITS To America He Has No Principles; Raging Liar (TWEETS),"Admitting to the United States something most of the population already knew considering the popular vote went to Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump just proved to the nation that he has no principles.He told all of us back in February that he would never settle the Trump University lawsuits. He would never do so  out of principle! Trump University has a 98% approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of principle!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 29, 2016But, uh oh! Look what just happened!JUST IN: Trump has agreed to settle all 3 Trump University cases for $25 million, source says. https://t.co/KcO1gb9Ef3   @AaronKatersky pic.twitter.com/ZnWLFbMcDn  ABC News (@ABC) November 18, 2016According to ABC News: Attorneys for President-elect Donald Trump have settled all three fraud civil lawsuits against the now-defunct Trump University for $25 million and no admission of wrongdoing, according to attorneys on both sides. But you know, you always fork out $25 million when you re completely innocent, right? C mon now. He probably settled so there wouldn t be the optics of a president-elect likely being found guilty just before his inauguration. Settling it makes it go away. It also proves Trump to, yet again, be a raging liar, because he did end up settling after all.In fact, Trump s lead attorney Daniel Petrocelli said: We can all put the history behind us and move forward. That is certainly the view of President-elect Trump who looks forward to tackling the problems of our country. With the Trump organization saying they know he would have won but now Trump can focus on the nation.Oh, what a stand-up guy. Just throwing away $25 million for the good of the nation. Yeah. That s it. Sure.Needless to say, a fraud case going into the presidency would not have looked good and now the president-elect can put it behind him, albeit now with no principles. At least that s what Trump said of himself if he settled, which he did, so there you have it.Featured Photo by Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
3763, Van Jones Just Gave The Most Hilariously PERFECT Description Of His Trump-Supporting Friend Jeffrey Lord,"If you watched CNN during this highly contentious election cycle, you likely saw Democrat Van Jones go toe-to-toe with Jeffrey Lord, who is an ardent Trump supporter. The two agree on next to nothing, but there is one thing folks likely don t really know about the on-air rivals: They re actually really good friends. Jones had this to say about why he is friends with Lord, when it is quite obvious that they are polar opposites on everything: How can you not like Jeffrey? He s adorable. He s like a Fraggle. If a Fraggle had a tendency towards terrible revisionist history. Sure, I could see that. Lord doesn t seem like a mean-spirited person. He s just terribly misinformed, especially when it comes to issues of racism, sexism, and other forms of bigotry that constantly plague America. That s obviously a problem; after all, it s this very ignorance that got the likes of Donald Trump elected president. However, that doesn t mean that he s necessarily a bad person. Lord had similar sentiments when asked how he felt about what Jones had to say about him: Which is exactly how I feel about him. I think Van s a terrific person and a great friend. We just disagree on everything, and God bless America. Van Jones and Jeffrey Lord are actually a good example of two people who could be role models for the rest of our incredibly divided nation. With the advances of technology, all you have to do is block people who you find to be intolerable, and you never get to hear the other side. Now, make no mistake   there are PLENTY of Trump supporters who belong in Hillary s basket of deplorables. They are racist, sexist, Islamophobic, homophobic, transphobic, xenophobic bigots whose views have absolutely no place in a diverse melting pot like the United States of America. However, the friendship between these two men should remind us all not to paint with a broad brush. Not all Hillary supporters brushed aside or refused to see her weaknesses as a candidate, and not all Trump supporters are flaming bigots. Perhaps Jeffrey Lord and Van Jones can help heal the hate and divisions, simply by being themselves.Featured image via video screen capture from YouTube",0
3764, Trump’s Chief Strategist Steve Bannon Compares Himself To Darth Vader And Satan,"When Donald Trump named Steve Bannon as his chief policy strategist, millions of Americans expressed outrage and fear because of Bannon s ties to white nationalists, who have been cheering about his appointment ever since it was announced.But now Bannon is giving Americans even more reason to be scared.During an interview with The Hollywood Reporter, Bannon claimed that  darkness is good  and compared himself to Satan, Darth Vader and Dick Cheny. Darkness is good,  Bannon said.  Dick Cheney. Darth Vader. Satan. That s power. Satan is the evil ruler of Hell according to Christians, so Christians should probably start wondering if they put the anti-Christ in the White House.Darth Vader is a particularly bad choice to compare oneself to considering how much the Nazis influenced the themes and designs of Star Wars, including Vader s helmet, the Stormtroopers, and how democracy was turned over to a tyrant with applause.So it s definitely an eerie comparison that may be serving as a shout-out to neo-Nazis.And Dick Cheney is a war criminal who signed off on torture and lied us into two wars that cost thousands of American lives and trillions of dollars.Bannon claimed that he  isn t a white nationalist  but said that Trump s tenure in office will  be as exciting as the 1930s.  You know, that decade when the Great Depression raged and fascism rose to power in Europe which led to the most horrifying and destructive war in all of history? Yeah, that 1930s.And as if Bannon couldn t possibly say anything worse, he went on to say that he is the Thomas Cromwell of the Trump administration. I am Thomas Cromwell in the court of the Tudors,  he said.Thomas Cromwell was the chief minister to King Henry VIII, a despotic ruler of England who executed two of his wives.Seriously, Bannon is not doing Trump a service with these comparisons. If anything, he just gave more reasons for people to call for his ouster. Why would anyone want to unite behind someone who has one of these evil people or characters as their chief adviser? Steve Bannon clearly is someone only white supremacists can love.Featured Image: Kirk Irwin/Getty Images",0
3765," Trump’s Pick To Head CIA Is A Tea Party Loon Who Supports Torture, Wants Conflict With Iran","What could possibly go wrong?Rep. Mike Pompeo is a right-wing extremist who has no problem violating human and civil rights.But Donald Trump just picked the Kansas Republican to be the next director of the CIA, which should deeply disturb every American.In fact, it should worry everyone around the world because the Tea Party is now in charge of America s top intelligence agency. I am honored to have been given this opportunity to serve and to work alongside President-elect Donald J. Trump to keep America safe,  Pompeo said in a statement.  I also look forward to working with America s intelligence warriors, who do so much to protect Americans each and every day. But Pompeo isn t a reasonable man who will guide the CIA to success. He s going to lead them down a path that will erode the rights of American citizens and inflame the Muslim world.First, Pompeo supports the massive wire-tapping and information collecting being performed by the National Security Agency. I am convinced that intelligence collection actions are not only lawful and constitutional, but also consistent with the critical mission of defeating radical Islamic terrorism,  Pompeo has said.Of course, these  collection actions  are totally unconstitutional because the NSA doesn t have warrants to spy on millions of Americans every day via phone, Internet, and surveillance.Second, Pompeo hates Iran and opposed the nuclear deal achieved by President Obama that has reduced Iran s capability to build nuclear weapons. If Pompeo had his way, the whole deal would be ripped up, which would give Iran another reason to hate us and resume their quest to obtain a nuclear weapon.And finally, Pompeo is a big fan of using torture against enemy combatants even though it s a crime against humanity that is banned under United States and international law. The information we learned from the enhanced interrogation program was important, and led directly to the capture of Osama bin Laden,  Pompeo claimed in 2014. But that s a lie. Torture did not help us find Osama bin Laden.According to Mother Jones,CIA records indicate that: (1) the CIA had extensive reporting on [bin Laden courier] Abu Ahmad al-Kuwaiti (variant Abu Ahmed al-Kuwaiti), the UBL facilitator whose identification and tracking led to the identification of UBL s compound and the operation that resulted in UBL s death, prior to and independent of information from CIA detainees; (2) the most accurate information on Abu Ahmad al-Kuwaiti obtained from a CIA detainee was provided by a CIA detainee who had not yet been subjected to the CIA s enhanced interrogation techniques; and (3) CIA detainees who were subjected to the CIA s enhanced interrogation techniques withheld and fabricated information about Abu Ahmad al-Kuwaiti.In short, torture had nothing to do with finding bin Laden.If Pompeo and Trump authorize the CIA to use torture again it will only inflame the Middle East and give ISIS a recruiting message that will draw more fighters to their group. We want to weaken ISIS, not make them stronger. Using torture will only weaken our moral high ground and cause more terrorist attacks around the world and in the United States. Now more than ever we need a responsible CIA director who will gather intelligence the right way. Because if not, we could end up being led into more wars and a darker more dangerous world.Featured Image: Flickr",0
3766, WATCH: Morning Joe Tells Trump To Stop Appointing Crazy People If He Doesn’t Want A National Meltdown,"The more unsavory people Donald Trump appoints, the angrier Americans will get.If Trump truly wanted unity in the country he would not have appointed racists like Steve Bannon and Jeff Sessions to positions in his administration.Sessions, who once called the NAACP  un-American  while expressing his fondness of the KKK, is Trump s pick to be the Attorney General, who leads the Justice Department.Bannon s ties to white nationalists is also concerning since he is now Trump s chief policy strategist.And former General Michael Flynn and admirer of Vladimir Putin is now Trump s national security adviser.Clearly, Trump is placing insane right-wing extremists in high government positions, which is only scaring millions of Americans even more.And even Joe Scarborough is getting concerned that if Trump doesn t stop putting crazy people in positions of power that he s going to cause the country to have a  full blown meltdown. If you re going to get a couple loyalists that have said some crackpot things in the past, you better have some steady hands at State, at Defense, and at Treasury or this goes into a full blown meltdown,  Scarborough said during Friday s edition of Morning Joe before adding that Trump better  listen to them,  too.Here s the video via YouTube. Scarborough s comments is at the 6:30 mark.Indeed, and seeing as how Trump is meeting with Mitt Romney to discuss the Secretary of State position, it sounds like Trump may finally be ready to appoint a sane person to a key position. Romney may be a flip-flopper but he s way more moderate than Trump or anyone else on his team and won t say or do things that pisses off the world.Also, as the Morning Joe panel pointed out, Romney would be a voice of reason in an administration that is full of unreasonable people thus far.The only question is whether Trump would actually listen to anything Romney has to say or will he just ignore Romney in favor of the extremists around him?Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3767, Trump Chooses Racist Anti-Gay Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions For Attorney General,"Donald Trump just selected a racist homophobe as the nation s leading law enforcement officer.Alabama Senator Jeff Sessions is a lifetime bigot who viciously joined his Republican colleagues in opposing President Obama at every turn. So naturally, he supported Trump s campaign and become one of his top cheerleaders who didn t care if Trump committed sexual assault or discriminated against black people.Now Sessions is reportedly Trump s top pick for Attorney General, which would likely set back civil rights for years to come. Oh, and Sessions is just fine with the KKK.According to the New York Times,While serving as a United States prosecutor in Alabama, Mr. Sessions was nominated in 1986 by President Ronald Reagan for a federal judgeship. But his nomination was rejected by the Republican-controlled Senate Judiciary Committee because of racially charged comments and actions. At that time, he was one of two judicial nominees whose selections were halted by the panel in nearly 50 years.In testimony before the committee, former colleagues said that Mr. Sessions had referred to the N.A.A.C.P., the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and other civil rights groups as  un-American  and  Communist-inspired.  An African-American federal prosecutor then, Thomas H. Figures, said Mr. Sessions had referred to him as  boy  and testified that Mr. Sessions said the Ku Klux Klan was fine  until I found out they smoked pot.  Mr. Sessions dismissed that remark as a joke.Mr. Sessions was also accused of speaking disparagingly of the Voting Rights Act and the stringent oversight it placed on Southern states.So we can expect Sessions to ignore civil rights laws as Attorney General since he will likely direct the Justice Department to turn a blind eye towards civil rights violations across the country, thus giving racists the opportunity to treat minorities however they please. It s going to be a racist free-for-all.It also likely he will refuse to stand in the way of Republican efforts to suppress minority voters while fighting anti-discrimination laws tooth and nail.Make no mistake, Trump s Justice Department is going to be full of racists and Sessions will be the top racist in charge.Featured image via Wikimedia",0
3768, Trump Admits He Lied About Ford Moving Auto Jobs To Mexico,"Remember when Donald Trump claimed that Ford was moving jobs and production to Mexico? Well, we all knew he was lying then, but he s admitting it now by bragging about it.In September, Trump accused the American car manufacturer of intending to take jobs from workers in Kentucky and take them to Mexico.But that was blatantly false because of a labor contract between the company and the worker s union, and Ford was quick to call out Trump for lying.As it turns out, Ford is only moving production of certain vehicles to Mexico but keeping the same workforce in the United States busy producing other vehicles. And Kentucky was never going to lose production of the Lincoln MKC SUV, even if Trump had never entered the presidential race at all.Well, Trump decided to take credit for something that wasn t going to happen anyway by bragging on Twitter that he single-handedly stopped Ford from moving the Kentucky plant to Mexico.Just got a call from my friend Bill Ford, Chairman of Ford, who advised me that he will be keeping the Lincoln plant in Kentucky   no Mexico  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 18, 2016I worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the Lincoln plant in Kentucky. I owed it to the great State of Kentucky for their confidence in me!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 18, 2016Let s make something clear. Trump doesn t get credit for stopping something that was not going to happen anyway. He is not the great savior of auto workers in Kentucky. That credit should go to the labor union responsible for negotiating the contract that prevented Ford from moving the plant out of Kentucky in the first place.But by bragging about it anyway, Trump basically just admitted that he lied when he claimed Ford was moving the factory to Mexico. He flat-out lied, and now he is pretending that he achieved some great victory.It s quite pathetic.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3769, ‘Good Guy With A Gun’ Accidentally Shoots Woman He Was ‘Saving’ Five Times (VIDEO),"You know how the NRA constantly tells us that their army of  good guys with guns  are ready to swoop in at the first sign of danger to save those in distress? Well, as an incident from Hollis, Maine, shows us, sometimes it may be better if they just don t.30-year-old Joshua Weldon had good intentions when he saw a woman s boyfriend assaulting her and made the decision to step in and stop it. According to police, 32-year-old Andria Richardson was being attacked by her boyfriend, 30-year-old Ryan Gilliken, on Wednesday when Weldon drew a firearm in an attempt to defend the woman. Unfortunately, his bravado did not work out well for anyone but the assailant.Weldon fired his weapon multiple times, hitting Richardson in the stomach twice and the leg three times. Richardson is recovering from her wounds, but family members say she is lucky. Notably, neither the attacker nor the  savior were injured by the gunfire.Last year, another  good guy with a gun  made headlines when he tried to help a carjacking victim by shooting the people stealing her car. He missed the criminals, but shot the victim in the head.It s nice to think of people with a firearm as heroes who will be there to save us when things go bad   but the thing is that the average gun owner is not trained or conditioned to handle, say, close-range combat against an unarmed attacker (with a victim nearby), without causing some form of  collateral damage.  In this case, our hero almost killed the person he was trying to save.Gilliken has been charged with domestic violence assault, a Class C felony. Weldon has not been charged with a single crime.Watch a report on the shooting below:Featured image via screengrab",0
3770, Democrats Still Have A Chance To Yank The Senate Out From Under The GOP – Here’s How,"The Democrats weren t able to outright win the Senate back from the GOP, but the GOP s majority isn t exactly huge or secure. And there s still a Senate race in Louisiana that has gone to a runoff, to be held on Dec. 10. John Kennedy and Foster Campbell are both up for that particular seat, and should it go to Campbell, the Democrat, it would close that margin even more.Think it can t happen because Louisiana is a deep-red state? They elected a Democratic governor just last year after Republican Governor Bobby Jindal ran them into the ground. Also, their runoffs, despite deciding who actually wins an election, have pretty low turnout. If people in the state are unhappy enough with Trump and with the GOP, those people could turn out for the runoff and swing it to Campbell s side easily.Okay, so that s just one seat and Republicans would still control the Senate with a 51-46 margin. There are two independents Senators Bernie Sanders and Angus King who both tend to vote with the Democrats, so 51-48, with one uncalled race. Should Campbell win, that s effectively a 51-49 margin.We can math, and so can you, so we all know 49 is less than 51. To achieve a majority, someone else has to switch sides. Oddly enough, that isn t exactly impossible, either. Senator John McCain has already made it clear he s not going to play ball with everything Trump wants to do. In fact, McCain is more than a little annoyed over Trump s bromance with Vladimir Putin. To McCain, Putin is a dictatorial tyrant to whom we absolutely should not cozy up:That could mean bucking his own party to the point where he just switches sides.Evidently, Rand Paul and Susan Collins may be ripe for flipping, too, and if even one of them does, along with McCain, then voila! Democrats effectively control the Senate again!However, it s pretty far-fetched. Campbell could easily win the Louisiana seat but getting Republican Senators to change sides, and either vote pretty much entirely Democratic or actually become Democrats, is considerably harder in today s partisan environment. That means hoping and praying the GOP Senators who are all  principled  right now stay principled enough to thwart their party and Donald Trump if and when it comes to that.In short, don t hold your breath. But don t give up hope, either. We didn t think Trump could win, and he did, and there are a lot of Republicans and conservatives who are just as unhappy with that as we are. Since the next four years started off with the nearly impossible, then hoping for more  impossibilities  may not be in vain.If you would like to help Campbell win his runoff election and give the Democrats another seat in the Senate, you can donate to his campaign here. You can also read all about him and what he stands for here.Featured image by Alex Wong via Getty Images",0
3771, Trump To Give HUGE F**K You To States Hillary Won By Taking A Literal Ego Trip,"One of the things that Trump wants to do over the next four years is continue to hold huge rallies for the purpose of stroking his ego. Apparently, that s already getting underway. He s planning to take a  victory lap  around the states he won sometime in the next several weeks, rather than working closely with his transition team to make sure as much is in place as possible before Inauguration Day.This will be a 30-state tour if he plans on visiting every state that voted for him. Since the trip seems to be mostly for the purpose of visiting the states he won, it s hard not to see this as a giant middle finger to the states he lost, even though there are a number of voters in rural areas of blue states like Illinois who voted for him.It doesn t really jibe with his ongoing assertions that he will work every day for ALL Americans (shouldn t he be impossibly eager to get to down to business?). In fact, it doesn t jibe with the idea that he ll do any work at all.The glow of winning a presidential election already seems to be wearing off   he has to continually find ways of feeling superior and getting the instant gratification that these huge, cheering crowds give him. And really, who wants to spend day after day in boring meetings with transitional staffers, members of Congress, security teams, the current President, and more when he can just be  gone  all the time, stroking his ego? While some have spun his need for large rallies full of adoring fans as rubbing shoulders with the everyday American, it just doesn t seem like that s what Trump really wants to do.He has an ego the size of Russia. It s not easy to quiet that, and his staff would rather kowtow to him than try and actually mold him into a real statesman. He publicly admits that his life is going to change drastically, but what he s pushing his advisers and planners to do shows he s going to try and hold onto his old life as much as possible.Will he hold rallies in states he didn t carry? Who knows. He ll promise to, because to do otherwise would be to confirm that some people don t matter, even if they voted for him. Will he actually do it, though? It might actually depend on whether he thinks he can get the huge crowds he wants, which is totally what being president is all about.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3772, Social Media Rips Republicans A New One For All-White Selfie Touting ‘Unity’,"This is what Republicans mean when they use words like  unity. In what looks like an image advertising their whiteness to impress their supporters in the alt-right, House Republicans posed for a selfie with Mike Pence and, of course, there wasn t a single brown or black face in the crowd.UNIFIED. pic.twitter.com/QqXrIClMtX  House Republicans (@HouseGOP) November 17, 2016Yeah, white supremacists will love it.Social media, however, was NOT impressed at all and proceeded to mercilessly mock the monumentally racist picture by comparing it to other images.@HouseGOP What is diversity? Who are millennials?  Euna Park (@eunapark) November 17, 2016um @HouseGOP @mike_pence pic.twitter.com/uRhC4O3byQ  Jenna Mullins (@JBomb11) November 17, 2016@HouseGOP @mike_pence @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader with price included. pic.twitter.com/tgBP496IqV  Chaco (@Chaco_Chicken) November 17, 2016@HouseGOP @mike_pence @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader You guys really need a little more diversity in your party. Not one person of color, really?  Chewy Smith (@Chewcipher) November 17, 2016@Chewcipher @HouseGOP @mike_pence @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader this is how they want it to be.  nightnurse40 (@nightnurse38) November 17, 2016@HouseGOP had to cram all the women up front to make it look like diversity, huh?  Queen ofthe Universe (@QofTU) November 17, 2016Whoa, @HouseGOP pic.twitter.com/bSLOb7X35R  Alejandro A. Arbona (@Alejandrobot) November 17, 2016@housegop Let me fix the contrast in that photo a little bit pic.twitter.com/OL5tnSjwny  Liem Bahneman (@Liembo) November 17, 2016@housegop UNIFIED pic.twitter.com/0E0QhiIOVZ  Mazel Tov Cocktail (@SpazP) November 17, 2016@HouseGOP  Ok, everyone, on 3, say  white is right    oops, I mean,  cheese!'  Bliss (@BNick) November 17, 2016.@HouseGOP pic.twitter.com/yJaA4ZTunN  The End of an Error (@bathroompolice) November 17, 2016@HouseGOP pic.twitter.com/AySBNt3Bwk  ? (@md_dc) November 17, 2016Mike Pence and the @HouseGOP posed for the final picture in The Shining, reinforcing the feeling that we re living in a Stephen King novel. pic.twitter.com/0bOB6If6RL  Nick Jack Pappas (@Pappiness) November 17, 2016@HouseGOP  UNIFIED  pic.twitter.com/U9XuJjKtUO  Jo (@kindlejo_jo) November 17, 2016.@HouseGOP @mike_pence @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader and none of you have denouncned white supremacist Bannon yet so  unified with hate , right?  Scott Springer (@scott_springer) November 17, 2016This Snapchat  white & white  filter is a scream. pic.twitter.com/fiN3ofYKWf  Kevin O Leary (@kevincarroleary) November 17, 2016Featured Image: Twitter",0
3773, Lewandowski Admits It: FBI Comey’s Letter Won Trump The Election,"Donald Trump was right about one thing. The election was  rigged  and in more ways than one. From WackyLeaks interfering to hackers to exit polling contradicting election results to voter suppression to FBI director James Comey s bizarre and vague letter he sent to Congress just 11 days before voters cast their ballots.Trump s former presidential campaign manager admitted late Wednesday that the president-elect won the keys to the White House because the FBI renewed its examination of Hillary Clinton s private email server, according to The Hill. With eleven days to go, something amazing happened,  Corey Lewandowski said, The Telegraph reports. The FBI s director James [Comey] came out on a Friday and he said they may be reopening the investigation into  Crooked Hillary s  emails,  he said. What that did was remind people that there are two different rules in Washington   those of the elites and the privileged, and those for everybody else,  he continued. When Comey moved forward with that investigation  it allowed the campaign a little spring in their step, and for them to redouble their efforts,  he said. In those last last eleven days Mr Trump was exceptionally disciplined. He used a teleprompter  he said, without one bit of irony. Trump blasted others for using a teleprompter then used one  himself. And then, Donald Trump won the election campaign by the largest majority since Ronald Reagan in 1984,  Lewandowski added without noting that Hillary Clinton s lead in the popular vote could reach more than 2 million votes.After Comey sent Congress the letter, he took until two days before Election Day to say his bureau would not change its earlier conclusion. In other words, Comey s assertion that something  pertinent  might be in Anthony Weiner s emails was a big fat lie. Comey did that to interfere with our country s election process. The FBI director was blasted by Democrats and some Republicans as well. It was a stunningly obvious tactic to put Donald Trump into power.Corey Lewandowski is expected to be offered a key position in the Trump administration.Yes, the election was  rigged. Photo by Drew Angerer via Getty.",0
3774, Trump Supporter Caught In Racist Meltdown While Waiting For Coffee (VIDEO),"It s been more than a week since the election of Donald Trump and his supporters have been teaching us a big lesson   namely that they re really bad winners and that their sense of entitlement to nearly everything just escalated because their orange candidate won a few more swing states.At a Starbucks near the University of Miami, a man who thought his coffee was taking just a little too long went on a racist rant that shows exactly the type of attitude of entitlement that Trump supporters are sporting now. Fortunately, it was all caught on video by another Starbucks customer, Jorge de C rdenas.The Starbucks was crowded, as many are at any given point during any given day. The white Trump (complete with Trump-like hair and a tall, leggy blonde companion who would surely win the approval of the President Elect) voter, though, thought he deserved to get his coffee faster than the others, and if he didn t, it had to be because Starbucks employees, some of whom happen to have dark skin, hate white people.The man was, by his standards, anyway, waiting too long in line, so he started screaming  Trump!  at an African-American employee. Then he claimed that there was  anti-white discrimination  and that s why he was waiting.He said it was  anti-white discrimination,'  C rdenas says,  so he started disparaging the staff. One patron called him an asshole, so he said,  Fuck you, bitch.  That s when I started filming. C rdenas whipped out his phone to take a video just as the man called the black employee  trash,  demanded his money back, and started shouting,  I voted for Trump! Trump! You lost, now give me my money back,  at the staff:Here s the video:#trump supporter in #miami @Starbucks attacks & threatens patrons & staff bc coffee took too long, blames anti-white  discrimination  pic.twitter.com/HRj9EahrMy  jorge de c rdenas (@Jbdcl) November 16, 2016If you think this is an isolated incident, just Google  Trump supporter and you will find dozens of examples of the so-called winners behaving very badly toward People of Color, toward LGBT people, toward Jewish people and toward Muslims. Trump, unfortunately, has uncovered the ugly underbelly of angry white people. They aren t angry because they are economic victims. They are angry because they are white and increasingly, their neighbors aren t.Featured images via video screen capture. ",0
3775, WATCH: Teacher Busted Calling Black Student A ‘Punk-Ass N*****’ Who’s ‘Going To Get Shot’ (VIDEO),"A teacher in Maryland is apparently gunning for a chance to be Donald Trump s pick for Secretary of Education. On Wednesday, the parent of a student at Harlem Park Elementary School in Baltimore posted a chilling video showing her son s instructor throwing a racist tantrum in the middle of class.After the woman s son misbehaved in class   something that is common among children of all races   the pasty white teacher decided that the boy and his African-American classmates were acting like a bunch of  n*ggers. the teacher can be seen putting her hands on the woman s son as she ejects him from class   but it s what happened after that that has people up in arms. After the student leaves the room, the teacher does not stop screaming. As the she began to melt down, the students in the class started to laugh. This, of course did not go over well with their teacher, who informed them that they are  all getting zeroes for doing nothing.  Then she dropped the n-bomb: You re idiots. Do you wanna be a punk-ass n*gger who s going to get shot? You re stupid! Learn something, be a man. The student who filmed the altercation ended the video at that point, but the classroom seems to have dissolved into chaos.Donald Trump s kinda-sorta election has done nothing but embolden racists like this. Recently, a teacher made headlines for telling Hispanic students Trump would deport them. Another informed black students they would be sent  back to Africa. We can not let this become the new normal. Unfortunately, we have a man who appoints white nationalists to high-level positions assuming office in January. It s up to us to do something about this   because you can bet he and his administration won t. Watch it happen below:Featured image via screengrab",0
3776, Republican Seeks To Charge Protesters As Terrorists With New Law Targeting Anti-Trump Movement,"Republicans are stooping to a new low when it comes to their disdain for civil disobedience and the Bill of Rights.As anti-Trump protests continue across the nation over a week after the election, a Republican lawmaker in Washington state is drafting a proposed law that would label the protesters as  terrorists  and give law enforcement and prosecutors the ability to charge them with  economic terrorism. According to Fox Q13, the law  would allow felony prosecution of protesters who block streets, cause property damage, threaten jobs and put public safety at risk. State Senator Doug Ericksen, who proposed the legislation, insists that he  respects  the right to protest,  but when it endangers people s lives and property, it goes too far. Fear, intimidation and vandalism are not a legitimate form of political expression,  he continued.  Those who employ it must be called to account. Breaking the law would be considered a felony and would apply to any protester who is accused of trying to  intimidate or coerce private citizens or the government by obstructing economic activity  and  those who fund, organize, sponsor or otherwise encourage others to commit acts of economic terrorism. Accomplices may be required to pay restitution up to triple the amount of economic damage. We are not just going after the people who commit these acts of terrorism,  Ericksen said.  We are going after the people who fund them. Wealthy donors should not feel safe in disrupting middle class jobs. In other words, Republicans are literally trying to classify acts of civil disobedience as  terrorism  in order to ruthlessly put down the mass protests against their fascist leader.Of course, if Hillary Clinton had won the election, Republicans would not being saying the same thing about right-wing protests, even if those protests included acts of bloody violence that Trump supporters threatened to use if Trump had lost. Somehow, they believe rebellion and armed government coups are patriotic, but they consider civil disobedience an act of terrorism.As Doug Honig of the Washington ACLU explained, if this kind of law had been in place during the protests against segregation, every black person who sat down at a  white s only  lunch counter to protest discrimination would have been charged with committing terrorism. That s the kind of excessive approach to peaceful protest that our country and state do not need,  Honig explained.  Let s keep in mind that civil rights protesters who sat down at lunch counters could be seen as  disrupting business  and  obstructing economic activity,  and their courageous actions were opposed by segregationists as trying to  coerce business and government. So this is the latest strategy Republicans are looking to employ to silence people who disagree with them and it would drastically restrict the right to protest to the point of elimination. But again, this law would not apply to right-wingers who openly protest through displaying or using firearms in order to scare and intimidate. This law is solely aimed at protesters who disagree with them. It s the very definition of political retaliation and is the beginning of a concerted Republican effort to rip up the Constitution and replace it with fascism.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3777, WATCH: Keith Olbermann Perfectly Explains Why We Absolutely CANNOT Give Trump A Chance,"For nigh on two years now, wise people have been warning against the normalization of Donald Trump. However, the media insisted on giving him and his outrageous travesty of a campaign billions of dollars in free advertising, and refused to convey one simple fact to the American people: Donald Trump is in no way fit to president and Commander-in-Chief. In fact, he is dangerously unfit. Trump is clearly a narcissist, unbelievably vengeful and vicious, and in many ways seems to be VERY mentally unstable and unable to control his impulses. Despite these obvious traits that would make anyone unsuited to be president, America has elected him, and now we re in grave danger. The worst part of it? The media is rushing to normalize him once again, and with that normalization comes more danger than ever. Therefore no matter how much the media tells us to do so, no matter how many politicians tell us to do so, we must resist the normalization of this absolutely abnormal presidency. There s one person who is doing an amazing job of telling us just what we need to hear and understand: Keith Olbermann.On GQ s The Closer, Keith Olbermann has been busily railing Donald Trump in ways the mainstream media refuses to do. Now that Trump is the president-elect, he has come out with a brilliant video called  The Resistance  in which he explains the grave danger we are in, and why Trump must be resisted every step of the way. First, Olbermann says that he himself will help lead those of us who understand how dangerous Trump is: Since no Democratic or liberal politician has yet stepped forward out of the morass of Politics, Inc. to take on the responsibility of The Resistance, I, with complete awareness of the presumptuousness and arrogance of this statement, volunteer myself, and I will gladly turn over all these burdens to any more legitimate and informed lawmaker or political or cultural leader who has the guts to take these burdens. Then, Olbermann goes on to lay into Trump in spectacular fashion, laying out all of the reasons he cannot be accepted, and how we might go about making sure we never accept him as president: The first step is to complete the de-legitimizing of his presidency and his election. De-legitimizing that he himself began. Sixty-eight days until his inauguration, still bitching about his paranoid fantasies about the media, still lying about what he said during the campaign, still referring to himself in the third person, still obsessing over one newspaper  as if he were fifteen and it had refused to go with him to the junior prom. Give him a chance? What, in the hope that he will someday grow up enough to be able to see over the top of the Oval Office desk? Most importantly, Olbermann then reminds us all just what the people insisting we should give Trump a chance are really saying: All we are saying is, give fascism a chance.   Who knows, it might not be as bad as we think. It might not be a bottomless pit. After that, the bombastic host lays out his best zinger yet, though he is completely serious: We do not have time for the White House edition of  Celebrity Apprentice  starring President-elect P*ssy-grabber. Olbermann does warn against any crazy and/or illegal tactics, though, saying: I do not want violence, I m not proposing the overthrow of the government by any means other than legal and political. I think protests should be limited to Washington, Trump Tower and the Trump hotels. I have no pie-in-the-sky plan to have the Electoral College alter the outcome somehow, I will even acquiesce to a President Pence   just get this man out of here. Keith Olbermann is right. We need the truth here, and the truth is that this is how fascim takes over. We cannot allow Trump to become normalized, and we cannot, not for a second, treat him as any sort of legitimate president. To do so is to see the end of democracy as we know it.Mr. Olbermann, I salute you, and I proudly join your resistance to Donald Trump.Here is the must watch video, and I urge you to subscribe to the GQ YouTube channel, where  The Resistance  will be a regular series to help us all navigate the Donald Trump fascist rule.[ad3media campaign= 1356 ]Featured image via video screen capture",0
3778, Trump’s Selfishness Is Already KILLING Business In New York City,"Donald Trump has his staff working on the logistics of allowing him to stay in his gilded apartment in New York City very frequently during the next four years. That possibility has an awful lot of bad implications, including shutting down sidewalks and parts of streets near Trump Tower. It seems, though, that we don t even have to wait for him to be sworn in to witness the effects of his selfish plans. New York City is already seeing them.His already-excessive presence in NYC is actually starting to cripple businesses in the area. The area around Trump Tower, which is also home to some of the nation s biggest retailers, has been swarming with security, Secret Service, and protesters. Entire sections of 5th Avenue get shut down in order to protect King Summer Squash from all the baddies who might be out and about around there.The retailers in trouble include places like Tiffany & Co., Hollister, Polo Ralph Lauren, and Abercrombie & Fitch. Their 5th Avenue stores aren t just their highest-volume locations, they re the flagship stores for all these chains and they depend heavily on the traffic they now aren t getting.Worse, because Trump wants to spend so much time in his grossly ostentatious, gold-plated apartment throughout his term, these stores may face this most, if not every single, weekend for the next four years. Their weekend traffic is very likely much higher than their weekday traffic, for obvious reasons.Tiffany & Co. s main entrance has been closed since Election Day because of protests and the security needed to keep Trump safe. They wouldn t comment on whether their traffic or sales volumes have been affected, and neither would anybody else, but Tiffany doesn t know when or if their 5th Avenue entrance will open again.RBC Capital Markets analyst, Brian Tunick, mentioned that there s a traffic risk there, along with Hollister and Abercrombie & Fitch, due to the security issues.Sure, some people might say,  Oh, these are national chains, so what s the big deal?  The big deal is that there are still people who work at these stores who could lose their jobs if these locations see too much of a drop in sales volume. Trump is a man who promised to bring back the good jobs and ensure Americans have good-paying jobs if he was elected.While there s no guarantee right now that anybody will lose jobs at these stores, there also isn t any guarantee anymore that they won t. Any job losses, or worse, store closures, because of the Cheeto King s need to be at home instead of the White House, where he belongs, will be on his head because he cares more about himself and his comfort than what his presence might do to the areas surrounding his homes.Featured image by Spencer Platt via Getty Images",0
3779, White TV Anchor PROVES Systemic Media Racism With One Incredibly Stupid Remark,"And yet the media wonders why everyone hates them.It s understandable that someone might get frustrated doing their job sometimes, especially a job reporting the news. After all, most of the news is typically bad news and that will start to take a toll at some point.But that s no excuse for being a racist.In one incredibly stupid racist remark to a co-worker Detroit NBC reporter, Lauren Podell, ended her own career by whining about how many times she has had to report on murders in the African-American community. I m tired of reporting on these n*****s killing each other in Detroit,  she said.Her racist comment became headline news around the office and Podell was forced to resign.WDIV confirmed her resignation in an email to the Huffington Post.I wanted to let you know that Lauren Podell has resigned from WDIV effective immediately. Lauren asked me to convey the following:  During my time at WDIV I have created many friendships that I will continue to cherish . If you receive any media inquiries please forward them to Jamie or me. Thanks.Podell s remarks and the fact that the station tried to cover them up has outraged the black community and demonstrations against systemic racism in the media are being planned.It s one thing to have a gripe about your job. Maybe Podell really is just tired of reporting these kinds of stories. But the way she went about it was completely offensive, especially considering that many of her colleagues are black.But this demonstrates that there is systemic racism within the media, which explains why the media has treated Black Lives Matter like shit while treating white cops who shoot unarmed black men with kid gloves.This is a teachable moment, and hopefully, other reporters and anchors will learn from it.Featured Image: YouTube",0
3780," In One Cowardice Move, GOP Congress Just PROVED They’re As Racist As Trump","In one of his first moves since becoming the President-Elect, Donald Trump has chosen one of the worst human beings in the country as his Chief Strategist. Steve Bannon was the Editor in Chief of Breitbart News, a site that s popular with white nationalists. Democrats in Congress have penned a letter asking Trump to fire Bannon. Every single Republican sided with the white nationalist. If that doesn t tell you everything you need to know about today s Republican party, nothing will.Why do white nationalists flock to Bannon s former site? Well, for one thing, the site defends white nationalists. If you want to be creeped out, read this. If you aren t sure what the alt-right is, this article will tell you in chilling detail about the pro-Russian isolationists who believe in studying race differences, with, of course, white Christians coming out on top.Then there are articles blaming African-Americans, really for nearly everything, but especially for crime.In normal times, Washington conservatives and the Bannon alt-right can t stand each other. The alt-right is isolationist. Washington conservatives are hawkish. More significantly, as the Washington Post put it:Constitutional conservatives can t stand the alt-right. Conservatives   real conservatives   believe that only a philosophy of limited government, God-given rights and personal responsibility can save the country. And that creed is not bound to race or ethnicity. Broad swaths of the alt-right, by contrast, believe in a creed-free, race-based nationalism, insisting, among other things, that birth on American soil confers superiority. The alt-right sees limited-government constitutionalism as pass ; it holds that only nationalist populism on the basis of shared tribal identity can save the country. It s a movement shot through with racism and anti-Semitism.Not this year. Donald Trump has effectively normalized the underbelly of racism. While Congress for years has been hinting at their own racism with their refusal to acknowledge the legitimacy of our first African-American President, few have admitted their racism, until now.If you still aren t convinced, those applauding the Bannon appointment include former KKK leader David Duke and the chairman of the Nazi Party. Nearly every civil rights group opposed the appointment.When Democrats wrote the letter, signed by 169 members of Congress, to fire Bannon, not a single Republican was brave enough or had enough integrity to agree that a white nationalist shouldn t be in the White House.Here s one of the key passages:Since the election there have been a number of incidents across the country in which minorities, including Muslim-Americans, African-Americans, Hispanic-Americans and Jewish-Americans have been the targets of violence, harassment and intimidation. Mr. Bannon s appointment sends the wrong message to people who have engaged in those types of activities, indicating that they will not only be tolerated, but endorsed by your administration. Millions of Americans have expressed fear and concern about how they will be treated by the Trump administration, and your appointment of Mr. Bannon only exacerbates and validates their concerns.Very proud to be leading 169 Members of Congress asking @realDonaldTrump to rescind his appointment of alt-right leader Steve Bannon. pic.twitter.com/JSz9IPT9Gv  ((David Cicilline)) (@davidcicilline) November 16, 2016There is little political fallout from disavowing a white nationalist, at least you d think, but the Republican voters have proven that racism and white supremacy no longer belong in the closet. The mostly white Republicans in Congress might still keep pretending that they aren t as racist as their party s President Elect, but their failure to sign this letter was really all we needed to know.Featured image via Scott Olson/Getty Images.",0
3781, Watch Jake Tapper Get Cornered By TMZ; ADMITS Media Largely To Blame For Trump (VIDEO),"With the election of Donald Trump, many people are pointing fingers in many different directions to try and figure out what exactly just happened. How the hell did the United States just elect a failed businessman turned reality television host and beauty pageant coordinator to Commander-in-Chief?Perhaps, in part, the media is very much to blame. They treated Trump s campaign as a joke for the better first half of it, likely not thinking he would get as far as he has. He was entertainment. People tuned into to see whatever crazy thing Trump said next. Unlike his competition, pretty much every rally was televised, he had endless interviews and free air time, and he was sensationalized beyond comprehension.No one was really calling out the awful things he was saying in the mainstream media   that was left to those on Twitter on the liberal blogosphere. Ironically, the same liberal blogosphere that is being blamed for his win and dubbed  fake news  by those who don t like to admit its honest relevancy. They were some of the only ones to highlight how horrific Trump actually is.Cornering Jake Tapper of CNN at Los Angeles International Airport was none other than TMZ. They asked Tapper about the media s role in the election, and he responded: Well, that s an extremely loaded question. I think there were a lot of media mistakes this season in all sorts of directions. I think polling needs to be re-examined quite a bit. Adding: This is probably a subject for a three-hour dissertation, not an airport drive-by. Certainly there s a lot of people whose behavior and professionalism this election season should be re-examined, thinking about how to do better and how to be better. That s saying it lightly. The mainstream media didn t do its job. They propped Trump up on a pedestal but at the same time never took him seriously enough to properly criticize the horrifying things he consistently said. So yes, we do need to think about how to do better and how to be better.Watch the interview via TMZ here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
3782, Actor Michael Shannon’s Post-Election Anger Over Trump Victory Is EPIC," Kneel before Trump  is not something you ll be seeing General Zod portrayer Michael Shannon do anytime soon.The Man of Steel actor made it clear on Friday during an interview on RogerEbert.com that the election of Trump put him in a bad mood and he had absolutely no problem ripping Trump and his supporters a new one. It s not one of my happier Fridays   now that the Orange Man is running the world,  Shannon told Nick Allen.Allen then asked Shannon to make sense of how Trump got elected. That s when Shannon unloaded on Trump supporters.Yeah, I ll tell you how to make sense of it: This country s filled with ignorant jackasses. The big red dildo running through the middle of our country needs to be annexed to be its own country of moronic assholes. You can call it the United States of Moronic Fucking Assholes.Sounds about right so far. I don t know how people got so goddamn stupid,  Shannon continued.  But it s really weird, because it s like the last eight years, now it feels like a lie. Like, this has been festering underneath the whole time. Racists, sexists. And a lot of these people, they don t know why the fuck they re alive. They know it. They re doing drugs, fucking killing themselves. Because they re like,  Why the fuck am I alive? I can t get a job, I don t know anything about anything, I have no curiosity for life or the world.  So this Trump thing is like getting a box of firecrackers, or something. It s like,  Well, this will be fun for a little while, this ll kill some time.  Because, y know, the jackass will be amusing on television, say stupid shit. Make everybody clap. Hillary would have been too boring, I suppose. It s the worst thing that s ever happened. It s the worst. This guy is going to destroy civilization as we know it, and the earth, and all because of these people who don t have any idea why they re alive.Now that s the perfect angry rant about Trump and his supporters that we ve been waiting for.And he is right.For a year and a half, Trump has used offensive and divisive rhetoric that should have disqualified him from seeking the presidency on day one of his campaign. His racism and sexism and ignorance should have lost him the election by a landslide. But he won anyway because stupid people voted for him because they want nothing more than to watch the world burn.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
3783," Bernie Sanders Rises In The Senate, Prepares To Become Trump’s WORST Nightmare (TWEETS)","It was just a few days ago that Bernie Sanders responded to Trump s election win with the perfect message from Democrats. He said: If Donald Trump takes people s anger and turns it against Muslims, Hispanics, African Americans and women, we will be his worst nightmare. And from what was just announced, it seems that Sanders has every intention of making good on that warning. Earlier today, the Vermont Senator was named chair of outreach during a closed-door Senate Democrat caucus meeting, according to The Hill. In his new role, Sanders will lead outreach to blue-collar voters   the very voters who became Trump supporters this year. Sanders will also be the ranking member on the Senate Budget Committee. Acknowledging that he has a heavy responsibility to help shape the priorities of the United States government,  Sanders said:TwitterTwitterTwitterHowever, Sanders  new role is great news for our country, and we know he s going to give Trump hell.Featured image via Zach Gibson and Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
3784, It’s Really Happening: Trump Adviser Lays Out Plan For National Muslim Registry,"Well, that didn t take long. In the short time since Americans kinda-sorta elected Donald Trump to be Pussygrabber-in-Chief, Trump has appointed a bona fide white nationalist to a high-level position and perform numerous other actions that months ago were considered extremely unlikely nightmare scenarios   and the latest seems to be that the Muslim registry the media told us Trump was not serious about might actually happen.Under the Trump regime, Muslim immigrants coming to the United States from what Trump and Pals call  terror-prone  countries will soon have to register and check in regularly with the government if Trump adviser and Kansas Secretary of State, Kris Kobach, has his way.Kobach says that the Trump administration aims to quickly waste taxpayer dollars on The Wall and that they are moving forward on a proposal to get things rolling with a registry for immigrants from Muslim countries. Reuters reports:Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, who helped write tough immigration laws in Arizona and elsewhere, said in an interview that Trump s policy advisers had also discussed drafting a proposal for his consideration to reinstate a registry for immigrants from Muslim countries.Kobach, who media reports say is a key member of Trump s transition team, said he had participated in regular conference calls with about a dozen Trump immigration advisers for the past two to three months.Trump s transition team did not respond to requests for confirmation of Kobach s role. The president-elect has not committed to following any specific recommendations from advisory groups.The National Security Entry-Exit Registration System, designed in part by Kovach under the Bush administration, was an ineffective program that singled out Muslims and did not manage to convict a single person of anything related to terrorism.During his campaign, Trump suggested not only monitoring mosques but added that there would need to be a  lot of systems  that extend  beyond databases  to keep an eye on Muslims.Kobach says that he and other advisers are also looking into how to get the construction of the border wall moving without approval from Congress. He says it can happen by reappropriating existing funds, but acknowledges  that future fiscal years will require additional appropriations. Trump has shown us his character in whom he chooses to be part of his administration and through his actions since he has been elected. Some say to give him a chance, to see how he governs, but the answer is  no.  President-elect Pussygrabber has repeatedly demonstrated that he is completely lacking in morals, compassion, decency, and hand size.It is up to each of us to oppose Donald Trump at every turn, to protect what we can of the progress America has made over the last fifty years, to defend our nation in every way we can against this internal enemy. Recently, John Oliver reminded us not to allow what we are about to live through to become normalized. Keep reminding yourself this is not normal,  Oliver said.  A Klan-backed misogynist internet troll is going to be delivering the next State of the Union address, and that is not normal. Truer words have never been spoken.Featured image via Getty Images/Matthew Busch",0
3785, Advocate For Legal Rape Says Trump’s Victory Makes It Acceptable For Men To Rape Women,"Daryush Valizadeh is a sexist and misogynist who is lobbying to make rape legal on private property, and he is a fan of Donald Trump.Trump s past statements and behavior towards women has emboldened men who think women are inferior and can do with them as they please.And Valizadeh wrote a manifesto celebrating Trump s win as the  moment  legal rape activists have been waiting for to make their goal a reality.I m in a state of exuberance that we now have a President who rates women on a 1-10 scale in the same way that we do and evaluates women by their appearance and feminine attitude. We may have to institute a new feature called  Would Trump bang?  to signify the importance of feminine beauty ideals that cultivate effort and class above sloth and vulgarity. Simply look at his wife and the beautiful women he has surrounded himself with to remind yourself of what men everywhere prefer, and not the  beauty at every size  sewage that has been pushed down our throats by gender studies professors and corporations trying to market their product to feminist fatsoes. The President of the United States does not see the value in fat women who don t take care of themselves, and neither should you. We now have a President who will not encourage anti-male propaganda, rape culture, and female victimhood. While I do have minor concerns on the influence of his feminist-minded daughter, Ivanka, Trump will not continue the attack on men that has been institutionalized since the sexual revolution and accelerated during the eight years of Obama. Because our current cultural dystopia is the result of intense long-term manipulation, it is more than enough for Trump to simply not touch the gender issue to allow the culture to return to a more patriarchal order. Stop feeding the rot and it will die off, allowing biology to naturally reassert itself.We ve experienced so many changes in the past decade that we haven t had a chance to understand what s going on and adapt. Instead, we ve been reacting from one blow to the next, whether it s the loss of our jobs through witch hunts or the rape culture horror that has turned a banal consensual hookup into possible incarceration. Trump s victory gives us room to begin pushing back against the fictions that have put men in harm s way.This jackass went on to brag that men like him will be able to say what they want to do what they want to women and get away it whether Trump changes the laws or not, suggesting that men can go right ahead and rape all the women they want without consequence.This is our moment. The door is opening for a renaissance of masculinity where men can take pride in being men, and the best part of it is that we don t need to wait for Trump to do anything. His victory is more than enough for us to apply our own individual strength in seizing the bull s horns where we can come out of the politically incorrect closet and assert our beliefs and behaviors. It would be icing on the cake if Trump rolled back anti-masculine laws and policies, but it s not required, because the power to change ourselves and our country is within our hands.This creepy asshole literally believes Donald Trump s election victory is one step closer toward making it legal for men to rape women.Across the country, Trump supporters have already committed over 300 hate crimes, including crimes against women such as assault.If Valizadeh has his way, we are about to see sexual assault crimes skyrocket, which means America just became an even more dangerous place for women because of Trump s victory.Featured Image: WomanSurvival.com",0
3786, CNN Host STUNNED By Republican’s PATHETIC Defense Of Trump’s Tweets (VIDEO),"For a crash course in why reality television star Donald Trump is unfit to be the next President of the United States, one only needs to look through his Twitter history. Unfortunately, the less intelligent Americans in our country (aka conservatives) have a very different take on the immature attacks that Trump spews on a daily basis with his tiny orange fingers, and their reasoning is painful to listen to.CNN host Chris Cuomo had his brain melted by Rep. Chris Collins (R-NY) on  New Day  on Wednesday morning when he dared to ask Collins what he thought about Trump s recent onslaught of tweets against the New York Times, who Trump has been blasting for making him look bad.TwitterCuomo asked if this was presidential behavior: Do you think that this is a healthy way for him to govern going forward? Collins, who was the first member of Congress to give Trump his endorsement, gave an answer that took Cuomo by complete surprise when he shrugged Trump s behavior off and said it was just the President-elect s way of  relaxing. Well, I can tell you this, the pressure that has got to be on President-elect Trump is immense. The enormity of the job ahead of him, and so I would have to say if this is his way of relaxing, god bless him. Cuomo fired back,  Relaxing?!  in complete disbelief. Collins said: Absolutely. If this is what he has some fun with and he finds this relaxing, and his entertainment, let him go with it. Uh  isn t a President supposed to be more concerned with running a country than  entertainment ? Apparently not, according to Collins: I would not second-guess anything he s doing that he would use to make himself call it unwinding, relaxing, and I think that s part of it. It s Donald Trump being Donald Trump. You don t want this stuff all bottled up. So frankly I don t have a problem with this in the least. I think America actually wants to continue to see a real human being in the White House, and I put this in to the you know, this is his way of unwinding, and taking some stress off. So I think it s a good thing. Absolutely terrifying. Trump has already gone back on his promise that he would be  very restrained  on Twitter now that he s going to be President, making it clear that he lacks self-control. And as expected, Republicans don t have the backbone to stand up to him for the good of the country.You can watch Collins shock Cuomo with his stupidity below:Featured image via screenshot",0
3787, WATCH: ‘The View’ Hosts Tell Trump To Get The F*ck Out Of New York City,"Donald Trump wants to rule America from his golden tower in New York City, but the ladies of The View want him to go away and never come back.Trump is causing major headaches with his desire to be a part-time president.The New York Times reported over the weekend that Trump wants to spend a large portion of his four-year term living in his Trump Tower apartment instead of the White House, where presidents traditionally live and work until their tenure comes to an end.But while Washington D.C. can handle presidential motorcades and security lockdowns, the city of New York is different. That s why Trump wanting to keep living in Trump Tower on Fifth Avenue is a nightmare for residents, including the hosts of The View. Today I m on a little bit of a rant,  Whoopi Goldberg began.  Because it took me about seven hours to get to work this morning, because President-elect Donald Trump has his mid-town Manhattan apartment and it s on permanent lockdown. You need to take your behind to Washington! You wanted the job! Go on and go to Washington! The audience cheered in agreement as Goldberg continued. You got to go, man!  she shouted.  You got to go! You cannot stay in Trump Tower! You got to go! Sarah Haines agreed, explaining that New York City is not designed to deal with security lockdowns of this nature. It s a major tourism hub, and Fifth Avenue is one of the busiest streets in the city. Trump is making the city a living hell that only caters to him by continuing to live there.But Joy Behar had a solution. He needs to go where people like him,  Behar said.  Moscow! That s a good spot. And she has a point. Maybe Putin and Trump can share bunk beds in the Kremlin.A still angry Whoopi Goldberg resumed yelling at Trump to get the f*ck out.  What other president has lived in the town he was hanging out in? None. They all go to Washington. GO!! Here s the video via Vid Me.Donald Trump is a selfish man who only cares about himself. If he gets what he wants, residents of Manhattan can expect these kinds of security lockdowns and the inconveniences they cause every single week as Trump plans to split his time between Washington and New York.If he thinks New Yorkers hate him now, they re really going to hate him when he starts messing with traffic every week.Featured image via screenshot",0
3788, REPORT: Team Trump Just Hired A Crackpot Anti-Muslim Conspiracy Theorist To Advise On National Security,"The entire nation and world have been worried for months about what the reality of a Donald Trump presidency might be like, and now that we re finally here it s more terrifying than anything even the most fevered of hellish fantasies could come up with. First, Trump insisted during his victory speech that he intended to be the president for all Americans, and then he turned right around and appointed a literal white supremacist to be his White House chief strategist. As if that weren t bad enough, it is being reported that anti-Muslim conspiracy theorist Frank Gaffney will be named as a national security adviser.If you don t know who this guy is, let me clue you in. Gaffney believes that President Obama is a Muslim born in Kenya, and regularly peddles this debunked nonsense on his radio show. He also once suggested that the Obama Administration s Missile Defense Agency logo was proof that the president was trying to usher in Sharia Law. As if that isn t enough, Gaffney also thinks that the Muslim Brotherhood is somehow roving around in the United States government.If there s any indication as to what sort of advice Gaffney might give, it s his post-election statement to the alt-right cesspool that is Breitbart News Daily, which is that we have to commit to  stopping, designating, rolling up the Muslim Brotherhood in America as the terrorist organization it is.  He went on to say: It s going to be vital to everything else he s trying to do. We ve got to stop taking counsel from them, direction from them, and allowing them to operate in our midst subversively, and that s what s been going on for some fifty years now. The only possibly redeeming quality here is that Gaffney worked in the Pentagon for a short time when Reagan was president. However, that was one hell of a long time ago, and he s been a right-wing radio host and leader of the conspiracy-minded think tank Center for Security Policy. Essentially, he has done nothing but peddle in hate, lies, and nonsense ever since he left the Reagan Administration. Further, the world is a much different and more complex place than it was when Reagan was in office, and any advice Gaffney might give would be completely obsolete in 2016.In other words, be afraid, America. Be very afraid. We have a literal clown car of incompetence about to be running our government, and there s nothing at all we can do about it.Featured image via Scott Eisen/Getty Images",0
3789, It’s About Time! Twitter Just Kicked Off A Bunch Of Alt-Right Accounts For Hate Speech,"Twitter has finally decided to take action against the white supremacists running rampant on the social media platform. The same day the company vowed to take a stronger stance against hate speech, they suspended numerous alt-right accounts.Richard Spencer was one of those who was suspended. He runs the National Policy Institute, an alt-right think tank, and  has said he wants blacks, Asians, Hispanics and Jews removed from the U.S.  On Tuesday, Twitter removed his personal verified account, the account for the National Policy Institute, and his online magazine.Naturally, Spencer is losing his shit. USA Today reports: This is corporate Stalinism,  Spencer told The Daily Caller News Foundation. In a YouTube video, entitled Knight of the Long Knives, an apparent reference to the purge of Nazi leaders in 1934 to consolidate Adolf Hitler s power, Spencer said Twitter had engaged in a coordinated effort to wipe out alt-right Twitter. I am alive physically but digitally speaking there has been execution squads across the alt right,  he said.  There is a great purge going on and they are purging people based on their views. Paul Town, Pax Dickinson, Ricky Vaughn and John Rivers were also banished by the Twitter gods.Heidi Beirich, spokeswoman for the Southern Poverty Law Center, said the organization had contacted the social media platform and asked that more than 100 white supremacists  accounts be removed for their incessant hate speech, which clearly violates Twitter s terms of service. They have done nothing,  Beirich said on Monday. It appears that on Tuesday, Twitter finally decided to do something.Beirich also pointed out that two of the alt-right accounts, including Spencer s, had been  verified.  This means Twitter has decided it is  an account of public interest. Twitter has stood up against the vitriol of the alt-right before, but this is the first time they have purged so many accounts in one fell swoop.Featured image via CS Monitor",0
3790, Tennessee Official Resigns In Shame After Saying ‘KKK Is More American Than’ Obama (VIDEO),"A Tennessee official has resigned from his position after he was stupid enough to splash racist posts all over his Facebook page.David Barber was the deputy director of Shelby County Corrections Center until he decided to flaunt his racism on social media. In one post, Barber said that the Ku Klux Klan  is more American than  the nation s first black president.Image via SlateIn another post, he called the president  obummer  and said he hoped the Muslims would kill him and  mooshelle as queers. Image via Local MemphisShelby County Mayor Mark Luttrell said that he was appalled when he read Barber s racist posts. I was offended,  he said.  I think anybody who read it would be offended. It was horrible. It was very offensive. According to Luttrell, he was informed about the posts on Friday. His department decided to investigate Barber before firing him and he then resigned on Tuesday. The mayor said that Barber apologized but still may have been fired if he had not decided to resign on his own. He was very contrite, very apologetic. He recognized that he made a mistake,  Luttrell said.  I don t know [why he did it]. That s a question only he can answer. Luttrell added that even though the posts were written on Barber s personal Facebook page, that page also identified him as a government employee. This was an action by an employee who should have known better. What he did, his behavior was intolerable; it was offensive. We afforded him his rights and due process. He recognized his discretion and [resigned],  Luttrell said.Luttrell noted that he isn t sure Shelby County currently has a formal social media policy. But he said if they don t, they will very soon.Luttrell s interview can be seen here: Watch more on this story, here: | WBTV CharlotteFeatured image via Local Memphis",0
3791," WATCH: NSA Chief Drops HUGE Bombshell About Involvement Of Wikileaks, Russia In Our Election","Admiral Michael Rogers, the current head of the National Security Agency s Cybersecurity division, confirmed today that Wikileaks  email releases, possibly along with Russia s hacking of the DNC during the summer, were a concerted effort to create a specific outcome in our election. If their goal was to elect Donald Trump, then it certainly worked and our election was, in fact, rigged.He was speaking at the Wall Street Journal CEO Council, and the subject was actually the rocky relationship between the NSA and the private sector. He argued that the private sector needs to give him more access to their network structures, while the private sector inherently distrusts the government and its intentions.During that interview, though, he fielded a question about Wikileaks releasing batches of emails from John Podesta, one of Hillary s close aides and confidantes: You told NPR in August that  these emails were clearly leaked for a reason and they were leaked I believe to achieve an effect.  What can you tell us about Wikileaks from what you know? He replied with: There shouldn t be any doubt in anybody s mind This was not a target that was selected purely arbitrarily. This was a conscious effort by a nation-state to attempt to achieve a specific effect. He went on to explain a little about going after hackers by hardening systems and increasing knowledge, and they re also trying to hurt hackers by working with other countries on the problem. If he s right, though, then we re in a lot of trouble at the behest of a hostile nation.Watch his comments below: A conscious effort by a nation-state to attempt to achieve a specific effect  NSA chief on WikiLeaks https://t.co/kvmrTyVE30 #WSJCEOCouncil pic.twitter.com/AT2pxK2ROR  Wall Street Journal (@WSJ) November 15, 2016Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
3792, Megyn Kelly Breaks Silence On Trump; Exposes Threats Over Rape Allegation (VIDEO),"Fox News host Megyn Kelly is all too familiar with Donald Trump s bullying tactics. She d endured several of them during the presidential debates and Trump continued to attack her over Twitter throughout his campaign. Now that Trump has been elected as the next President of the United States, Kelly is breaking her silence and coming forward about the threats she d kept to herself   until now.In a USA Today interview published on Tuesday, Kelly spoke about her new memoir,  Settle for More  in which she talks about how Trump relentlessly harassed her and compromised her job by whining to the executives at Fox News after she dared to ask him about his treatment of women during a primary debate. And when Kelly reported on an older allegation of spousal rape against him, Trump resorted to his teenage tactics and warned he would  unleash  his Twitter account on her. Seriously.After Kelly reported on the rape allegation made by Trump s ex-wife Ivana, she said Trump personally called her and said: I almost unleashed my beautiful Twitter account on you, and I still may. Spoken like a true psychopath. The unfortunate thing is that Trump actually made good on his threat   he spent several months attacking and mocking Kelly after that incident. He was so brutal in his attacks that his supporters were even threatening Kelly. Some even showed up at her house. Kelly said: (Trump) couldn t let it go for so long and there was a time when I wondered if he d ever let it go. The way Trump terrorized and harassed women during his presidential campaign is unprecendented. We ve never seen such unprofessional, blatantly misogynistic behavior from a presidential candidate before. Unfortunately, America s children are learning from it, and he s set an awful example. You can watch Kelly discuss the devastating impact of Trump s bullying of women below:WATCH: @MegynKelly discusses her daughter being  scared of Donald Trump.  https://t.co/bPNFXDCSr0 https://t.co/eo21Xss5dZ  Good Morning America (@GMA) November 15, 2016Featured image via Mike Coppola and Drew Angerer / Getty Images",0
3793, Trump Could FLEECE The Secret Service For MILLIONS During His Term,"There are a ton of potential conflict-of-interest problems cropping up as Trump prepares to take office. One is his use of the Secret Service. He already made nearly $3 million from them during his campaign, and now he potentially stands to make millions more over the next four years, and probably won t hesitate to do so because that s just how greedy he is.Even as far back as 2000, when Trump first started thinking about a run at the White House, he knew he could make money for himself. Back then, he combined paid speeches with his political appearances, making them paid political appearances. He actually admitted that he could be the first person to make money on the side as a presidential candidate.So what s going on now? Basically, the Secret Service has to pay for travel with candidates while they re campaigning. They paid both Trump and Hillary roughly $2.7 million each for travel. However, with Hillary, that money helped with the costs of chartering a plane, so it s not like she actually just raked it in from them.However, since Trump was using his own airline for travel, they simply paid him the money for travel. Yes, the costs associated with using those aircraft were rolled in, but Trump owns the airline. Therefore, the money essentially went into his own pocket.He and Melania will be flying around now on Air Force One and Marine One. What about their kids, though? Trump s adult children are up for unpaid positions in his administration (he can t officially hire family). Also, the Secret Service is supposed to protect immediate family, like children. Sure, they ll sometimes fly on the official presidential aircraft, but other times, they could be flying on Trump s personal aircraft, possibly still with Secret Service protection.And the Secret Service has to pay for that. It ll be the same as the campaign   that money will essentially go into Trump s coffers.No wonder he s willing to take a $1 salary as president. He sounds all wonderfully altruistic that way, but the truth his he has a huge opportunity to make millions anyway. Even the $50,000 expense account is peanuts compared to what he stands to make by fleecing the Secret Service. That makes the gesture as hollow as the CEOs with massive stock options who only take $1 salaries. They still make millions.The blatant hate was obviously not enough, and now we have a man in the White House who will use the government to fatten his personal wallet as much as he can. Who didn t see this coming?Featured by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3794," Former Candidate Ben Carson Declines Trump Cabinet Position, Cites Lack Of Experience","Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson, who is an adviser to President-elect Donald Trump, has decided against accepting a Cabinet position in the Trump administration. Carson, who was a former 2016 Republican presidential candidate, cited his own lack of experience. Dr. Carson feels he has no government experience, he s never run a federal agency,  Carson s close friend and business manager Armstrong Williams told The Hill.  The last thing he would want to do was take a position that could cripple the presidency. Carson isn t interested in serving as secretary of Health and Human Services, Williams said. Dr. Carson was never offered a specific position, but everything was open to him,  Williams continued to say.The irony meter just exploded. Despite Trump s onslaught of attacks on Carson during the campaign, the retired neurosurgeon was among the first former rivals to back the acidic GOP presidential nominee. And now that Trump, who has zero political experience, won the keys to the White House, Carson feels his own inexperience would  cripple the presidency. Dr. Carson doesn t feel like that s the best way for him to serve the president-elect,  Williams told Reuters.He said that Carson would remain a close adviser of Trump and also a friend.  His life has not prepared him to be a Cabinet secretary,  Williams said.Well, we can t imagine how Trump is possibly prepared to lead this country will no political experience.Dr. Carson endorsed Trump by calling him thoughtful and  cerebral,  according to the Washington Post. He said that even though Trump insulted him over and over and over and over again. The same thing happened with Ted Cruz. Trump attacked Heidi Cruz s appearance so what did the Texas Senator do? He denounced Trump, then later told America to vote their conscience while he never gave in to backing the then-GOP Presidential nominee. Then he lost his conscience and his spine and jumped on the Trump Train.The GOP has Stockholm Syndrome.Photo by Alex Wong via Getty",0
3795, Director Rob Reiner: ‘Moron’ Trump Is Last Gasp Of The Civil War,"Racists and Confederate flag worshipers may be celebrating now but Director Rob Reiner just informed them that Trump s victory will be their last.On Monday while promoting his film  LBJ,  which follows President Lyndon Johnson s effort to secure passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Reiner declared that Trump represents the final battle of the Civil War, which ended in 1865 and was responsible for the deaths of 600,000 Americans. The way I look at it, if you are trying to take an overview   the holistic approach   we are fighting the last big major battle of the Civil War,  Reiner said, pointing out that people are protesting Trump for the opposite reason why Southerners protested Abraham Lincoln when he was elected in 1860. There s only been two times in the history of America where upon the election of a president, the people en masse took to the streets,  Reiner said.  One was Abraham Lincoln, and the other was Donald Trump. And for obviously, you know, 180-degree different reasons, but both based on race. Indeed, the South hated Lincoln because they wanted to keep the institution of slavery alive. Anti-Trump protesters hate Trump because they don t want America to be a haven for racists who want to go back to the days of slavery or segregation.Millions of Americans fear that Trump will reign over an era where racism and discrimination is acceptable and is propped up by the federal government. To me, the scariest part of what we saw with Donald Trump was not understanding how much racism still existed in this country,  Reiner continued.  It was kind of papered over for a while. I mean, we had the Civil Rights Act, we had the Voting Rights Act and then in the  70s we had  All in the Family  started shining a light on racial unrest. And then we had a lot of enormous success by African-Americans in the media, in the news and so on. And then culminating with an African American president. So we thought, OK, we are moving in the right direction, everything is moving. But what we didn t realize that this undercurrent of racism was still there, virulent and kind of down, suppressed. But now the media is largely to blame for giving Donald Trump and his deplorable supporters a platform to bring the cause of white supremacists into the mainstream. And Reiner blasted them for it. I don t know if you saw Leslie Stahl last night,  Reiner said in reference to Trump s 60 Minutes interview on Sunday.  It s embarrassing. It is embarrassing that somebody who has a national platform would softball this moron. He s a moron. And that man is in the White House now, and the press normalized him. They normalized him for a long, long time. And that s a disgrace. Trump may have won by getting more electoral votes, but he lost the popular vote which is a sign that Democrats can take back the White House from Trump and the Republicans in 2020 with a candidate who is more popular and has less baggage. Someone like Elizabeth Warren or Kamala Harris.So while Trump and the GOP and their racists voters will enjoy their victory now, they have ignited a progressive wave of rage that is going to bury them and drag them kicking and screaming into the future America deserves.Featured Image: Wikimedia",0
3796, WATCH: Hypocrite Trump Supporter Gets BURIED For Whining About A Racist Being Called A Racist,"Just like Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway did on Fox News Sunday, CNN pundit and Trump mouthpiece Kayleigh McEnany went full hypocrite on Tuesday.Earlier this week, Donald Trump named white supremacist hero Steve Bannon as his chief policy strategist, basically guaranteeing that we won t be seeing any legislation that helps minorities in this country. In fact, we ll probably see some landmark legislation like the Civil Rights Act get rolled back.Make no mistake, Bannon is a racist with ties to white nationalists. But Kayleigh McEnany not only whined about Bannon being called a racist by fellow panelist Jonathan Tasini, she had the nerve to repeat the call for unity even though Republicans refused to unite behind President Obama when he asked the country to come together in 2008.The discussion began with Van Jones pointing out that if Hillary Clinton picked the editor of a Maoist publication to be her chief strategist Republicans would be throwing a hissy fit. We ve got to continue to have a serious debate about the direction of our country and that includes talking about who s put in the inner circle of the President of the United States,  Jones said.McEnany replied that  there is a line between asking a question and labeling someone a racist, which is what Jonathan just did. Van, as political commentators, we have a duty and an obligation, Van, to correct mistruths and falsehoods. We have an obligation to correct falsehoods and President Barack Obama stood up there and said it s time to unite and that means dispelling these rumors. But these are not rumors. Bannon has been flirting with the alt-right for years and it s no coincidence that white supremacists flocked to Trump s campaign because Bannon was part of it. White nationalists see Bannon as their meal-ticket to power, which makes him all the more dangerous.Anyway, Tasini was absolutely disgusted by McEnany s defense of Bannon, so he proceeded to bury her. Bannon is a racist and an anti-Semite,  Tasini said.  He s at the head of an alt-right movement that is completely anti-American, frankly. You should be ashamed of yourself that you re justifying what he s about. I m very proud of this campaign,  McEnany responded. I know you re proud and that s a disgrace,  Tasini said, driving a final stake of humiliation through McEnany s hypocrisy.Here s the video via Vid Me.Again, for eight years conservatives refused to unite behind President Obama and called him every name in the book. They even called him a secret Muslim who hates America. I don t remember Republicans working to  correct falsehoods and mistruths  then. Yet Trump and his deplorable supporters have the gall to ask for unity now? F*ck that shit. #NotMyPresidentFeatured Image: Screenshot",0
3797, Obama Has A POWERFUL Message For Democrats In Despair About Trump Win (VIDEO),"A week after the election, much of the country is still devastated that a reality television star was chosen over an overqualified candidate to be the next President of the United States. While many of us are still mourning and in shock that Donald Trump was able to win the election, President Barack Obama addressed frustrated Democrats yesterday to remind them that there s still more work to be done and we can t give up now.Obama began by saying how  proud  he was of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton for her  history-making race.  He said: We did not get the results we wanted, but we took a step in shattering a barrier that s still there. And little girls and little boys are going to have a different sense of the possible thanks to her nomination and her candidacy. Then, Obama got right down to business. Obama said it was fine to go through the emotions of dealing with Trump s win, but we must not lose focus and stop fighting for what we believe in. He said: That doesn t mean we don t hurt for what was an unexpected loss. Expected losses are hard enough; unexpected ones are just worse. And that s okay. I was telling my team: You re allowed to mope for a week and a half. Maybe two if you really need it. But after that, we ve got to brush ourselves off and get back to work. We need to come together and focus on a way ahead. This call was organized by the Democratic National Committee, and was held right after Obama gave his first post-election press conference. Obama had said that although Democrats might have better ideas, they were failing to resonate with voters   and this was something that needed to change. Obama said: Given population distribution across the country, we have to compete everywhere. We have to show up everywhere. The president urged Democrats to get back to work and move forward  in a way that s consistent with who we are as Democrats.  He said: It means that we re listening to each other, we re reflecting, we re asking tough questions, we re respectful of different points of view, we re basing our decisions on facts and careful analysis. We re taking the long view and we re strategizing.And then, Obama said something that inspired us all and gave us hope that he would still play a major role in America s future after he leaves the White House: The bottom line is: I don t know about y all, but I m still fired up and I m still ready to go. You can watch Obama s inspiring speech below:Featured image via Pool/Getty Images",0
3798, Woman Gets Death Threats Just For Posting A Picture With Hillary Clinton,"After last week s election, Hillary supporters found a modicum of comfort in a photo, which quickly went viral. The photo was taken the day after the election. A woman named Margot Gerster, who was hiking through the woods in Upstate New York, ran into Hillary and Bill Clinton. Gerster snapped a photo of her and the Democratic nominee and innocently uploaded it to social media. That s when the sh*t hit the fan and she began receiving death threats.The photo was simply of the two women and Gerster s baby. It in no way questioned or even referenced Donald Trump s election. Instead, it was a reassurance that life goes on, even after a crushing defeat.Within what seemed like hours, the conservative media attacks began. The chance encounter had to be fake, the argument went, because Gerster had met Hillary Clinton once before, many years ago. As if people don t have chance encounters with people they have previously met.Gerster admits she met Clinton when she was a teenager, but that had nothing to do with last Wednesday s chance encounter: It was so long ago,I do not remember. All I knew was that I was going to a nice dinner and Hillary Clinton was there,  she said.The mom dismissed accusations she s a long-time ally of the Clintons who secretly planned and engineered the heart-warming, post-election snap. If I were long-time friends of the Clintons, I wouldn t be keeping that a secret. I d be bragging about it to everyone I know,  Gerster said.Source: New York PostGerster insists, and Federal Election Commission records confirm, that she didn t even donate to Clinton.But, conservatives never let facts get in the way of a good conspiracy theory and Gerster says she s been getting death threats, although there s no record she s reported them to the cops. I don t want to discuss this anymore,  said Gerster, 30.  This story needs to go away. It got a lot of positive feedback from a lot of people, but I don t want this to add on to this (blowback), I don t want to fuel the fire. Who can blame her? Trump has clearly unleashed an ugly and violent underbelly in America. No one is safe.Featured image via Margot Gerster screen capture. ",0
3799," According To The New White House Chief Strategist, Liberal Women Are Just ‘A Bunch Of Dykes’","During an interview, Steve Bannon  who is the new White House strategist under Donald Trump  just referred to left-wing women as  a bunch of dykes .Steve Bannon was recently appointed as a senior adviser for Trump, but he is not a good fit for the job. He s just an egotistical blogger. As chairman of Breitbart News he is known for his right-winged bias, which is quite clear here. In this interview he says right-wing women  are of the highest moral character  while on the left we vilify women. Incredible that he would say this, and then less than a minute later, refer to them as  a bunch of dykes.  You can listen to that irony right here:There will always be some friction between the right and left, but referring to our liberal women as dykes is a little over the line, especially for the senior adviser of the White House. Then again, look who he advises: Donald Trump, who is well-known for degrading women. It s sad to see men like this controlling our government.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3800," A Trump Fan Picks A Fight On A Plane, So The Captain Issues SCATHING Rebuke","As much as we activists might wish otherwise, it s not always a good idea to talk politics. This is particularly true if you re a insecure idiot Trumpkin who just has to say something stupid and racist to the passenger next to you on a plane. This actually happened on a United Airlines flight from San Francisco to Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, where a Trump supporter scared the passenger next to him by gloating about the Cheeto King s win.According to the caption on the YouTube video, this Trump fan was wearing a plaid shirt and a camo cap, and he just had to say something about being happy that he could keep his guns to the black woman next to him. She began to cry likely because that sounds an awful lot like a threat, and the racism and racist threats that have been oozing out of Trumpkins since Nov. 8 is just vile.The two were separated, and then the pilot gave the entire plane a very stern talking to, thanks to said Trump fan: We re going to be in a metal tube at 35,000 feet to bring up politics. Okay? I understand everybody has their opinions, that s fine.Nobody wants to argue, nobody s going to change their minds by arguing, and let s keep our opinions to ourselves on this particular matter at this particular time.If there s anybody that has a problem with this, that needs to vent or rant or rave, there s another flight tomorrow. You re not going to be on this one. I hope that s clear. He got a lot of cheers for that.While some might interpret his full remarks as insensitive and even pro-Trump, he actually did what he needed to do to defuse the situation. Furthermore, he took down the gloating Trumpkin in the process, much to the pleasure of the other passengers. Listen to his entire rebuke below:[ad3media campaign= 1352 ]Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3801," ‘The Simpsons’ React To Their Trump Election Prediction, And They’re NOT Happy (VIDEO)","In reaction to Donald Trump s victory, The Simpsons decided to update their 2000 prediction of a Trump presidency.In 2000, the show showed a glimpse into the future where President Lisa Simpson inherited an economic mess from  President Trump.  Well, now that fictional story line has become a horrifying reality.Here is The Simpsons new opening with Bart Simpson writing on the chalkboard,  BEING RIGHT SUCKS :The Simpsons updates its 2000 prediction of a Trump Presidency  #TheSimpsons pic.twitter.com/Myf5rYb9Dj  The Simpsons (@TheSimpsons) November 14, 2016Hopefully, the financial despair the fictional President Trump never becomes a reality, but seeing as he has no experience, is a businessman who s not as good as he says he is, and The Simpsons have been right thus far, the future s looking pretty bleak.Here s the original clip of President Lisa Simpson calling out a Donald Trump presidency for his fiscal fallout and bad economy:Early on into Trump s campaign, The Simpsons satirized the reality TV host turned president-elect by having Homer Simpson somehow at the campaign rollout and falling into Trump s hair. If we could only go back to that moment and enjoy the comedy over reality.Now we have to reap what we ve sown, or rather what the less than half of voting Americans have sown considering Trump only won with the Electoral College and lost the popular vote to Hillary Clinton in his own words, big league.Most of us with The Simpsons were very wrong with the prediction as well.Featured image via video screen capture",0
3802, Black Military Veteran Denied Meal Because White Trump Supporter Questioned His Service,"It s time to start arresting Trump supporters for this bullshit.Ernest Walker is a proud veteran who served this country with the 25th Infantry Division in the 1980s. So he went to Chili s on Veteran s Day for a free meal the restaurant chain offered to veterans as thanks for their service.But while he was eating, a rude Trump supporter confronted him and questioned his military service despite the fact that he was in uniform and had his discharge papers as proof that he served.But because Walker is a black man, this emboldened racist decided to cause trouble. I was approached by an old white guy, maybe in his 70s, with a Trump Shirt, at Chili s on Veteran s Day yesterday,  Walker explained on Facebook.  He asked if I was in the 24th unit, and I said  no the 25th . TRICK QUESTION. He said he was in Germany, and that they did not let Blacks serve over there. He left to the back, and came back and rubbed my dog Barack, who is a service dog. First of all, it s incredibly disrespectful to question a person s service to this country just because of the color of their skin. Second, it s disrespectful to touch a disabled person s service animal. It s a dick move.But this Trump supporter took the extra step of going to the restaurant manager and told him that Walker was faking his veteran creds and said the service animal is fake, too.The manager, identified by Walker as Wesley Patrick, interrogated Walker and then took his food away from him even though Walker once again showed proof of his military service. I was seated and eating my food. The waitress packed the rest of my food in a to go box because I had to go pick up my wife. I got my food and tipped the waitress. Then the Manager, MR. Wesley Patrick, comes from the same area in the back, walked up, and rudly informs me that a guest said that I was not a real soldier because I had my hat on indoors. Other guests heard him. He asked for my military ID, I was calm, and provided it to him. I also provided him with my DD214 which is my discharge paperwork. At that point he should have just said  I am sorry Sir, thank you for your service  Instead he followed up with  the guest also said your dog is not a service dog.  Barack had his Red Service Vest on, and his Certified Service Tags. I was sitting for 35 minutes prior with Barack beforehand. At this point I was grossly offended embarrassed dehumanized and started Recording Mr. Wesley snatched my food away, made body contact. And because Patrick took the word of a racist over the evidence Walker should have never had to present but did so anyway, he is now out of a job and Chili s has issued a formal apology. On a day where we served more than 200,000 free meals as a small gesture of our appreciation for our veterans and active military for their service, we fell short,  said Chili s president Kelli Valade.This kind of behavior by Trump supporters has become an epidemic in this country ever since Donald Trump won on Election Day. Hundreds of incidents of violence, threats, defacing of property, racism, and sexism have been reported across the nation and people are terrified.These Trump supporters need to be arrested and a strong message needs to be sent that this behavior won t be tolerated.Featured Image: Facebook",0
3803, BREAKING: Trump’s Top Pick For Secretary Of State Announced; Should Horrify The World (DETAILS),"It has just been announced that Donald Trump and his transition team have former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani as a top favorite to be selected as the new Secretary of State.BREAKING: AP source: Rudy Giuliani the favorite to be Trump's secretary of state.  The Associated Press (@AP) November 15, 2016CLEVELAND, OH   OCTOBER 22: Rudy Giuliani introduces Republican vice-presidential nominee Mike Pence during his campaign stop along side presidential nominee Donald Trump. (Photo by Justin Merriman/Getty Images)According to the NY Post: Rudy Giuliani is in the running to become the next secretary of state.The former New York City mayor is one of two candidates to be America s top diplomat, according to The Wall Street Journal.The other candidate is John Bolton, the former US ambassador to the United Nations and a former high ranking State Department official. Many thought Giuliani may be picked for Attorney General so this is a bit of a surprise to some, and a horrifying reality for the rest of the world considering the man doesn t have much of any foreign policy experience and is a warhawk.Honestly, the pick doesn t make that much sense, and many thought former House Speaker Newt Gingrich had the role locked up. Which, in all honesty, would have made a whole heck of  a lot more sense.The future Trump administration is getting more bizarre by the day and it s reading like a bad play where everyone runs for cover in the end.Featured Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3804, WATCH: Violent Trump Fan Shoves Peaceful Protester Down Stairs From Behind Like A Coward,"The violence and hate we witnessed at Trump rallies is now spilling over into the rest of society. Since the billionaire racist misogynist internet troll was elected to lead the free world, there have been literally hundreds of hate crimes (many of which in his name) and his supporters have proved completely unwilling to behave themselves even in their victory.At an anti-Trump protest in Ohio on Monday, we received a reminder of the violent nature of the animals known as Trump voters. As Tim Joseph was delivering his message into a bullhorn at the Ohio Union at OSU in Columbus, one Trump voter voiced his displeasure with the current direction of the country (or whatever bullsh*t the media is saying to explain away these alleged people s behavior today) by shoving the protester down some stairs   from behind like a coward, of course. You idiot,  the disenfranchised white man screeched as he went all WWE on Joseph.One man wearing a Guy Fawkes mask began to beat the living hell out of the attacker, whose identity has not yet been released. Instead of joining in like we saw at Trump rallies throughout the election year, other protesters calmed the man down and the crowd detained him peacefully until police arrived. According to Undergraduate Student Government president Gerard Basalla the attacker, a student, was arrested and placed under indefinite suspension. The assault that occurred   that s what it was   in the Union tonight is completely unacceptable,  Basalla told The Lantern.  Every person on this campus has the right to feel safe and voice their opinion without fearing harm. We can t be having this. We protect First Amendment rights actively, but we do not under any circumstances tolerate intimidation or threats to students, faculty, staff or visitors to our campus,  University President Michael Drake said in an email to students following the attack.Watch the assault below:",0
3805, Chomsky: Electing Trump Gave ‘Total Control’ To The ‘Most Dangerous Organization In World History’,"Renowned scholar Noam Chomsky has been warning of a Trump presidency and his fears have now become a reality. His assessment of the current situation? In an interview with Truthout, Chomsky said electing Trump has given  total control of the government  to Republicans, who he describes as  the most dangerous organization in world history. On November 8, the most powerful country in world history, which will set its stamp on what comes next, had an election,  Chomsky said.  The outcome placed total control of the government   executive, Congress, the Supreme Court   in the hands of the Republican Party, which has become the most dangerous organization in world history. Chomsky s primary concern with Republicans is their staunch refusal to accept climate change as a reality and their determination to destroy the planet as quickly as possible. Apart from the last phrase, all of this is uncontroversial. The last phrase may seem outlandish, even outrageous. But is it? The facts suggest otherwise,  Chomsky explained.  The Party is dedicated to racing as rapidly as possible to destruction of organized human life. There is no historical precedent for such a stand. Chomsky went on to say that humans are facing the biggest disaster in our history. Republicans, especially Trump, seem hell-bent on doing all they can to ensure our demise. It is hard to find words to capture the fact that humans are facing the most important question in their history   whether organized human life will survive in anything like the form we know   and are answering it by accelerating the race to disaster,  Chomsky said.He added that when it comes to Trump,  Similar observations hold for the other huge issue concerning human survival: the threat of nuclear destruction, which has been looming over our heads for 70 years and is now increasing. Chomsky said that Trump voters were driven by their desperation for  change  and that is what Trump offered, but he noted that the  change  that Trump is likely to bring will be harmful or worse.  He said that they were also driven by bigotry, citing studies which  show that doctrines of white supremacy have had an even more powerful grip on American culture than in South Africa. The political theorist said that this is exactly what he has spent years trying to warn people about. For many years, I have been writing and speaking about the danger of the rise of an honest and charismatic ideologue in the United States, someone who could exploit the fear and anger that has long been boiling in much of the society, and who could direct it away from the actual agents of malaise to vulnerable targets,  Chomsky said.  That could indeed lead to what sociologist Bertram Gross called  friendly fascism  in a perceptive study 35 years ago. But that requires an honest ideologue, a Hitler type, not someone whose only detectable ideology is Me. The dangers, however, have been real for many years, perhaps even more so in the light of the forces that Trump has unleashed. A good deal depends on his appointments and circle of advisers. Early indications are unattractive, to put it mildly,  Chomsky added.You can read Chomsky s full interview with Truthout, here.Featured image via William B. Plowman/Getty Images",0
3806, Know-Nothing Trump Reverses Yet ANOTHER Position On Foreign Policy,"Donald Trump spent months on the campaign trail bashing NATO, the cornerstone of global security after World War II. However, President Obama said Monday that Trump is now committed to NATO, the alliance he once referred to as  obsolete. Trump told President Obama that he plans to stick with NATO, according to The Hill. He expressed a great interest in maintaining our core strategic relationships,  Obama said. And so, one of the messages I will be able to deliver is his commitment to NATO and the Transatlantic Alliance. I think that s one of the most important functions I can serve at this stage during this trip. is to let them know that there is no weakening of resolve when it comes to America s commitment to maintaining a strong and robust NATO relationship and a recognition that those alliances aren t just good for Europe, they re good for the United States,  he continued.  And they re vital for the world. So, why the change of heart? Trump had no idea how to lead a country. Even Trump was surprised over the scope of the new job he was elected to do. He has zero political experience, after all. Trump s team reportedly was unaware of the fact that he needed to hire a full White House staff upon taking the Oval Office.And now, Trump is going to learn how to be a leader from President Obama.Trump aides didn t know entire West Wing had to be hired; Obama, after meeting Trump, plans to spend more time w himhttps://t.co/ZLTpsqSwGe pic.twitter.com/x4edzsf8uY  Michael C. Bender (@MichaelCBender) November 14, 2016That s right. The man conservatives hate is going to babysit Donald Trump and hold his little hands to guide him through the process. Trump thought this would be an easy job. For years, conservatives said Obama wasn t experienced enough and called him the Community-Organizer-In-Chief. For the record, Obama had many years worth of experience.Just to keep score here: Trump is not going to fully repeal Obamacare. Mexico is not going to pay for the wall. And he s now embracing NATO. Trump voters have been played for suckers.Photo by Mark Wilson via Getty",0
3807, Actress Emmy Rossum Fires Back At Trump Fans Over DISGUSTING Anti-Semitic Threats (TWEETS),"Donald Trump s hateful, divisive rhetoric brought out the worst in Americans during his presidential campaign and now that the reality television star and scammy business mogul has been elected as President of the Unites States, his supporters are letting their true colors shine freely.America s future leader spent over a year normalizing bigotry, discrimination, and violence, and now we re seeing a massive increase in hate crimes and attacks across America. And it turns out, not even the country s most well-known and respected individuals are safe. Recently, Golden Globe-nominated actress Emmy Rossum spoke out about the recent anti-Semitic attacks she s been getting from Trump supporters since the election, and it s enough to make your stomach turn. If anyone is still trying to convince you that Trump isn t the modern-day Adolf Hitler, you need to show them what Rossum endured at the hands of these monsters.On Sunday, Rossum fought back and called out Trump and his supporters for their hate speech:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitter No matter WHO you voted for, I don t care, THIS is not okay.  You will be seeing a train shortly  pic.twitter.com/cvQP6Fegz4  Emmy Rossum (@emmyrossum) November 14, 2016The particular person who was harassing Rossum has since been suspended by Twitter, but there are several more Americans who echo his opinions. It is hard to believe that this is the country that was once considered progressive and accepting of all individuals. It s clear that Trump is making good on his promise to return our country to earlier times in history, where white people ruled everyone else.Rossum pointed out this sad phenomenon perfectly when she remarked that perhaps America was naive about how  far  we d come, and maybe this brand of hatred had been there all along, just waiting to be awakened by the right kind of dictator. It is terrifying and upsetting to come to terms with the fact that the America we ve been living in is such a divisive, unwelcoming place now.TwitterFeatured image via Alberto E. Rodriguez and Zach Gibson/Getty Images",0
3808, Ana Navarro Unleashes EPIC Tweetstorm Explaining Just How Afraid We Should Be Of President Trump,"All kinds of people from both the Left and the Right have been all over the cable news shows in recent days to tell the entire country not to be scared of President-elect Donald Trump. However, Republican strategist Ana Navarro, who has been warning of the dangers of Donald Trump for months, just unleashed an EPIC tweetstorm that shows us all just how dangerous Trump s administration is to be for anyone not straight, white, male, and Christian. Navarro focused on the appointment of Steve Bannon as Trump s Chief Strategist, which means we have a literal white supremacist in the White House. Here is the series of tweets Navarro sent out:Oh, hell! White supremacist, anti gay, anti Semite, vindictive, scary-ass dude named Senior Strategist. After vomiting, be afraid, America. https://t.co/cZvP3vccjS  Ana Navarro (@ananavarro) November 13, 2016God help us all. Really. https://t.co/OPLDlsaejj  Ana Navarro (@ananavarro) November 13, 2016Ax, ""deeply disturbing"" is when ur car gets scratched. A white supremacist Neanderthal in WH w/President's ear is DISGUSTING & TERRIFYING! https://t.co/LGRdp6Hn4G  Ana Navarro (@ananavarro) November 13, 2016Don't know if Trump playing both sides. I do know we're stuck w/him at least 4 yrs. I hope he works to reign in racism/division he unleashed https://t.co/UFW6dAcccK  Ana Navarro (@ananavarro) November 14, 2016Ana Navarro is right. The worst thing we could do is to normalize Trump s campaign trail behavior, or to normalize the bigots he is surrounding himself with   ESPECIALLY Stephen Bannon. We are seeing the rise of bigotry in America in a mainstream sense in ways that we haven t seen in decades   certainly I ve never seen anything quite like it in MY lifetime, and I am 35 years old. This is not normal. We must be vigilant. Fear is a healthy emotion right now. So is extreme caution.Trump is trying to normalize white supremacy and the Alt-Right, which is nothing more than the new Ku Klux Klan. It s time to stop pretending that Trump s election is not a national tragedy, and stand up to him and his cronies, less we become a nation that celebrates the Jim Crow era and shuns and punishes diversity.Featured image via screen capture from YouTube",0
3809, Trump’s Latest Tweets Prove He’s Going To Be The WORST President We’ve Ever Had (IMAGES),"Most of the people with brains in this country knew that Donald Trump, a reality television star, was not fit to be the next President of the United States and should not be allowed anywhere near the White House. Unfortunately, Trump was able to rile up enough hate and divisiveness in this country to get himself elected, but he s already proving that he s going to be a disastrous Commander-in-chief.No one has to look any further than Trump s Twitter account to understand how much of a mistake electing him was. Despite the fact that he promised he would be restrained on social media, Trump is incapable of changing. And instead of getting to work and laying out his vision for the country, he spent several hours on Sunday attacking The New York Times. Are you embarrassed for America? You should be.Here s how our thin-skinned President-elect went after a top newspaper:Twitter(It s worth mentioning that although Trump continues to deny that he ever said Japan should have nukes, he most certainly did say that.)But seriously, Presidents who actually do their job don t spend hours on Twitter attacking the free press. They don t have time, and they have more important things to focus on   things that go beyond what Trump is capable of handling.The New York Times didn t hesitate to call Trump out on his lies:TwitterWe re proud of our election coverage & we will continue to  hold power to account.  Here s what we told our employees & our subscribers: pic.twitter.com/dcaTrAS4mU  NYTCo Communications (@NYTimesComm) November 13, 2016It s safe to say that Trump didn t actually believe he was going to win the election, and he s miserable now that he has. His priorities have not changed one bit since becoming the President-elect. Trump has no real interest in actually running the country, and his Twitter account proves that he s going to fail and pull the rest of America down with him.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images",0
3810," Obama Takes Pity On Trump, Plans To Hold His Hand Because He Is Just So Damn Clueless","Donald Trump has no idea WTF he is doing. None. I know, shocking, right? Thankfully, President Obama has decided to take pity on him (or maybe he s really taking pity on us) and is planning to help Trump figure out just how this president gig actually works.After winning the election on Tuesday, Trump visited the White House to meet with Obama and formally begin the process of transition. Sources familiar with the meeting told the Wall Street Journal that it quickly became abundantly clear that Trump was completely clueless. Trump and his team didn t even know that they were responsible for staffing the West Wing. The president has concluded that, for the good of the entire country, he is going to have to help his successor try to learn a thing or two.The WSJ reports: During their private White House meeting on Thursday, Mr. Obama walked his successor through the duties of running the country, and Mr. Trump seemed surprised by the scope, said people familiar with the meeting. Trump aides were described by those people as unaware that the entire presidential staff working in the West Wing had to be replaced at the end of Mr. Obama s term. After meeting with Mr. Trump, the only person to be elected president without having held a government or military position, Mr. Obama realized the Republican needs more guidance. He plans to spend more time with his successor than presidents typically do, people familiar with the matter said. To say that Trump is inexperienced is a grave understatement. He and all the people that he has working for him, who are the best people if you remember, couldn t manage to google this shit? But President Obama, being the true leader that he is, has decided that he will take one for the team and spend his last days in office mentoring the buffoon who will take his place. Thanks, Obama.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
3811, Trump Brings Us DANGEROUSLY Close To State-Run Media Before His Administration Is Even Chosen,"Trump has just made his campaign CEO, Steve Bannon, his new chief strategist, and that doesn t bode well for anybody who might hold out some hope that Trump doesn t have fascist tendencies. Bannon is the former CEO of Breitbart News, and Breitbart is positively reveling in Trump s win. They feel it gives them legitimacy, and Bannon s placement gives them unprecedented access to and influence over a presidential administration.The New York Times published a report on this, and Alexander Marlow, Breitbart s editor-in-chief, told them: So much of the media mocked us, laughed at us, called us all sorts of names. And then for us to be seen as integral to the election of a president, despite all of that hatred, is something that we certainly enjoy, and savor. They re thrilled now because they think this makes them legitimate. What they apparently don t see is that people laughed at and dismissed Breitbart because they became an alt-right conspiracy site, as opposed to a legit conservative media site. They want to shape narratives like everyone else, but Bannon s dictatorial rule turned them into just another InfoWars. His placement on the transition team (along with the blowjobs he probably gave Trump in order to get on the campaign) makes this dangerous.It opens a very wide door to a state-run media outlet. Throughout his entire campaign, Trump vilified any media outlet that dared criticize him. He openly and repeatedly claimed to want to open up libel laws so it would be easier to sue outlets for saying bad things about him. He only liked media outlets that gave him favorable coverage, and he wanted to burn any outlet that didn t.Make no mistake, this is a reason to be nervous. State-run media is nothing more than a government s propaganda arm, and Breitbart s newfound fame reaches a lot of people. They re even talking about expanding into Paris, Cairo, and Berlin, according to the Times report.State-run media uses a variety of methods to control information, and one that could become true here very quickly is known as  the big lie.  What is  the big lie?  According to North Korea s media, for instance, it s the idea that there s no poverty and everyone would have laid down their life for their late dictator, Kim Jong Il. The  media  even claimed that people ran into buildings damaged by a munitions explosion to save paintings of Kim before they tried saving their own family members.Who believes that actually happened and that North Korea is so prosperous under the Kims that there s no poverty? Really.Yet, Breitbart already does things like this, too. They ran unsubstantiated rumors about Hillary Clinton s health; they ve claimed the rash of hate crimes since Election Night is  fake,  and they turned their backs on one of their own reporters, Michelle Fields, after Corey Lewandowski grabbed and bruised her.Furthermore, Mike Pence himself tried to start a state-run media outlet in Indiana. He wanted it to compete with Indiana s independent media. They would even  break  stories ahead of everyone else, most likely to shape the narrative before the mainstream media had a crack at it. There s a good chance he d be on board with Breitbart being the administration s own personal propaganda machine.Then there s the liar of liars himself. Trump just lied about The New York Times again after a campaign filled with these lies:@realDonaldTrump @nytimes fact: surge in new subscriptions, print & digital, with trends, stops & starts, 4 X better than normal.  NYTCo Communications (@NYTimesComm) November 13, 2016Breitbart can easily start pushing these lies, too, and anything else they see fit. Kurt Bardella, a former Breitbart spokesman who quit earlier this year, voiced worry over the idea that Breitbart was suddenly so close to the White House: It will be as close as we are ever going to have   hopefully   to a state-run media enterprise. Think it really can t happen, because we re already full of independent journalism along with a Constitutional right to a free press? Think again. The Times floated this small fact in their report: [T]he site s influence on social media, where more and more Americans now consume information, has been palpable. On election night, Breitbart s Facebook page received the fourth-highest number of user interactions on the entire platform   beating Fox News, CNN and The New York Times. If they get big enough and command a large enough audience, other media outlets could fade to irrelevance. It snowballs from there. Of course, The Times says that Breitbart s editor-in-chief totally rejects the idea that they could become Trump s own propaganda mill, which is baloney: Our loyalty is not going to be to Donald Trump; our loyalty is to our readers and to our values. That s regardless of what role Steve has.If Trump runs his administration and honors the voters who voted him in, we re all good. But if he is going to turn his back on those values and principles that drove his voters to the polls, we re going to be highly critical. We re not going to think twice about it. Trump and Bannon can quietly use Breitbart to push whatever they want. They can use its propaganda to counter what the mainstream media is saying, and people will buy it up lock, stock and barrel.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3812, Conservative Shill Tries Telling Van Jones How Black Men Should Behave; It Didn’t Go Well (VIDEO),"Despite the fact that Donald Trump received fewer votes than his opponent, Hillary Clinton, he s the victor from Tuesday s election and his supporters aren t handling it well. The worst have behaved deplorably, with hate crimes on the rise. You ve probably seen the less violent Trump supporters on social media, where they have been smug and sometimes verbally abusive. The takeaway, though, at least to them, is that there is still only one group of voters who matter in this country, and that s the white working class. The rest, according to Trump voters, should just bow down.This was the sort of behavior on display on Sunday s This Week with George Stephanopoulos, where the guests included right-wing shill Mary Matalin and liberal icon Van Jones. Needless to say, Jones didn t let Matalin go far with her condescending and downright insulting whitesplaining.After the election, Jones emotionally called the election what it was,  whitelash.  Here it is:The right, who could have chosen the magnanimous route and addressed Jones  concerns, instead chose to belittle him. Matalin did just that by telling him how, as a successful and educated black man, he should ignore racism and simply tell his fellow African-Americans that they too should bow to the white working class. Here s the transcript and video via Media Matters:MARY MATALIN: Van has, to my mind, retracted your whitelash with what you just said   No, that we have to not focus totally on the toxic stuff   OK, but you should, and if you don t you re wrong. You are not   that s not the path for progressives. We ve all agreed at the outset of this show that the path, which is Ellison s message, you say, is to go back to the rust belt and the rednecks   you re not going to get there with climate change and Putin and all the rest of  JONES: Now listen, I said and stand by it. I said that race was a part and there was a part, that alt-right part, it was a part of a whitelash. If you listened to the whole quote you would agree with what I said, so I don t take that back  MATALIN: I did listen and you said  what do I tell the kids.  What I would tell your kids,  I m a black man in America who went to Yale, who s written books, who served a president and now  JONES: And I m a ninth generation American man and I m the first one in my family born with all my rights. I m a ninth generation American, and so we have not escaped, because I went to Yale, all the problems of this country.Matalin went on to say that Jones should be a racial reconciler, not a polemicist. That s when Jones very politely and very quietly lost it.JONES: You should be ashamed of yourself for attempting to say that to my face. I have spent more time  MATALIN: Would I say it behind your back would be better?JONES: I spent more time than you have trying to be a racial reconciler in this country.MATALIN: Really? How do you know that? Do you know anything about me?JONES: Apparently you don t know anything about me.[ ]Here s the video:Trump voters need to know a few things. First off, only about a quarter of Americans voted for their candidate. Secondly, his election does not give them the moral high ground, and they certainly have not behaved well enough to lecture us on our behavior. Not that they ll listen to me. The implication with Trump s election is that for the next four years, discussions of racism and inequality are off the table. That s frightening. Any progress we ve made over the last several decades will go up in smoke.If Van Jones were any less a man, he probably would have lost his temper, and really, who could blame him. Instead, he handled being whitesplained to with class and elegance. That s so much more than Trump voters have shown him or the rest of us.Featured image via video screen capture. ",0
3813, WATCH: Trump Just Told All The Anti-Gay Bigots And Mike Pence To Go F*ck Themselves,"A whole lot of evangelical Trump voters just discovered they got duped.By picking Mike Pence as his vice-president, Donald Trump sent a message to the LGBT community that their rights are in jeopardy of being rolled back.In fact, one of the reasons why so many conservative  Christians  tossed their alleged  morality  out the window to vote for him was precisely because they believed he would pass a constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage or pack the courts with anti-gay bigots to strike down all the rulings in favor of marriage equality.But during his interview on 60 minutes with Leslie Stahl on Sunday night, Trump once again backed off another campaign promise. Do you support marriage equality?  Stahl asked Trump. It s irrelevant because it s already settled,  Trump replied.  It s law. It was settled in the Supreme Court. I mean, it s done. When Stahl pointed out that Trump s Supreme Court nominees could reverse Obergefell v. Hodges, the case that made same-sex marriage constitutional across the nation, Trump made it clear that he believes it s settled. These cases have gone to the Supreme Court,  Trump said.  They ve been settled. And I m fine with that. Here s the video via Twitter.Donald Trump on marriage equality   60 Minutes pic.twitter.com/ycjm0sY7tv  blake (@CultGaga) November 14, 2016This suggests that Donald Trump has no intention of attacking LGBT rights, however, the LGBT community should continue to watch Trump like a hawk.Of course, this is going to especially disappoint Mike Pence, who has been an anti-gay bigot for decades and signed laws in Indiana designed to discriminate against gay people. It s also going to piss off all the evangelicals who voted for Trump with the expectation that he would be a puppet for their hateful agenda.Hopefully, Trump keeps his word, but he s already broken most of the promises he made to his supporters so it s hard to believe that he won t flip-flop again. For now, we can only watch and enjoy as conservative bigots howl in rage.Featured Image: Indiana Talks",0
3814, Donald Trump’s Racist Plan Is About To Start IMMEDIATELY,"While Donald Trump is back peddling on several of his campaign promises, like the wall, repealing Obamacare, prosecuting Hillary Clinton and his Muslim ban, in an interview on 60 Minutes, Trump vowed that he would immediately institute one of his worst promises. He claimed he ll start deporting undocumented residents right away, but it s  okay  because it s only the criminals. What we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of these people, probably 2 million, it could be even 3 million, we are getting them out of our country or we are going to incarcerate,  Trump told  60 Minutes  correspondent Lesley Stahl, according to a preview of the interview released by CBS.  But we re getting them out of our country. They re here illegally. As for the rest of the undocumented immigrants: After the border is secure and after everything gets normalized, we re going to make a determination on the people that they re talking about   who are terrific people. They re terrific people, but we are gonna make a determination at that,  Trump said.  But before we make that determination it s very important, we are going to secure our border. The Washington Post notes that the Department of Homeland Security, in 2013, said there were about 1.9 million  removable criminal aliens.  That number is not just about people who are here illegally. Many are here lawfully, but have broken the law.Regardless, there are some major civil rights and logistical problems, including how do we figure out exactly who has committed crimes? It s not like they re just sitting in jail.Robert Reich asks this:Out of an estimated population of 11 million undocumented immigrants, how exactly will the government identify these people? Will there be wholesale roundups and interrogations? Anyone who looks Latino stopped and identity checked? Anonymous accusations to government agents of gang membership or drug dealing? And what is the responsibility of the rest of us   including those of us living in  sanctuary cities    to stop such abuses?Despite Trump s assertions that immigrants are criminals and rapists, they, by and large, aren t. Undocumented immigrants, for pretty obvious reasons (they don t want to attract the attention of the law) stay out of trouble. In several studies quoted by the conservative Wall Street Journal, immigrants are less likely to commit crimes and less likely to be locked up for crimes. It s not just well-educated immigrants working in Silicon Valley who stay out of trouble. It s immigrants from Latin American countries as well.Despite the fact that immigrants as criminals is just a red herring, and the real immigration problem is the fact that employers hire undocumented workers, this will put a lot of people s lives in danger. Trump has given his tacit permission for his voters to become vigilante warriors. Hate crimes are already up and Trump has done nothing to denounce them, let alone quell them.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3815, Paul Ryan: There Will Be No Mass Deportations (VIDEO),"Now that Donald Trump has scared and fleeced uneducated, gullible people into giving him the White House, there are many concerns regarding many of his campaign promises   namely the insane so-called  deportation force  that will round people up and ship them from the country. Thanks to the many, many protests regarding Trump s win, it is now up to the leadership of the GOP to clean up Trump s mess, because he is incapable of doing so himself. Therefore, House Speaker Paul Ryan went on CNN s State of the Union to speak to Jake Tapper on Sunday, in which he addressed the promise of mass deportations. Ryan said: We are not planning on erecting a deportation force. Donald Trump is not planning on that. That s not what we re focused on. We re focused on securing the border. We think that s first and foremost, before we get into any other immigration issue. We ve got to know who s coming and going in the country. We ve got to secure the border. Of course, this is not what Trump himself said on the campaign trail. Here is what Trump insisted, via The Hill: You re going to have a deportation force, and you re going to do it humanely, Trump said a year ago. Look, we have to do what we have to do, and Ike did it and other people have done it,  Trump said, referring to President Dwight Eisenhower s policy of deporting 1.5 million people by bus and dropping them off at remote parts of the border.So, whose promise should we trust? Ryan s or Trump s? Considering the lying, sniveling, skeevy nature of today s Republican Party, we must assume the worst   That they are planning on mass deportations, but want people to be caught unaware when they start.These people are truly frightening. Buckle up, folks. It s going to be a long four years.Paul Ryan:  We are not planning on erecting a deportation force  https://t.co/KNeF02vhbv #CNNSOTU https://t.co/skw76OndVK  CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) November 13, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
3816, Trump Names Alt-Right Racist As His Chief Strategist (VIDEO),"If anyone had any deluded designs that Donald Trump wasn t going to stack his staff with racists, they were sadly mistaken. Trump has named Steve Bannon, the guy who runs the alt-right website Breitbart, as his chief strategist. Paul Ryan went on television this morning and tried to say that the Trump Administration and the Republican Party do not condone racism and hate, but all of that just went out the window with this appointment. Here is video of that interaction with CNN s Jake Tapper:[ad3media campaign= 1347 ]The Trump campaign released the following statement regarding Trump s appointments   and of course it doesn t address the fact that Bannon is a bona fide racist:  I am thrilled to have my very successful team continue with me in leading our country. Steve and Reince are highly qualified leaders who worked well together on our campaign and led us to a historic victory. Now I will have them both with me in the White House as we work to make America great again. So, in other words, Trump and his team are in no way concerned about the racist hate crimes that have been cropping up around the country as a result of Trump s getting elected. If the GOP wants the nation and world to think that they are not racists, this is definitely NOT the way to do it. Trump himself is a racist, and Bannon is a huge racist as well.Buckle your seatbelts, folks. There s no way this country isn t going to devolve into a pit of hate with these people running it.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
3817," Trump Supporters Didn’t Vote Because Of The Economy; It Was Racism, And Here’s PROOF","Post election, the media and Donald Trump voters everywhere have been rewriting recent history. They are making the claim that Trump wasn t elected because of racism; he was elected because of the economy. The problem with that argument, though, is that it s simply not true. Trump voters are racist and there s proof.The American National Elections Study (ANES) began the study in January. Initially, they asked  How likely is it that many whites are unable to find a job because employers are hiring minorities instead.  Now, of course, anyone who spends more than five minutes listening to those in minority communities know the answer to that. It s VERY unlikely that whites aren t getting jobs because minorities are, but that s not what Trump voters think. The vast majority said that it s  extremely likely  that minorities are taking jobs from white people.Graph courtesy of ANES and Salon.Then, they asked the same Trump voters about a non-racial issue, trade. Despite the fact that trade was one of Trump s signature issues, their opinions on trade were mixed.Post election, this is what the study found:The question about white jobs is powerfully linked to support for Trump over Clinton. Eighty-four percent of whites who believe it is  extremely likely  that whites can t find a job because employers are hiring people of color instead support Trump, compared with 23 percent of those who think it is  not at all  likely. Among white Democrats, 58 percent who believe people of color are taking jobs support Trump over Clinton, compared with less than 1 percent of those who believe it is not at all likely. Eighty-one percent of white women who think it is  extremely likely  people of color are taking jobs supported Trump, compared with 26 percent who don t think that.More than that, 78 percent of white Trump supporters say black people are  violent.  84 percent think that of Muslims.Unfortunately, Democrats might not be able to just ride out this wave of racism, hoping that eventually, the aging bigots will die off. It turns out their children are just as bad. Sean McElwee, the man who was responsible for publishing the study, suggested this:Democrats must create a narrative that weaves economic, racial and gender justice together. A multiracial coalition is the path to sustained political power and reductions in economic, racial and gender inequality. As I ve shown with political scientist Jason McDaniel, racism often diminishes support for progressive policies. The solution is not to abandon either the white working class or the diverse and rising American electorate that still stands poised to transform the nation.Great idea, if we had a media that reported facts instead of letting bigots  claims go unchallenged.Featured image via Ralph Freso/Getty Images",0
3818, Racist Sign Calls For Lynching Black People To Prevent Them From Getting Equal Rights,"As predicted, Donald Trump s victory on Election Day has emboldened racist conservatives to start harassing and attacking minorities.And it s even happening in the deep blue state of California, where a woman spotted a sign hanging on the side of a building in the town of Pittsburg and snapped a photo of it.Twitter user James Thompson posted the image of the sign on the social media platform after his sister sent it to him.This picture was taken in Pittsburgh California. My sister texted this to me 10 minutes ago.Our democracy is being tested even in California pic.twitter.com/gDLKw54Lox  James Thompson (@JETBallin) November 13, 2016The sign clearly promotes lynching to prevent African-Americans from getting equal rights. You can hang a n****r from a tree / Equal rights he will never see!  it says.The FBI has been notified and local police have filed a lawsuit in an effort to force the owners of the sign to remove it.In the wake of Trump s surprising and depressing victory there has been a rise in the number of racist incidents in this country. In fact, there have been 139 reports of people being bullied by Trump supporters since the election night results.These incidents include the harassment of a Muslim teacher by a student in Georgia, and students designating water fountains  white  or  colored  at a Florida high school.Frankly, there are so many incidents that it s difficult to list them all. You can find a somewhat comprehensive tally here.This is what Trump s America looks like and it s scary. And this has all happend in the course of a few days as Melania Trump continues to tell the media that her focus will be on ending bullying. What exactly does she mean by that? Is she going to call out all bullying, including the racist bullying being perpetrated by her husband s own supporters? Or is she going to ignore those incidents and merely whine about people who criticize her husband. Because right now, she isn t even First Lady yet and her  effort  has failed miserably. And she only has her husband to blame.Featured Image: Twitter",0
3819, WATCH: Kellyanne Conway Goes FULL HYPOCRITE On Fox News While Whining About Anti-Trump Protesters,"This literally made me scream at my television in rage.If there is one person who has been more hypocritical than Donald Trump throughout this election year, it s Kellyanne Conway.Time and time again, she has defended Trump s claims that the election is rigged and supported him when he incited his protesters to threaten violence when he refused to say that he would concede the election if the results didn t go his way.But there Conway was on Fox News on Sunday morning whining to Chris Wallace about anti-Trump protesters and painting Trump as an example of unity.After being asked about outgoing Senator Harry Reid s message that the responsibility for healing the nation rests at Donald Trump s feet because he divided the nation for a year and a half with bigoted and hateful rhetoric, Conway reacted like the total hypocritical bitch she is. I find Harry Reid s public comments and insults about Donald Trump and other Republicans to be beyond the pale. They re incredibly disappointing,  Conway said even though she never said the same thing about Trump when he publicly insulted a long list of people and groups during his campaign. Then she warned Reid that there could be some retaliation. He should be very careful about characterizing somebody in a legal sense. He thinks he being some kind of political pundit there, but I would say be very careful about the way you characterize it. Seriously, this is the kind of bullshit that petty tyrants display when something is said about them that they don t like.And if that weren t enough, Conway actually had the gall to attack the people who are protesting Trump. I m calling for responsibility and maturity,  Conway began despite the fact that her boss never exercised either of those during the election. The hypocrite then complained about being allegedly booed and spit on at the protests and accused the protesters of being at Trump Tower for  nefarious  reasons. You know, because she would be saying the same thing about Trump supporters had they lost the election, right? She then lectured Reid that he  has a platform to do good here,  completely ignoring the irony of her statement. For over a year, Trump has had hundreds of opportunities to use his platform  to do good here  and he squandered it. Instead, he promoted bigotry, incited violence and hate against others and was the complete opposite of a role model for children.Speaking of children, Conway had this infuriating thing to say. I want the children of America to see decency and honor from our leaders and elected officials and they re seeing that in President-elect Trump. Seriously. Conway actually spewed this bullshit.And then she suggested that President Obama has not been a decent and honorable man until this week.Here s the video via YouTube. Try not to punch your computer or smash your phone as your anger rises.Donald Trump and Kellyanne Conway have no right to expect unity when all they did throughout this campaign is divide. They certainly have no right lecturing anyone on the concepts of decency, responsibility, honor, or maturity. Neither of these sorry excuses for a human being ever displayed an ounce of those concepts throughout the last year and a half, nor did they display these concepts at any point during the last eight years. For some reason, people like Conway expect everyone to kiss Donald Trump s ass for the sake of unity but they conveniently forget the utter disrespect and contempt they had for President Obama. They refused to unite behind President Obama and they exercised nothing but immaturity, irresponsibility, indecency, and dishonor from day one. And NOW they expect the opposite for Trump!? Unbelievable.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3820, Megyn Kelly Makes BOMBSHELL Admission About Trump And The Media,"Before the leaked tape of Donald Trump describing his propensity to grab women  by the pussy  to Billy Bush, it seemed that the media was ignoring Donald Trump s glaring faults as a presidential candidate. During the primaries, for example, he received far more positive media coverage than any of his competitors. It turns out there might be a reason for that   Trump was bribing the media   at least that s the accusation being made by Megyn Kelly of Fox News.In her memoire  Settle for More,  which will be released this week, Kelly said that Trump likely received the infamous question, in which she asked about the fact that he has called women  fat pigs, dogs, slobs and disgusting animals.  That question set Trump off on one of his Twitter tirades. These are only a portion:The worst and most controversial of which was this:As the election progressed, it became more and more apparent that Trump expected that no matter how egregious his behavior, he expected, no, demanded that the media kiss his orange ass. If they didn t, he would cut off access, but before that, he tried bribery.While Kelly couldn t speak for other members of the media, she alleges that Trump attempted to buy positive coverage by offering free stays at his hotels, with full perks. While the attempt clearly didn t work on Kelly, she says that with some, their loyalty came cheap, or perhaps not so cheap. This is actually one of the untold stories of the 2016 campaign: I was not the only journalist to whom Trump offered gifts clearly meant to shape coverage,  Kelly said. He also attempted to woo them with praise, she said, adding,  This is smart, because the media is full of people whose egos need stroking. Trump tried to work the refs, and some of the refs responded,  she said.When it became obvious that some reporters were  in the tank  for Trump, she alleges in one chapter,  certain TV hosts  would work with the candidate in advance on occasional Trump criticism so they would appear unbiased. She didn t identify them by name or media outlet.Source: YahooKelly also asserts that the day before the debate in which Kelly asked about Trump s treatment of women, the candidate called Fox News exec. Bill Sammon, who told him about the first question. All we heard about, though, during the election, was that it was Hillary Clinton who was fed a town hall debate question and it was hardly earth shattering. The insider knowledge said that a woman, in the Flint, Michigan debate, would ask a question about the Flint water.While bribing journalists isn t illegal, per say, it is highly unethical. Without the Fourth Estate exposing the underbelly of politicians and of politics, democracy is impossible.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3821, WATCH: Paul Ryan Basically Admits Republicans Will Kill Birth Control Coverage For Women,"Republicans are frothing at the mouth with excitement that Donald Trump could be the rubber stamp president they have been looking for.Paul Ryan has wanted to repeal Obamacare ever since it became law, not because it s a bad law as he and others in the GOP have claimed, but because it s the signature achievement of America s first black president. And they intend to do so no matter how many millions of Americans are harmed.One particular group of women who would be harmed is women.Women benefit from Obamacare because the law prevents insurance companies from labeling them as a pre-existing condition just for being a woman. Women can also keep their children on their insurance plan until they reach the age of 26 and get easier access to birth control, which insurance companies are required to cover.One would think Republicans would be all for this last benefit, especially since better access to contraception prevents unwanted pregnancies, therefore reducing the abortion rate.But during an interview with CNN s Jake Tapper, the current Speaker of the House literally refused to confirm whether or not the birth control mandate in Obamacare is safe. I m not going to get into all the little nitty-gritty details of these things,  Ryan said, which drew a sharp rebuke from Tapper. With all due respect,  Tapper began.  I don t know that the average woman of childbearing years out there who relies upon contraception provided by health insurance mandated by the Affordable Care Act, I don t know that she would think that that s just a nitty-gritty detail. Ryan responded by whining. You re asking me details about legislation that hasn t been written yet!  Ryan complained.  I m not going to get into hypotheticals about legislation that hasn t even been drafted. Here s the video via YouTube:In other words, Paul Ryan basically just admitted that Republicans will kill the Obamacare birth control mandate. He s just too much of a coward to say so because he knows women will be pissed off.Women should be able to have just as much access to birth control as men do. Men should not be allowed to legislate what women are allowed to do with their bodies, and that includes the decision to use contraception. But as usual, Republicans intend to wage war on women unlike anything we ve ever seen before.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3822," SNL Usually Makes Us Laugh, Tonight They Made Us Cry And Hope For The Future (VIDEO)","Saturday Night Live is known for the laughs they give us and they sure gave us plenty when it came to the 2016 election. This week, there wasn t much to laugh about. I wasn t sure how SNL would approach the current state of affairs tonight, but they did so much more than I could have hoped. Instead of making us laugh, they made us cry. And after making us sob, they made us hope for the future.In tonight s cold opening, Kate McKinnon once again appeared as Hillary Clinton in her trademark white pantsuit. Alone on the stage, McKinnon sat at a grand piano and sang Hallelujah. The words of the song and the haunting melody made it all but impossible not to shed a tear. But then, she reminded us not to give up hope and to continue fighting the good fight to make the future a better place for everyone.This is a tough time for people of color, for women, for the LGBTQ community, for Muslims, and for all of America. However, we cannot go gentle into that good night. We must continue to rage against the bigotry and hatred that threaten to consume us. So go ahead and cry tonight. Sob uncontrollably. But tomorrow, wake up and fight like hell.Watch SNL s cold opening here. See if you can make it through with a dry eye. I m doubting that you can.[ad3media campaign= 1343 ]Featured image via video screen capture",0
3823, Trump’s Inner Circle Is Busily Making Revenge A Top Priority,"This is truly a sad group of people we ve put in charge of the country. Trump himself doesn t want to work and seems to be actively avoiding it, his transition team is in chaos, and now, some of his inner circle are reportedly talking about getting revenge on Republicans who opposed him during the election.This is despite the fact that many of those Republicans are now saying that they look forward to working with him. To be sure, it s not uncommon for incoming administrations to subtly reward loyalty and just as subtly punish opposition. However, these people (probably because they re tied to Trump, who would expect no less) are being far more blatant about it: The source suggested that Trump s political operation would steer business away from Republicans who were involved in the #NeverTrump effort to block Trump from the GOP nomination. Denying opponents and critics positions within the administration is one thing. This is something entirely different. This has shades of actually trying to ruin some of the Republicans that had enough of a brain and a conscience to refuse to support Trump.And, as Trumpkins are suddenly so fond of saying, the election is over, he won, so move the fuck on. Except the Republicans who opposed Trump and  went over the line  in their opposition can now either work with Trump or basically, put up and shut up. They aren t likely to get very far in continuing to stand against him the way they did during the election cycle.This is as opposed to all the people who are legitimately frightened by the idea of a racist president who appeals to Christian bigots and white supremacists and thinks sexually assaulting women is okay. We won t be getting over it anytime soon because we re afraid, and with good reason.Trying to ruin Republicans by steering business and what-not away from them isn t the only thing they re discussing, though. There s also this: [T]he website seen as the unofficial news organ of Trump World, Breitbart News   which was co-founded by Trump s campaign chairman and possible White House chief of staff Steve Bannon   has signaled that it intends to continue its crusade against House Speaker Paul Ryan. Anybody who thinks that Bannon doesn t have anything to do with Breitbart s vendetta has another thing coming. Bannon regularly referred to Ryan as  the enemy  there, and personally made it Breitbart s mission to destroy him. The publication has gone at that task with glee and will continue to do so.Ryan, for his part, was full of praise for Trump on Election Night. He also believes their initial meeting went well. It may well have, and Ryan is probably clueless about any talk of destroying him. Or he doesn t believe Trump is directly involved, or that such efforts will even succeed.Whether there s a chance for success or not, this is scary, and it actually sounds exactly like Trump. All through the election, he felt getting revenge on people who slighted him was more important than actually running for President. So now, we ve got a man and his inner circle in the White House who seem to believe that revenge is more important than actually building an administration.Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
3824, Trump Wants To Spend Most Of His Term Going On Vacation And Playing Golf,"Since Republicans had such a problem with President Obama going on vacation and playing golf, they ll be totally opposed to Donald Trump doing even more of both, right?Because while President Obama and his family moved into the White House and took less vacation time than any Republican president in the last 40 years, it looks like Trump wants to spend much of his term playing golf or relaxing at his gold-plated apartment in Trump Tower.According to The New York Times,Mr. Trump, a homebody who often flew several hours late at night during the campaign so he could wake up in his own bed in Trump Tower, is talking with his advisers about how many nights a week he will spend in the White House. He has told them he would like to do what he is used to, which is spending time in New York when he can.The questions reflect what Mr. Trump s advisers described as the president-elect s coming to grips with the fact that his life is about to change radically. They say that Mr. Trump, who was shocked when he won the election, might spend most of the week in Washington, much like members of Congress, and return to Trump Tower or his golf course in Bedminster, N.J., or his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach on weekends.In other words, Trump isn t interested in being president full-time. He wants to vacation and golf. And if he gets the schedule he wants, he would end up spending 416 days away from Washington over the course of four years. Far MORE days than the 217 days President Obama spent on vacation in eight years.And that s not even counting official vacations Trump will likely take.Furthermore, if Trump plays one round of golf every weekend, he will play more golf in two years than President Obama played during his whole first term.So while Trump is away, it s likely the responsibility of governing will be left to his advisers and cabinet members.If Donald Trump is serious about governing, he should be in Washington full-time. Also, he should never take a vacation or play a single round of golf during his term because for years, Trump and his supporters bitched every time President Obama left the White House for just about any little thing. And they definitely despised him for playing golf. Doing either of these things would make Trump a hypocrite, especially since he could end up doing more of it over four years than Obama did in eight.Featured Image: Ian MacNicol/Getty Images",0
3825," STUPID Trump Fans Think He Won The Popular Vote, But He Lost By A HUGE Margin (TWEETS)","As we unfortunately learned during the presidential campaign, Donald Trump s biggest fans love to tell themselves HUGE lies, and then they pass those lies back and forth to each other and actually believe them, no matter how insane those lies happen to be.The biggest one to hit since Election Day is the complete and utter lie that Trump won the popular vote in addition to his electoral college win. Check out some of the Trump supporters who are fooling themselves:Final #Election2016 Results By Numbers:-  #PopularVote #electoralvotes pic.twitter.com/uKZevQvPfK  Michael (@Koxinga8) November 12, 2016Final #Election2016 numbers #PopularVote:#Trump: 62,972,226 #Clinton: 62,277,750 #ElectoralCollege vote #Trump 306 #Clinton 232  Lucid Hurricane  (@LucidHuricane) November 12, 2016Trump won the popular vote too. Now the liberals have nothing to cry about (they will anyways.) #TrumpRiotsDonate @ https://t.co/AGuHKH0S7K pic.twitter.com/71eIwMjtOA  Bikers 4 Trump (@Bikers4Trump) November 12, 2016Sorry libs! Trump just won the popular vote and the electoral vote after the recounts! https://t.co/vKIev9ltmx #TrumpRiots #TrumpRevolution pic.twitter.com/LIytjEQ6BB  Lori Hendry (@Lrihendry) November 12, 2016But in reality, despite losing the electoral college, Hillary Clinton will have a substantial popular vote win over Trump when all the votes are eventually counted.Hillary Clinton not only won the popular vote in Tuesday s election. It is now clear that she won it by a margin larger than two candidates who went on to win the presidency.David Leonhardt, a columnist for The New York Times, noted on Friday that with a 1.7-percentage-point popular vote lead over Donald Trump,Clinton will have a larger margin of victory than Richard Nixon had over Hubert Humphrey in 1968 or John F. Kennedy had over Nixon in 1960. (Her edge is also larger than Al Gore s popular vote victory over George W. Bush in 2000, though he too was stymied by an electoral college loss.)In raw numbers, that amounts to an edge of roughly 1.8 million votes as of Saturday.The election is decided by the electoral college, not the popular vote, so Trump will be sworn in to the presidency. But it s telling that even in victory, Trump s supporters must lie to themselves and each other with these completely made up stories. It shows that, despite the claim that the left is in a  bubble  on the coasts, the Trump supporters are the ones who have sealed themselves off from the real world where 2 is always bigger than 1.Featured image via Flickr",0
3826, Hillary Reveals The ONE Person Who Made Her Lose… And It Isn’t Trump,"Hillary Clinton is speaking up after her election loss and coming forward with the facts on what contributed to the results. Despite the mainstream media s claims to the contrary, she points the finger at the extraordinary decision by FBI Director James Comey to interfere in the middle of the race. Just as we were back up on the upward trajectory, the second letter from Comey essentially doing what we knew it would saying there was no there there was a real motivator for Trump s voters,  Clinton said. Essentially, the second Comey letter played right into Trump s hands by giving new suspicions to those who believed the Washington establishment was helping Clinton win and pushed a surge in turnout.  Trump spent the last four days of this campaign engaged in a nonstop attack on me personally, and the result is the result,  Clinton said.The former presidential candidate also said she is  concerned  and  deeply saddened  for those who say they are living in fear in the United States after Trump s election.The decision by Comey was blasted by Democrats, and even some Republicans, as it gave the appearance that Clinton was still involved in wrongdoing, even though she had been previously cleared. It also fed into the mainstream media s obsession with Clinton s emails, which they covered more than nearly any other issue during the election.By contrast, Trump s refusal to release his tax returns hardly merited coverage, by comparison, nor did the shady dealings of his personal charity, the Trump Foundation.The press, in concert with the FBI and the right wing, weighed in on the election all against one candidate. While the right makes claims about  liberal media  bias, it is clear time and time again that they are weighing in on the behalf of the Republican side of the aisle and not the other.Featured image via Flickr",0
3827, REPORT: Civil Rights Groups Say Voter Suppression Is Responsible For Trump’s Win,"In the wake of election day and Donald Trump s win, many Americans have been left scratching their heads and wondering just what the heck happened. According to a report by McClatchy, some civil rights groups say that voter suppression is what happened.Kristen Clarke, the president and executive director of the Lawyers  Committee for Civil Rights Under Law, said that in hindsight,  we will find that voter suppression figured prominently in the story surrounding the 2016 presidential election. While voter suppression is hardly the only factor that brought us to this point, as McClatchy explains, it did play an important role. Fourteen states had restrictive new voting laws on the books for the first time in a presidential election this year, according to the Brennan Center for Justice at NYU School of Law: Alabama, Arizona, Indiana, Kansas, Mississippi, Nebraska, New Hampshire, Ohio, Rhode Island, South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and Wisconsin.The laws included a mix of photo ID requirements for voters, cuts to early voting opportunities and curbs on voter registration activity. These laws began to spread across the country after the midterm elections of 2010, supposedly to protect against voter fraud, which is virtually nonexistent by the way.The Brennan Center reports that  10 states have imposed stricter voter ID laws, seven made registration more difficult, six have cut early voting opportunities and three have made it harder to restore voting rights to people with criminal convictions.  The center explains that these laws, which have been fueled by race and partisanship, disproportionately affect minorities, the poor, and younger voters; all groups who tend to lean to the left.Clarke said on Thursday that systemic barriers weren t the only obstacles voters faced this year. Long lines at polling places, voters whose names were missing from registration lists, a lack of assistance for non-English speaking voters, and  poll workers who requested strict photo ID in states where no such ID was required  also made it much harder to cast a ballot than it should have been.Wade Henderson, the president of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, said that groups monitoring the election  have documented beyond any doubt that voter suppression and a conscious effort to shave off 1 or 2 percent of the vote in key states, in all likelihood, influenced the outcome of this election. Activists also voiced concerns about purges of  inactive  voters from registration rolls in numerous states and a drastic reduction in polling places across the country.A report by the leadership conference found that voting locations were reduced in about 43 percent   or 165   of 381 counties that were previously covered by Section 5 of the Voting Rights Act. The result: There were 868 fewer sites in which to cast a ballot in those jurisdictions with histories of discriminatory voting practices.It is worth noting that many of these laws were only able to be enacted because of the gutting of the Voting Rights Act. While voter suppression is hardly the only factor responsible for Trump s win, it very well may have been what tipped the scales in his favor.Featured image via Sandbox News",0
3828, Unhinged Ann Coulter Blames ‘Fat Girls’ For Trump Protests,"While this election was undeniably (from one side) meaner and more divisive than perhaps ever before, most elections do become mean and divisive, but the winning party usually calls for unity while the losing party licks its wounds.Non-Trump voting Americans are licking their wounds in their constitutionally (for now) protected way, by protesting. The media, of course, generally only reports on the worst of the protesters, while less attention has been paid to the rising violence and hate crimes from Trump supporters.Trump had this to say about the protests:Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 11, 2016One Trump supporter (and perhaps the worst person in the entire f*cking world) has strong opinions about the protests. Instead of blaming them on the usual suspects, like those who have darker skin, Ann Coulter is blaming the protests on  fat girls.  Yes, really.Without fat girls, there would be no protests. pic.twitter.com/Qmd7XE0CJC  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) November 10, 2016I guess marching around waving signs is some exercise, but they also need Atkins. pic.twitter.com/ZmQ62nh44n  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) November 10, 2016Fortunately, sanity prevailed, even on Coulter s Twitter feed:. @AnnCoulter My jaw is dropped. HOW ARE YOU THAT EVIL/MEAN/RUDE? May you never have a daughter or even be around children.  alison becker (@thealisonbecker) November 11, 2016@Kengine @AnnCoulter I don t support attacking her looks either, just so know evil as she may be. AND SHE IS EVIL.  alison becker (@thealisonbecker) November 11, 2016@AnnCoulter WOW this tweet. It must be misery living inside your skin.  mariannegarvey (@garveyshuffle) November 11, 2016@MELANIATRUMP looks like your cyber bullying campaign needs to begin NOW @AnnCoulter  Sarah Solemani (@Solemani) November 11, 2016@AnnCoulter are you kidding me? What kind of hateful woman are you? Fat shaming people for voicing their opinions. Shame on you.  Plastic Martyr (@plasticmartyr) November 11, 2016Trump s basket of deplorable supporters came out in full force to defend their evil queen:@AnnCoulter pic.twitter.com/2VKNYZsNVp  ((( )))ZEALOT (@duchess1201) November 10, 2016@AnnCoulter @AlbionAwakes fearful of a trump presidency we may have to grow up & get jobs ?  Mr. Big (@gaptooth28) November 10, 2016@gaptooth28 @AlbionAwakes @AnnCoulter JOBS is a four letter word to these people. The Rust Belt wants them but these yahoos forget it  UN-Deplorable AB (@on_the_gulf_2) November 10, 2016Trump supporters, listen up, you won. We admit it. We (for the most part) aren t claiming the election was rigged (unless you count the FBI and WikiLeaks), but win in grace you a**holes, not that Trump supporters and especially Coulter have any idea what grace is.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3829, One HUGE Way Liberals Are Already Fighting Back Against Trump,"While they are sad and in understandable despair, liberals are not simply sitting shell-shocked over the election of Donald Trump to the presidency. Very aware of the danger the newly elected Republican government will mean for vulnerable citizens, liberals are rushing to the defense of key organizations that have been targeted by Republicans.Few groups have been the subject of Republican and conservative attacks like Planned Parenthood has, and now liberals are letting them know they ve got their backs.Since the election, the Planned Parenthood Federation of America said it has received nearly 80,000 new donations nationwide, although it did not disclose the money amount.Planned Parenthood of Illinois said online appointments for long-acting contraceptives like IUDs, or intrauterine devices, rose nearly 50 percent in the past two days compared to the same period last week. It said it plans to increase the number of available appointments to meet demand. We have been overwhelmed by community members making donations and contacting us to offer to volunteer and provide support,  said Sarah Wheat, spokeswoman for Planned Parenthood of Greater Texas, where successive Republican governors have cut funding to the organization.Republicans have gone after Planned Parenthood because they provide birth control and abortion access to women, regardless of income. The right has gone after them with hoax videos designed to implicate the group in criminal acts, brought its leaders before congress in order to berate them without cause, and voted over and over and over to cut federal funding.President Obama and congressional Democrats have repeatedly pushed back against the Republican onslaught, but many of the measures they have put in place have been weakened by sustained Republican obstruction over the last eight years. Many of these protections can be undone by a Trump presidency, and while Trump himself has not strongly pushed on the abortion issue, many Republicans will be looking to him in to attack women s health.Featured image via Flickr",0
3830, Michael Moore LAYS WASTE To Anyone Who Says They Are ‘Christian’ Yet Supports Trump’s Bigotry,"If you claim to be a  Christian  but support Donald Trump and all the hate and bigotry he embodies, you re a hypocrite.And that s exactly what Michael Moore told Joy Reid during her Saturday morning show on MSNBC.Ever since Trump won the election on Tuesday night his deplorable supporters have been terrorizing minorities and women across the country, causing fear and panic in communities to the point that a movement has begun in which people wear safety pins to signify to others that they are safe to be near.But Moore believes more has to be done, particularly by white people. White people, no matter how painful, have a responsibility to reject anybody who stands in front of a camera who spews racism. Who spews sexism, misogyny. Who brags about being a sexual predator. I don t care what your race is, but especially if you re white. Because that means that you belong to the race that s been in power forever. This a country that was founded on genocide and built on the backs of slaves. So you have a special responsibility as a white person to always object to anybody who uses racism, who spews this hatred. Moore the wondered how white Americans will feel when they wake up one morning and realize that they ve been shitty human beings because they did nothing when they had a chance to stand against the hate. And that led to Moore calling out white people who call themselves  Christian. And do not call yourself a Christian if you are not willing, literally, to put your body in front of whoever is coming to hurt the other   the people who are not you. Here s the video via Twitter.MMFlint on the special responsibility he says white people have during #DonaldTrump presidency #AMJoy https://t.co/Ih87pHq8AB  AM Joy w/Joy Reid (@amjoyshow) November 12, 2016Moore is absolutely right. Because of Trump, the responsibility falls on white people to stand up against the racism, sexism, bigotry, and hate that he has incited against any American who isn t white or Christian. So whenever we see these behaviors we need to be brave and take a stand because being silent isn t an option.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3831, The Guy Trump Wants In Charge Of The Environment LITERALLY Hates Puppies,"As we are watching names being floated as part of Donald Trump s cabinet, it seems our greatest nightmares are beginning to unfold. The names being bandied about include Rudy Giuliani, who s never met a young black man he didn t think was a criminal, Jamie Dimon, the head of JPMorgan Chase and of crashing the economy fame, a Goldman Sachs exec, Sarah Palin and now, a puppy hater. Yes, a puppy hater.According to Politico, the top name for the Secretary of the Interior (the person in charge of the national parks and other public lands) is an oilman named Forrest Lucas. The San Francisco Gate also notes that other contenders include Sarah Palin, Arizona Governor Jan Brewer and Donald Trump Jr., who loves to trophy hunt.All of those picks would be disastrous for the environment, but Lucas is in a league of his own. He s the 74-year-old founder of Lucas Oil Products. He s also hated by animal rights activists. The victims of his financial attacks include the Humane Society, The Society for Prevention of Cruelty to Animals and People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals. He s also a fan of puppy mills.He has defended puppy mills, circuses, animal agriculture and trophy hunting. A nonprofit that he founded and bankrolled produced the feature film  The Dog Lover,  which portrays dog breeders and puppy mills as victims of animal-rights agencies  who aren t REALLY interested in animal welfare. A review of the movie on Roger Ebert s website called it  shamelessly manipulative  and  a pretty bald piece of anti-SPCA and/or PETA propaganda. This is what the Humane Society says about Lucas:In 2010, Forrest Lucas spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to bankroll the opposition to Proposition B in Missouri, which voters approved to set common-sense standards for the care of dogs in large-scale commercial breeding operations (their statement against Prop B can be found here). Lucas then supported an effort in the Missouri legislature to weaken and repeal parts of the voter-approved measure, before it even had a chance to take effect.In 2012, Forrest Lucas spent more than a quarter-million dollars opposing Measure 5 in North Dakota, which sought to establish felony-level penalties for malicious cruelty to dogs, cats and horses.In 2013, Protect the Harvest lobbied against a local ordinance in Harrison County, Indiana, to promote the spaying and neutering of pets and help reduce pet overpopulation, and in Crawford County, Indiana, to provide adequate shelter for dogs and protect them from the elements.Trump has made his views on regulation very clear. Trump, to our knowledge, has never had a pet. That may or may not be a big deal to you, but he once posted a press release that complained about regulations that protect the safety of dog food.It s becoming increasingly clear that Donald Trump only cares about protecting his fortune and the fortunes of his ilk. He won t care if people lose health insurance or if seniors lose Social Security. He won t care if the nation loses its precious public lands or if the environment goes to hell. Trump ran for president for Trump. Humans, dogs, plants and other animals can get screwed.Featured image via Lucas Oil propaganda video screen capture",0
3832, Trump Has Already Made Us The World’s Punch Line In A NAUSEATING Way,"Trump s biggest champion on the other side of the pond,  Mr. Brexit  himself, made a joke about Trump that s just a taste of how much the world is already laughing at us for electing him. Nigel Farage is reportedly meeting with Trump at some point very soon, but before he does that, he decided to go there: Don t touch her, for God s sake! Of course, he s referring to the Access Hollywood tape where Trump bragged about kissing women without their permission, and boasted that his star power allows him to do anything he wants, even  grab them by the pussy.  That tape should have sunk his candidacy and probably would have in every other civilized nation. It didn t here, the world got a huge shock, and now the world sees just how ridiculous we really can be.If that weren t true, Farage wouldn t have made that joke in a radio interview earlier this week. He wants to be the go-between for Trump and Theresa May, the U.K. s new prime minister, although he d really like to be Trump s ambassador to the E.U. (what could possibly go wrong there?). Don t touch her,  isn t all Farage said. He went on with: If it comes to it, I could be there as the responsible adult role, to make sure everything s OK. Oh holy hell. Farage has already been branded as the U.K. s Donald Trump, but this is ridiculous. A national leader joking about the sexual assault another national leader committed? Joking about playing the  responsible adult  when Trump meets with Theresa May (or maybe any other female leader)?We just threw up a little in our mouths.What Farage did, besides help Trump solidify our position as the world s biggest punch line, is marginalize and objectify his own prime minister. But that doesn t matter, because of course it doesn t. If there s any doubt, though, that the world is starting to whisper, cast furtive glances, chuckle, and then burst out with pointing and loud guffawing, it s this snippet from The Guardian: Farage could literally curl up on Trump s lap to stop him assaulting female premiers. If they widened his frottage-combating duties it could be a fulltime job   Trump will be in the presence of many females a day, and you have to remember he is a man whose sole, frequently stated reason for not coming on to his own daughter is the fact they re related. So Farage could be kept in the Oval Office as an anti-grope Jeeves. Congratulations, Trumpkins. One of the things you claimed Obama had done has now come true for real, and Trump hasn t even taken office yet.Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images",0
3833, HBO’s ‘Silicon Valley’ Stars Harassed By Trump Supporters In Los Angeles Bar (TWEETS),"After the election of Donald Trump, albeit not the popular vote by a long shot, many bigots everywhere are taking this as their cue to be as awful as possible. That somehow, just because a racist and misogynist got elected, that is their permission slip to verbally, or worse, physically assault people.It also looks that even liberal safe havens such as Los Angeles aren t even immune to this sort of bigotry that now seems justified to some.HBO s  Silicon Valley  stars Kumail Nanjiani and Thomas Middleditch were out at a bar in Silverlake, which is predominantly full of young liberal hipsters, and were approached by two men using white supremacist terminology.Nanjiani is Pakistani-American, and these two men apparently thought they could harass him and who he was with. Was it because of the color of his skin? Or was it just because they re actors who stood against Trump? Really, who s to know, but I bet most of us can take a wild guess.Here s Nanjiani s thread explaining the altercation with Middleditch chiming in:Was at a bar last night with @Middleditch. At the end of the night, 2 white dudes, 20's, who'd been there for hours came up to us.  Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) November 12, 2016""We're big fans of you guys. (To Thomas) I trolled you on twitter yesterday."" He goes on to say how we're wrong about Trump.  Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) November 12, 2016I go ""Hey we don't wanna discuss politics right now."" His friends goes ""oh they're cucks."" Then starts yelling at us. ""CUCKS CUCKS CUCKS!""  Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) November 12, 2016Btw, ""cuck"" is an Alt Right term. Look it up, it's not positive.  Thomas Middleditch (@Middleditch) November 12, 2016He starts getting in my face. Thomas puts his hand on the dude's chest to stop him. ""Don't touch me you cuck. Wanna go outside?""  Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) November 12, 2016At this point, the bouncer runs over, grabs them, kicks them out. The bartender is awesome & apologetic. Thomas & I are stunned.  Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) November 12, 2016This happened at a bar in LA surrounded by ppl. I can't imagine what it must be like to be someone who looks like me in other parts.  Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) November 12, 2016.@Tallarico @Thesixler @kumailn This was in Silver Lake. Gentrification central. Unbelievable.  Thomas Middleditch (@Middleditch) November 12, 2016@Pidgejen Just expected it somewhere else. I could've worded it better. Thought Silver Lake was full of peaceful hipsters.  Thomas Middleditch (@Middleditch) November 12, 2016We can't let hate/racism/bigotry/sexism be normalized. If something happens, be safe, but let it be known we won't stand for this.  Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) November 12, 2016.@kumailn Yes! Either you agreed with the sketchy rhetoric or you turned a blind eye to it. Bad news either way.  Thomas Middleditch (@Middleditch) November 12, 2016We thought Internet would give us access to ppl w different points of view. Instead it gives us access to many ppl w the same point of view.  Kumail Nanjiani (@kumailn) November 12, 2016This can t be the America we live in. We need to stand up against hate where it stands and not allow these hateful individuals to think they can be as horrendous as they want. Not today. Not ever.Featured Photo by Alberto E. Rodriguez/Getty Images",0
3834, CHAOS In Washington As Trump Avoids Real Work And His Transition Team Eats Itself Alive,"A mere four days after Trump got exactly what he claimed he wanted, his transition team is plagued with infighting, shake-ups and general chaos, just like his campaign. Chris Christie was heading up the transition team, but now that job has gone to Mike Pence. There s also little evidence that Trump himself is even working all that much.He couldn t run a campaign, now he can t run his transition team, so how can anybody expect him to run a country? Already, reports are coming out that he s hinting he d rather stay in his gilded castle at the top of Trump Tower, or down at Mar-a-Lago in Florida. Trump s terror at the drastic change his life is about to undergo, along with his general incompetence at, well, pretty much everything, mean he could easily become an absentee president.Those reports are also alleging that Trump wants to spend a lot of time doing exactly what he did on the campaign trail: Holding huge rallies. He needs the applause. He needs the adoration. He needs to be seen and heralded and worshiped like the god he s not. Some are trying to spin this as a good thing: I think Trump has discovered that these rallies are tremendous opportunities for him to get his message out,  said Christopher Ruddy, chief executive of Newsmax Media, a conservative website.  It s actually sort of old-fashioned, that you want to actually meet people and press the flesh with him. We re sure that s the reason. What about the actual work of being president, though? That s possibly not even on his radar right now.He s already an absentee president-elect   the only contact he s had with his transition team has been through Christie. Fissures are appearing between New Yorkers who worked on the campaign and think of themselves as outsiders and Washington team-builders who ve been quietly laying the groundwork for an actual administration.The New Yorkers view those people as nothing more than pencil-pushers, while the Washington group views the New Yorkers as interlopers.There s a rift emerging between Corey Lewandowski and Reince Priebus over who s going to head the RNC. Lewandowski s allies also see Priebus, who s up for White House Chief of Staff, as the very establishment insider they supposedly don t want.Social and fiscal conservatives from places like The Heritage Foundation find themselves annoyed with Chris Christie and his allies, whom they view as not conservative enough to even be there.Then there are his kids, who are playing pivotal roles in the transition and raising eyebrows about how they re going to manage a blind trust while working directly with or even leading the transition team and administration. Their involvement with the transition is creating some serious problems: That s a fight you can t win,  one of the people said.  The Christie people are from New Jersey, they act like they re in charge, and Jared Kushner is like,  You re not really in charge.' Trump has praised some of his closest allies from the campaign, but the transition is shaping up to look like his campaign. Actually, it will be multiplied by about a billion since this team is responsible for several thousand hires and placements within the administration, and Trump can t run a bare-bones administration while still doing whatever he wants.And Trump has quietly retreated, like he always does, seemingly under the assumption that since he s the boss, he just has to stand around, look pretty, and listen to the loudly cheering crowds, and doesn t have to be around and actually do any real work.Featured image by Zach Gibson via Getty Images",0
3835," Michelle Obama Poses In A Pretty Dress, So Racist Conservatives Call Her A ‘Monkey’ (SCREENSHOTS)","Trump fans may have won the election, but they aren t taking a break from expressing their racist hatred of Michelle Obama. The Donald s Deplorables were out in force after the First Lady posed for the cover of Vogue. I could have spent eight years doing anything, and at some level, it would have been fine,  Obama told the magazine.  I could have focused on flowers. I could have focused on decor. I could have focused on entertainment. Because any first lady, rightfully, gets to define her role. There s no legislative authority; you re not elected. And that s a wonderful gift of freedom. In exercising her freedom, Michelle Obama has done quite a bit to push education, healthy eating, and support for our veterans   and in exercising their freedom, the Right has responded with nothing but hate. The reaction to the First Lady appearing in elegant clothing was typical. Readers of Yahoo News showered Obama with racist remarks, calling her an  ape  and a  monkey  and even wishing death upon her for the horrific crime of wearing pretty clothes.            If you thought this behavior would stop after the election, you were wrong. Trump fans are not done by a long shot   and now they have been emboldened by America electing its first official KKK candidate.It will get worse before it gets better.Featured image via Vogue/screengrabs",0
3836, Trump Is Already Creating A STRIKING Double Standard With Requirements For His Administration,"One of the major issues of the 2016 campaign was Trump s taxes, and the reason everyone made such a big deal of it was the fact that, except for a financial disclosure that was about as vague as possible, he was being as opaque as he could. It s hard to trust someone who s that opaque. For applicants for his transition team and administration? They have to be transparent about it, which reveals massive double standards on Trump s part.The transition team s website, GreatAgain.gov, says: Financial holdings and sources of income must be disclosed. Any conflicts must be remedied by divestiture, the creation of special trusts, and other actions. Okay, so they can do that with financial disclosures rather than their tax returns. In fact, they ll be required to file those financial disclosures. But then there s this, which is where Trump s hypocrisy comes in: You will be asked about possible conflicts of interest deriving from your sources of income; all aspects of your personal and professional life, including organization [sic] which you belong or once belonged; speeches you may have given and books, articles and editorials you may have written; legal, administrative and regulatory proceedings to which you may have been a party; in short, anything that might embarrass the President or you if he should choose you for a position in his administration. This refers, in part, to the SF-86, which is required for anyone in order to gain a security clearance. The kicker is this: Even knowing that these job candidates have to give out sensitive and detailed information about their lives, it shows that Trump is applying a different set of standards to himself than those by which his workforce must abide.Trump gets away with being opaque to everyone and probably pats himself on the back for it, and can continue to be so while his candidates will have to be forthcoming and detailed. He can even continue to lie about things that are important to gain the public s trust. His candidates?Nope.The SF-86 is ridiculously thorough, and it s an ungodly pain in the ass to fill out because of that, even through the online e-Qip system. It asks for a lot of financial information (along with just about everything else that was ever in your life) including bankruptcies, tax liens, repossessions, judgments entered against you, and more. A lot of this is information that Trump has flatly lied about, denied, or downplayed. His candidates don t have that luxury.Information provided on the SF-86 is covered under the Privacy Act, so his candidates  info will not be made public, even through a FOIA request. Someone handling those forms and investigations would have to get stupid in order for that info to be made public.The double standard remains, though. Trump is a hypocrite who is already making it clear that he won t live or govern by the same standards that everyone else must live and/or govern. That s absurd.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3837, Trump Reverses Himself On Obamacare And Conservatives Throw A Temper Tantrum,"Well, well, well, look what we have here.During his meeting with President Obama, Donald Trump apparently was convinced that repealing Obamacare is probably not a good idea after all.According to the Wall Street Journal, Trump told reporters after the meeting that he may just simply  amend  Obama s signature healthcare law and said he would consider suggestions the president made during their discussion. Either Obamacare will be amended, or repealed and replaced,  Trump said.  I told him I will look at his suggestions, and out of respect, I will do that. It s not a guarantee, but it s definitely a reversal from he has been telling his supporters throughout his campaign for the last year and a half.Republicans have been trying to destroy the healthcare law for years and even shut the government down in protest of the law. They were hoping Donald Trump would be a rubber stamp to their agenda and now it turns out President Obama may have reasoned with Trump. And considering over 100,000 Americans have signed up for an Obamacare health plan already this year and repealing the law could seriously hurt millions of Americans, including conservatives, it looks like Trump has changed his tune on a core campaign promise.And of course, his supporters are already starting to throw a hissy fit about it.@thehill KEEP YOUR PROMISE AND REPEAL IT DON T SELL US OUT BEFORE YOU ARE SOWRN IN KEEP YOUR WORD &DON T LET US DOWN  ERNIE (@GRANDPASOF) November 11, 2016@thehill watch it! This is not why I voted for you. You said  repeal and replace . Hell, Hillary was going to  keep parts of obamacare  Suzy Z (@suzyq10867) November 11, 2016@WSJ wrong   wrong   wrong   wrong   it must be totally repealed  Mr Dane A Wolfe (@MrDaneAWolfe) November 11, 2016 @WSJ: Donald Trump willing to keep parts of health law https://t.co/rlRKQLrTgD What? We haven t heard that from Trump yet. Maybe 1-5% OK.  Deplorable Highlandr (@Incogneato76) November 11, 2016@WSJ hahahahaha not even sworn in yet and backing off one of the most fucked up laws in the books Obamacare sucks and needs to end !  Jeff Berghuis (@JeffS_Berghuis) November 11, 2016Whether Trump actually keeps or repeals Obamacare is yet to be seen. But it s entertaining watching his supporters lose what s left of their minds whining about being lied to by a known liar.Featured Image: Pete Souza",0
3838, Top First Amendment Lawyer Makes MIND-BLOWING Suggestion To Media: Sue Trump (TWEET),"The election of reality television star Donald Trump has people all over the world responding in various ways. Some of us are in total shock, despair and disbelief, and some of us are finding creative ways to resist this presidency. First Amendment lawyer Floyd Abrams is amongst those raising eyebrows with an unprecedented suggestion for Americans.On Wednesday night, during a dinner hosted by the Media Law Resource Center, the top lawyer made a suggestion that shocked everyone. First, he called Trump  the greatest threat to the First Amendment since the passage of the Sedition Act of 1798.  And then he surprised everyone again when he suggested that reporters should think about suing Trump.When Abrams, who is the most well-known First Amendment lawyer in the country, was asked for clarification, he said: It s seems to be that in light of the attacks made by then-Candidate Trump against the press on a continuing basis his preventing certain journalists from even attending his rallies as part of the press corps because he disapproved for their writing, and his public comments about wanting to loosen American libel law the press ought to be thinking broadly about how to defend itself if his Administration turns out to be as antagonistic to the press as may be the case. Abrams also cited libel law, and suggested that Trump be sued by the media for defamation. Abrams warned the press that it should be trying to protect itself, as Trump has threatened several times to prevent the media from speaking negatively about him. It may well be necessary to think outside the box in response to a deliberately repressive administration. It s because the level of hostility to the press, and perhaps the willingness to limit or punish press criticism may reach a new height in this administration. Although Abrams mentioned that this would be a first for American journalists, maybe it s time that changed. The press is used to defending libel cases. That s a good part to what I ve done in my career. So as to protect free speech and free expression as much as possible. I m not seeking to move away from that. My plea is to bear in mind that one of the potential weapons is that when anyone president or shoemaker defames an entity, and speaks falsely and maliciously, one of the possible responses is to bring a libel suit. Trump has spent days on Twitter bashing the media and condemning journalists for speaking the truth about him. Even after the election, Trump has continued to criticize the media for doing its job. Just days after winning the election, Trump was back at it again: TwitterFeatured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
3839, Lindsey Graham Wants Trump To Put Ted Cruz On The Supreme Court Bench,"As if the election of Donald Trump couldn t get even more disastrous and hypocritical, Senator Lindsey Graham just called on Trump to nominate a right-wing extremist to nation s highest court.All year long, Republicans have been blocking President Obama s nomination of Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court because they want the next president to make the pick. And because they now have the conservative puppet president they have always wanted, they want to make sure that nominee is a conservative extremist.South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham told WYFF-TV that Trump should pick Texas Senator Ted Cruz as the nominee and warned Democrats not to block him, which is hypocritical considering how Republicans have treated President Obama s nominee and threatened to block any nominees Hillary Clinton would have made had she won the election. I m here to tell my Democratic colleagues that I voted for Obama s nominees. I expect them to give Trump s nominees a fair shake. He won this election. He will pick a conservative. I would put Ted Cruz on that list. If they try to block this pick, they will regret it. If you don t honor Trump s nominee, you re making a huge mistake. Democrats should stand up and give Graham a collective middle finger.Since Antonin Scalia died in February, there has been a vacancy on the Supreme Court bench that has yet to be filled. The body wasn t even cold yet before Republicans vowed to block any nominee President Obama picked to replace him, going so far as to even deny Garland a confirmation hearing. That s far from the  fair shake  Graham is asking Democrats to give to a man as dangerous as Ted Cruz.Putting Cruz on the Supreme Court would guarantee rulings against women s rights and LGBT rights as well as putting laws like the Voting Rights Act and the Civil Rights Act in further peril. In no uncertain terms should Democrats grant Cruz a hearing, nor should they respect any of Trump s conservative choices for the court. Republicans should have thought about  fair shakes  before taking the totally unprecedented step of being complete assholes toward the Supreme Court nominee of a sitting president who also won an election and s far more popular than Trump. Again, Senate Republicans didn t even give Garland a hearing or a vote. They refused to do their jobs entirely out of disrespect towards President Obama. And so that s exactly what Democrats should do to Trump. Turnabout is fair play and Republicans only have themselves to blame.Featured Image: Ethan Miller/Getty Images",0
3840, WATCH: This Irish Senator BLASTS His Government For Playing Nice With Fascist Trump,"America will have a fascist in the White House starting on January 20th, and this Irish senator can t believe his own government is accepting that.Despite warnings from experts in the media, historians, and Jews who survived the Holocaust, Americans went to the polls and elected a fascist anyway, disgracing all the soldiers who fought and died during World War II to keep fascism out of America and sweep it out of Europe.After winning, Trump has received congratulation messages from nations around the globe. Some nations have even kissed Trump s ass, which pissed off Irish Senator Aodh n O Riord in to the point where he ripped his government for sucking up to a fascist. America has just elected a fascist and the best thing that the good people in Ireland can do is to ring him up and ask him, is it OK to still bring the shamrock on Saint Patrick s Day? I am embarrassed by the reaction of the Irish government to what has happened in America. I can t believe the reaction from An Taoiseach and from the government. O Riord in then went on a tear listing some of the aspects of fascism. I don t use the term fascist lightly. What else would you call someone who threatens to imprison his political opponents. What else would you call somebody who threatens to not allow people of a certain political faith into their country. What would you say, or what would you call somebody who was threatening to deport 10 million people. He also warned his government that right-wing extremism is rising across Europe and the United States. Can the government not understand what s happening? We are at an ugly international crossroads. What s happening in Britain is appalling. What s happening across Europe is appalling. It has echoes from the 1930s. And America, the most powerful country in the world, has just elected a fascist! He then called for the Minister of Foreign Affairs to explain how Ireland intends to deal with  monster  Trump and said Ireland s support should be conditional like Germany s. Germany and America are connected by values of democracy, freedom and respect for the law and dignity of man,  Angela Merkel said in a message to Trump.  Independent of origin, skin-color, religion, gender, sexual orientation or political views. I offer the next president of the United States close cooperation on the basis of these values. Here s the video via The Irish Independent.Donald Trump and the Republican Party are the enemies of everything that is good in this world. Trump has no right to call for unity when he spent a year and a half dividing Americans with hate, ignorance, fear, racism, and sexism. He is an impending disaster and we will see suffering under his tyranny.Featured image via screenshot",0
3841, Megyn Kelly Unveils DAMNING Truth Bomb About Trump’s Amazingly Hypocritical Campaign Performance,"Prior to the election, one of the things that Trump kept harping on was how the DNC gave Hillary debate questions in advance. He claimed to have solid evidence of that, and so did conspiracy sites that purported to be able to see what Hillary was staring at on her podium for one of the debates. It seems, though, that Trump s gripe was less-than legitimate   even more so than most of his gripes throughout the campaign.This kind of thing is only a problem if it could hurt him. When it benefits him, everyone should have at. But we knew that. What many probably didn t know is that the accusations he insisted on lobbing during the final stretch up to the disastrous Nov. 8 election were incredibly, amazingly, astonishingly, astoundingly hypocritical.Megyn Kelly s new book, Settle For More, details out a lot of what Trump did to her during the primaries. But that s not all. The New York Times  review of her book says: The day before the first presidential debate, Mr. Trump was in a lather again, Ms. Kelly writes. He called Fox executives, saying he d heard that her first question  was a very pointed question directed at him.  This disconcerted her, because it was true: It was about his history of using disparaging language about women. The day before.  Now how did he know what Kelly was going to ask, we wonder? Could it be that someone at Fox leaked the debate questions to him? There s no other way for him to know that.Throughout the last 17 months, the accusations Trump leveled at his enemies were things he himself was guilty of. Following the third general election debate, he was adamant about exposing alleged treachery on the part of the DNC and Hillary. His claim was that she d gotten the debate questions in advance, while he was kept in the dark. We have to ask Trump,  Project, much?  Then again, projection is what he does.But that s not all   Settle For More also contains this tidbit: On the day of the debate, Ms. Kelly writes, she woke up feeling great. Then an overzealous, suspiciously enthusiastic driver picked her up to take her to the convention center. He insisted on getting her coffee, though she d repeatedly declined his offer. Once it was in her hand, she drank it. And within 15 minutes, she was violently ill, vomiting so uncontrollably that it was unclear if she d be able to go on and help moderate that evening. It was so bad that she kept a trash pail beneath her desk throughout the debate, just in case. Was Trump trying to poison her in advance of the debate? She doesn t say, and The New York Times wisely leaves that up to the reader to determine. Regardless, it s suspicious and entirely typical of a man like Trump   he will stop at nothing to get revenge on his enemies. And the Electoral College will put this man in the White House.Photo of Megyn Kelly by Neilson Barnard via Getty Images for Hollywood Reporter. Photo of Trump by Zach Gibson via Getty Images ",0
3842, Trump Gets His A** Handed To Him For Whining About ‘Unfair’ Protest Against Him,"Millions of Americans did not vote for Donald Trump on Tuesday night and are protesting his election. And Trump can only whine about it.It didn t take long for Trump to act unpresidential on Twitter following his election victory.Once he got his phone back from his aides, Trump took to his Twitter account to whine, bitch, and moan about the anti-Trump protest movement.Trump called the protests  professional  as if they are getting paid to protest and then accused the media of inciting the movement.Just had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 11, 2016Yeah, Trump literally has not learned to keep his mouth shut and you can see the hypocrisy in this one since he s the one who incited his supporters to threaten bloody violence with guns if he had lost the election to Hillary Clinton. He definitely would not be calling that  unfair. Needless to say, Twitter users found Trump s tweet amusing and proceeded to humiliate him in response.@realDonaldTrump how is this hard to understand when you lost the popular vote? many people don t like you!  James Grebey (@jgrebes) November 11, 2016@realDonaldTrump wait we can get paid to protest you?  Enrico (@The700Level) November 11, 2016@The700Level @KittyCRodriguez @realDonaldTrump I want in on this too. Need to save up money before Trump takes my health care away.  Andrew Whatever (@xvszero) November 11, 2016@realDonaldTrump Try listening to the protesters. You might learn a lot about the nation you are about to lead.  Dave Hogg ? (@Stareagle) November 11, 2016@realDonaldTrump I was one of those protestors. Not a professional. Did it because I believed in it. Heard about it through friends.  Tom Coates (@tomcoates) November 11, 2016@realDonaldTrump that s democracy, dude. You re answerable to the people now. They re allowed to protest.  Dan Hatch (@Daniel_Hatch) November 11, 2016@realDonaldTrump I will finish what you started pic.twitter.com/xsEE7mwEat  Emo Kylo Ren (@KyIoR3n) November 11, 2016@realDonaldTrump They re still allowed to dislike you, Donald.  Tom Bonier (@tbonier) November 11, 2016@realDonaldTrump Your deplorables are the least evolved of the human species.  Big Lee ?? (@StopTrumpBigly) November 11, 2016.@realDonaldTrump We are Americans. We are allowed to protest. It s not  unfair , it s in the Constitution.  billy eichner (@billyeichner) November 11, 2016.@realDonaldTrump Protesting is a constitutional right. Also, now that you are President-elect, your lies are government propaganda.  Lauren Duca (@laurenduca) November 11, 2016@laurenduca He got exactly what he wanted & still he s pitying himself   not to mention responding to protest like a dictator. Lord love us.  Rachel Vorona Cote (@RVoronaCote) November 11, 2016@realDonaldTrump Have you prepared a speech yet on how to tell your supporters that your wall on the border is never going to be happen?  #NotMyPresident (@BestOfRaps) November 11, 2016@realDonaldTrump THIS was unfair   pic.twitter.com/qg2EpVMj99  Tony Paul (@TonyPaul1984) November 11, 2016@jonahkeri every time I calm down for a minute, this clown reminds me of how dangerous he is.  Greg Chernack (@GChernack) November 11, 2016If Hillary Clinton had won, does anyone think Trump would be calling this  a very open and successful election?  Please. @realDonaldTrump  Charles Johnson (@Green_Footballs) November 11, 2016Donald Trump spent a year and a half using offensive hateful divisive language casting anyone one who isn t a white male conservative an enemy of America. People are NOT going to forget that and they certainly are not going to forgive and bow down to kiss Trump s ass. His entire campaign was unfair to the American people and now he is reaping what he sowed.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3843, ISIS Fighters Celebrate Trump’s Victory Because He Is The ‘Beginning’ Of America’s Destruction,"Donald Trump is the best player on the terrorist organization s team, and they couldn t be happier that he won the election.Tuesday s election results have not only emboldened racists to attack minorities across the country, it has emboldened ISIS.Trump s victory drew celebration from ISIS fighters on social media, and the comments should make Americans regret their decision to put such an inexperienced person in the White House. Rejoice, he will show America s ugly face,  said fighter wrote.And Trump has already done that by using the divisive and hateful rhetoric that is splitting the country along political and racial lines that will take years to heal. Trump can beg for unity all he wants, he squandered that opportunity from the very first day of his campaign. I am optimistic about Trump s victory because he is a stupid, arrogant, hubristic bull who is dumber than Bush,  another ISIS fighter said.And it s true. Donald Trump doesn t have a clue how to govern and he certainly doesn t know how to lead a military force. After all, he dodged the draft multiple times during Vietnam and ridiculously claimed that he  knows more about ISIS than the generals do,  all while expressing wonder at why the United States doesn t just use nuclear weapons to defeat enemies.Most of all, ISIS fighters are cheering Trump s victory because he is inspiring others to join them. Trump s vulgarity will embarrass (Arab) tyrants and enlarge the field of jihad,  one fighter wrote.  If Trump wins, it s in our favor,  another said.But they are only too happy to let Donald Trump rip the United States apart for them. Praise God, may He increase this,  one fighter said of the divisions and hate Trump has caused. If we can inflame the dissension and troubles in their countries maybe they ll withdraw,  wrote another, signaling that ISIS may try to stoke fear and violence among Americans.And they are hoping that Trump is the beginning of the end of the United States as a world power and beacon of democracy. Trump s rule may be the beginning of a split in the United States and the era of its disintegration, Considering Trump did significant damage to our democratic values and system, and the fact that Russia probably believes they have a puppet in the White House who will help them weaken NATO, it s pretty clear that Donald Trump is already harming this country domestically and around the world.America is a joke now because of Donald Trump s victory. He is a vengeful man who ignores facts and is easily provoked. ISIS wants nothing more than for the United States to sacrifice more blood and treasure in the Middle East and he may very well give them want they want because he wants to prove how tough he is. Our enemies sense weakness and they are moving to exploit that weakness for their own gain. Conservatives may think they found their champion, but our enemies know they found their fool.Featured Image: Brian Blanco/Getty Images",0
3844," Leslie Knope Writes Powerful, Heartbreaking Letter To America That EVERYONE Should Read","Who doesn t love Leslie Knope? She even wormed her way into the heart of that staunch libertarian Ron Swanson.Parks and Recreation has a beloved place in the hearts of many in America, in fact   especially millennials. And no character is more beloved than Amy Poehler s Leslie Knope.For many fans, it s almost impossible to imagine a reaction to this electoral disaster from the almost annoyingly bubbly Knope   her optimism doesn t seem to have much of a place here. However, while perfectly maintaining the voice of the character, she shows that s not the case. You can read my favorite passage below:Like most people, I deal with tragedy by processing the five stages of grief: Denial, Anger, Bargaining, Depression, and Acceptance. My denial over the election results was intense. My anger was (in Ron s words)  significant.  My bargaining was short, but creative  I offered my soul and the souls of all of my friends in exchange for 60,000 more votes in Milwaukee, to any demon who cared to accept. (Tom told me it was a terrible deal, but I didn t care, in that moment.) My depression I have already mentioned. Which brings us to Acceptance. And here s what I stand on that:No. I do not accept it.I acknowledge that Donald Trump is the President. I understand, intellectually, that he won the election. But I do not accept that our country has descended into the hatred-swirled slop pile that he lives in. I reject out of hand the notion that we have thrown up our hands and succumbed to racism, xenophobia, misogyny, and crypto-fascism. I do not accept that. I reject that. I fight that. Today, and tomorrow, and every day until the next election, I reject and fight that story. I work hard and I form ideas and I meet and talk to other people who feel like me, and we sit down and drink hot chocolate (I have plenty) and we plan. We plan like mofos. We figure out how to fight back, and do good in this infuriating world that constantly wants to bend toward the bad. And we will be kind to each other, and supportive of each other s ideas, and we will do literally anything but accept this as our fate.And let me say something to the young girls who are reading this. Hi, girls. On behalf of the grown-ups of America who care about you and your futures, I am awfully sorry about how miserably we screwed this up. We elected a giant farting T. rex who does not like you, or care about you, or think about you, unless he is scanning your bodies with his creepy T. rex eyes, or trying to physically grab you like a toy his daddy got him (or would have, if his daddy had loved him). (Sorry, that was a low blow.) (Actually, not sorry, I m pissed, and I m on a roll, so zip it, super-ego!) Our President-Elect is everything you should abhor, and fear, in a male role model. He has spent his life telling you, and girls and women like you, that your lives are valueless except as sexual objects. He has demeaned you, and belittled you, and put you in a little box to be looked at and not heard. It is your job, and the job of girls and women like you, to bust out.I highly encourage you to read the rest of it as well   Leslie is exactly right. It s time for us to fight harder than ever.",0
3845, BREAKING: Stunning Development In Trump Fraud Case Shows How Terrifyingly Deep His Corruption Will Go,"The federal judge overseeing two of the three fraud cases against Donald Trump has advised all parties to settle  given all else that s involved.  Presumably, he s talking about Trump s disgustingly shocking win on Election Day. It looked a lot like Trump might actually be held accountable for his actions despite the win, but now the trial might not even take place.Curiel said: It would be wise for the plaintiffs, for the defendants, to look closely at trying to resolve this case given all else that s involved. He also said he d allow Trump to testify via video due to his new obligations in Washington. Besides that, he told Trump s lawyers that they could again request that specific campaign statements be withheld from both the jury and himself.Earlier, Addicting Info writer Wendy Gittleson reported that a lawyer believes Trump could be impeached very quickly after taking office because of these lawsuits. All three suits involve charges of fraud and racketeering. The reasoning was that there s a question of whether the legal aspects involved in these cases could  rise to the level of impeachment. If they did, it would probably be goodbye Trump since Congress wasn t too keen on him anyway.However, with Curiel advising the parties involved in the suits in his court to settle, it could actually quietly go away with Trump paying less than he might have otherwise, and it could remove a potential block to four years of Trump in the White House.Earlier this month, the woman who was suing Trump for rape dropped her case after receiving death threats. She had canceled a press conference, too, out of fear for her safety and life. This is the woman that accused Trump of raping her when she was 13, and it s very, very likely she was terrorized into dropping the suit.There s still a fraud case relating to Trump U. pending in the New York attorney general s office. Other than that, it s entirely possible that Trump will, more or less, get away with a slap on the wrist for this, depending on whether the plaintiffs agree to settle and agree to whatever Trump proposes as a settlement.Featured image by Mark Wilson via Getty Images",0
3846, Former DNC Chairman Howard Dean Is Fired Up And Ready To Make Trump A One-Term President,"The nation and world are reeling from the fact that we are now facing a horrifying reality: Four years being ruled by the likes of Donald Trump and Mike Pence. People are rightfully afraid of what he will do with regards to LGBTQ rights and women s rights, and the fact that he has mainstreamed bigotry on a level we haven t seen since the Civil Rights Era. There is also something else that must be considered when it comes to Hillary s stunning loss: The future of the Democratic Party.We are now the party that is in turmoil, with Donna Brazile as the interim Chair since Debbie Wasserman-Schultz was ousted at the 2016 Democratic National Convention, after it was revealed that she worked to undermine Hillary s primary challenger, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. It s also clear that Hillary was not successful in picking up enough of the Obama coalition to pull of an electoral win, and the party needs to come together and figure out why, so that we only have to endure four years of Trump instead of eight.The first thing we have to is to do turn out in DROVES and make sure Democrats take the House of Representatives and the Senate back. The second thing to do is to decide who our Party leaders are now, and devise a get out the vote strategy that ensures wins across the board in two years, and in four years. Well there is one man who thinks he will be the one to do all of that and then some: Former DNC Chairman Howard Dean. He tweeted:The dems need organization and focus on the young. Need a fifty State strategy and tech rehab. I am in for chairman again.  Howard Dean (@GovHowardDean) November 10, 2016He is right, of course. The 50-state strategy that President Obama used so masterfully in both 2008 and 2012 is what gave Democrats the win. This is especially true of the first two years of his presidency, when Democrats controlled the White House and both chambers of Congress. Thanks to these facts, Democrats enjoyed the ability to offer up a literal cornucopia of progressive wet dreams, only to have all of that about to be destroyed now.If we let Howard Dean do as he promises, that can be our reality again. It s time to organize, Democrats, and listen to the concerns and demands of the Sanders coalition, reclaim the Obama coalition, and take back power.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3847, This HORRIFYING List Is Exactly Why We Can’t Say ‘It Will Be Okay’ Under Trump,"Two nights ago, we elected the worst person imaginable to the highest office in the land. His Majesty, King Hater, doesn t take officially take office until January 20, 2017, but the effects of his election are already spreading in a rash of hateful and bigoted incidents against everyone who isn t a straight, white, Christian male.Insanul Ahmed has collected a series of social media posts and videos detailing exactly what s happened.Because that s apparently not bad enough, there s even more:What s truly terrifying here is that this is just the beginning. Trump s election just legitimized every brand of hate there is. It s now okay to intimidate, harass and threaten anyone who isn t straight and white. It s now okay to sexually assault women. It s now okay to be anti-Semitic, and openly hurl epithets at anyone who isn t straight and white. There are people who keep saying,  It will all be okay,  and joking around about Trump s win without understanding why so many of us are so angry and scared.We re angry and scared because things we ve already been through, like what s above and more, were validated with Trump s election. The haters, the bigots, the anti-Semites, the racists, the men s rights activists/misogynists, the white supremacists, the Islamophobes, the nativists, and the religious right, were all vindicated, while we were invalidated and violently kicked to the side.Welcome to Trump s America. Price of admission: Rights, freedoms, equality, humanity. We ll waive your fees if you re a straight, white male.Here s Ahmed s full list, posted on Twitter:Day 1 In Trump s America  Featured image by Win McNamee via Getty Images, and via Twitter",0
3848," Bernie Gives Us Hope, Promises To Protect Minorities Under Trump Administration","The unthinkable has happened, and we are now all forced to live under a Donald Trump administration for the next four years. This is especially terrifying to minorities, since the man that was just declared our next president is a racist, misogynistic, xenophobic bigot, and his vice president-elect, Indiana Governor Mike Pence, is just as bad   only much more quietly. Well, there is one person in the United States Senate who won t stand for any of that bigotry when it comes to lawmaking: Bernie Sanders.While Bernie has promised to work with a Trump administration where they can find common ground, he has already warned Trump that there will be no funny business on his watch when it comes to going after minorities. Bernie tweeted:If Donald Trump takes people's anger and turns it against Muslims, Hispanics, African Americans and women, we will be his worst nightmare.  Bernie Sanders (@SenSanders) November 10, 2016This isn t the first time since Trump s victory that Bernie has warned him against aggressively attacking the rights of minorities, either. On Wednesday, he said: To the degree that Mr. Trump is serious about pursuing policies that improve the lives of working families in this country, I and other progressives are prepared to work with him,  the Vermont senator said in a statement released Wednesday. To the degree that he pursues racist, sexist, xenophobic and anti-environment policies, we will vigorously oppose him. This is reassuring, because while the situation is certainly dismal, there are Democrats and Independents in the Senate who still have enough seats to block the Republicans and a Trump Administration from appointing anti-LGBTQ, anti-women, anti-Muslim, anti-immigrant justices to the Supreme Court. While this might, optics wise, looks like Democrats offering retribution for the GOP s refusal to give President Obama s appointee, Merrick Garland, a hearing and a vote, indeed it is not. It is a way to keep Republicans from stripping the basic human rights from groups of Americans they hate.Thank you, Bernie, for having our back. Let s hope that you and Senate Democrats are successful in protecting us for the next four years as we live out this literal nightmare.Featured image via Joshua Lott/Getty Images",0
3849, The Daily Show’s Hasan Minaj Breaks Character And Admits He’s Scared For His Family (VIDEO),"The effects of a Donald Trump presidency are already starting to take shape. We ve been hearing of incidents of racism all over the country where people feel Trump s win gives them the right to be as racist and violent as they want.Another thing to remember is everything Trump promised during the election. One of those things was a ban on Muslims entering the country.The Daily Show s Hasan Minaj takes that threat of a ban very seriously, because he and his family are Muslim, and his mother is currently out of the country.While speaking to host Trevor Noah, Minaj broke character from a correspondent and takes on the role of himself as a concerned citizen. He looked straight into the camera, and said: This is a true story. My mom is out of the country right now. She s visiting my grandma. And she s a U.S. citizen. She s lived here thirty years. She s on the phone with me last night, and she s like,  Hasan, I don t know if I can come back until February. Am I going to be able to get back into the country?  And the fact that I can t tell her  yes  with one hundred percent certainty, is heartbreaking. And there are a lot of people telling me,  hey man, don t worry, Trump s not really gonna ban all Muslims,  but I don t know, man. That is my mom. And I need her back home, because I love her Then adding some levity to the very serious situation, he says:  and she owes me three hundred dollars. Minaj looked genuinely concerned for his family, and that is terribly heartbreaking that he even remotely has to be fearful of a Trump ban on Muslims. That can t be the America we live in.Watch him speak about his very valid concern here:Trump s victory hits @HasanMinhaj close to home. https://t.co/SzJgXsonOr pic.twitter.com/y6COe15vMA  The Daily Show (@TheDailyShow) November 10, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
3850, Teacher Tells Black Students He’ll Have Trump Send Them ‘Back To Africa’ And Doesn’t Think It’s Racist,"It appears the repercussions of a Donald Trump America are already taking full effect. Donnie Jones Jr., who is African-American from Wesley Chapel, Florida, reported a story that his child and friends were told that Donald Trump would send them back to Africa if they don t behave.Here s Jones  Facebook post regarding the incident: Day 1 post Donald J Trump election. My child and two other students walking down the hallway at Wesley Chapel High School and a white male teacher asks them what are they up to. (it s during period break so they are suppose to be there mind you) Anyway the teacher says to them  Don t make me call Donald Trump to get you sent back to Africa.  When my child told me that I didn t know what to say. I was blown away. I m not going to lie, I saw RED!!! I did almost 100 getting back up to that school. I m beyond pissed right now. I damn near have tears in my eyes. Politics are Politics but once you say something to my child then it s fucking on! I warn any mother fucker to say something sideways to my from now on! Mother fuckers are feeling froggy today so I m about to play fucking frogger today and run some bitches down! People ask what blacks, Muslims, gays and others that are different have from fear. This is what we fucking fear. I m not worried about Donald. I m worried about the dumb fucks that feel like they can say and do whatever they want now because of him. I appreciate the Principal and Asst Principal for moving so fast on this, but it s not something I would ever expect (yes I do) from a person that s suppose to teach our children. Smh I m fucking sweating and shaking . come to find out it s the damn golf coach at the school. John Sousa Who can blame him for being livid? What that teacher said isn t only abhorrent, it s absolutely racist.Jones posted this update just recent: So to update some of you. The school is still doing their investigation ? but one of my good friends located his phone number  Well being the parent that I am I called him. He actually admitted saying it. He said it was just an off the wall comment and wasn t meant to be racist. He said it was a bunch of male and female students in the hallway and he was talking to everyone. Let s be honest here. I could see if he said Donald s going to deport everyone. (Even then I would have questions) but my daughter said he pointed at the 3 black students and said Donald s going to send you back to Africa. I believe he s sorry but he s only sorry because he s in trouble. Lastly I m going to see what the school does. They can play around here if they want to. The teacher didn t think telling black students to go back to Africa was racist?! Is he just that stupid, or is racism so ingrained in his mind that he literally doesn t see where he did anything wrong?This cannot be the America we live in. We cannot allow a Donald Trump presidency to be a permission slip for racists, Islamophobes and homophobes to run amok and do as they please with no repercussions.Hopefully, the school handles this matter appropriately. This is outrageous!Featured Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
3851, Students With Trump Sign March Down Halls Chanting ‘White Power’ (VIDEO),"Racists are all jizzed up after Donald Trump s victory. Sandra Thompson, President of the York, Pennsylvania NAACP, explained on Facebook that reports have come in of  students being spit on, attacked, and called names because of their race or perceived Immigrant status. She added that  we can only act on official reports and must hear from the persons affected or witness to it.  Just underneath that post, a man left a video of students at Vo-Tech shouting  white power  while holding a Donald Trump campaign sign.Watch:  There are also incidents reported of students calling other students their  slaves. Parents of York County School of Technology Students wrote on Facebook that,  There have been reports that Trump s presidential win was announced at school today amidst chants of  white power. That white students referred to other races as their slaves, and at some points even spit on those students. I think we should all have a chat tonight with our students, whether they were participating, appalled bystanders, or victims,  the statement continued.  This whole situation is absolutely horrible. Another student said her breasts were grabbed by another student who said it was  his right. Some parents are pulling their children out of school.Other schools are reporting racial incidents as well in Michigan and Minnesota after Trump s victory, according to Raw Story.In Royal Oak, Michigan, a group of students started yelling  build the wall  in the middle school s cafeteria. Parents are now concerned for their children s safety.These are the children of Trump supporters and they taught their kids to hate. But don t call them deplorables because that s mean and hurts their feelings. Trump was a bigot when he was a businessman. The alleged billionaire was a bigot while he was the GOP nominee and previous to that. And as President, he will continue to be a bigot.#NotMyPresident.Featured image via screen capture",0
3852," After Loss, Democratic Senate Candidate Writes Statement That EVERY SINGLE Progressive Should See","Let s get something straight here   Americans did not elect Donald Trump. Our system did. And although Republicans retained majorities in both houses of Congress, they did so extremely narrowly, and it s very likely that more people voted Democratic than Republican. Sound unfair? It is.With that in mind, it s not over. It s never over. The causes progressives fight for still need our voices, our action, and in the not-too-distant future, our votes. We need to start organizing right now, today, to undo all of the damage Republicans are going to do over the next two years. There are no other options on the table other than to fight tooth and nail at every level.Luckily, it appears that some Democratic leaders understand that. Jason Kander, a veteran and rising star in the Democratic Party, was the secretary of state in Missouri   a very red state. You may remember him as the candidate that advocated for background checks while assembling a rifle blindfolded:Kander lost by only three points in a red state that voted for Trump by 19 percent, while running against an incumbent with 20 years in Washington   Republican Senator Roy Blunt. That s huge   and if Democrats hope to regain power, they re going to need candidates like Kander that can help them stay competitive when it comes to communicating with the white working class (who just MASSIVELY voted against their own interests). That s why it s extremely heartening to see that he s FAR from giving up. In a statement on his campaign website, Jason Kander states:This is the message where I m supposed to thank you for all you ve done for me, tell you how much it meant to me, and then say my goodbyes and wish you luck on your journey. I m supposed to say something like,  Perhaps our paths will cross again. But that s not how I roll. Of course, I am thankful to you and I m forever grateful for this experience. But why wouldn t I be? Let s talk about something important.We re all disappointed about Tuesday night s results. We lost an election. In fact, we   the Democrats   lost a whole mess of elections on Tuesday.But please know that I m going to be fine. My wife is gorgeous and brilliant and my son True is my best little buddy in the world. We are not the people who will be hurt by these election results. So please don t spend any time being sad for me. If you re going to be sad for someone, make it the single mom who has cancer and is scared to death about being unable to keep her insurance to continue treatments without Obamacare. Worry about the undocumented student who has only ever known this country and is worried about what happens to her now. Worry about the minimum wage worker trying to stretch $30 into a full grocery trip. Let your heart go out to the college student saddled with enormous debt and unable to get help from a parent whose own graduate degree has forced him into bankruptcy.I met each of those people, in real life, during this campaign. And it fueled me the whole way. But here s the thing, that fuel is still in my tank. Why? I love this country and I won t let losing an election force me away from the process.Pick yourself up. Dust yourself off. Yes, Donald Trump is going to be President and the Republicans control the House and the Senate, but I need that to double your resolve, not cause you to give up on our politics.You can read the rest of his statement here.If you agree this is EXACTLY the attitude we need right now, make sure to share this around. We cannot afford to ever give up.Featured image by Whitney Curtis/Getty Images",0
3853, The Law Says Donald Trump Can Already Be Impeached And That Might Be The Plan,"The moment Donald Trump is sworn in as president, Congress could begin impeachment proceedings and they could win. It could easily happen, and as much as we can t stand Trump, that would be horrible.Before you shake your head and dismiss this as just another conspiracy theory, here are some facts from a Utah law professor, Christopher Lewis Peterson, who wrote a 22 page article telling us how and why Congress can and should impeach Trump. Clearly, we won t reprint all of the 22 pages, but here s the abstract, which by itself is pretty compelling:In the final weeks of the 2016 Presidential campaign Donald J. Trump faces three lawsuits accusing him of fraud and racketeering. These ongoing cases focus on a series of wealth seminars called  Trump University  which collected over $40 million from consumers seeking to learn Trump s real estate investing strategies. Although these consumer protection cases are civil proceedings, the underlying legal elements in several counts that plaintiffs seek to prove run parallel to the legal elements of serious crimes under both state and federal law. This essay provides a legal analysis of whether Trump s alleged behavior would, if proven, rise to the level of impeachable offenses under the presidential impeachment clause of the United States Constitution. This essay begins with a summary of the evidence assembled in the three pending Trump University civil lawsuits. Next, it describes the legal claims involved in each matter. Then, this essay summarizes the applicable law of presidential impeachment under the United States Constitution and analyzes whether Trump s actions in connection with Trump University are impeachable offenses. Finally, I offer concluding thoughts, considering in particular the policy implications of a major presidential campaign with simultaneously pending legal complaints of fraud and racketeering.Now, why would a Republican Congress impeach a Republican President? Well, as you recall, the vast majority of the GOP wing of Congress only reluctantly supported Trump.Speaker of the House, Paul Ryan, was perhaps the most vocal reluctant supporter, saying that he was  sickened  by Trump s rhetoric, but would support him anyway.Most thought Ryan was sticking with Trump as a matter of political expediency. After all, they share the exact same voter base, but perhaps Ryan, who s not stupid, had something up his sleeve. Trump s VP pick, Mike Pence, is tailor made to help elevate Paul Ryan s agenda. He s  ber conservative and  ber Christian. While Trump is a wildcard, Pence is someone who Ryan can Trust. Pence won t squawk while Ryan strips senior citizens of Social Security or the poor of food. Trump might not squawk, but he s not predictable, either.While both Ryan and Pence (and most Republicans in Congress) are social conservatives who want to set back rights for LGBT people and women, again, Trump is a wildcard. Trump used to be pro-choice and despite the fact that his campaign was built on hate, he said very little about LGBT people. It s highly doubtful that Trump will defend the rights of gay people or abortion rights, but that s not a chance Ryan or Republicans in Congress want to take.The Trump University lawsuit is set to start at the end of the month. It s a civil suit, but it will highlight that voters elected a con man. It will certainly be enough to make the most anti-Trump members of Congress talk and it could give us a President Pence. Yes, that s frightening.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images. ",0
3854, This Post-Election Scene From A School Cafeteria Is All You Need To Know About Trump’s America (VIDEO),"How are nonwhite children supposed to feel safe in Donald Trump s America? On Tuesday less than half the country elected an open bigot who calls Mexicans rapists and promises to ban people who follow certain religions from entering the country, and who repeatedly attacks and denigrates women. The 2016 election was a sobering reminder that we, as a nation, have lost our soul to far-Right ideologies   and that poison has already seeped into our children.On Wednesday, children at a Michigan middle school celebrated President Grope s win by chanting one of his most popular catchphrases among the Stupid Part of America:  build the wall.  Video of the incident has gone viral, reminding the nation of exactly what brand of hate they elected. Because of the strong emotions and intensity of rhetoric that the posting of this incident to social media has elicited, we have had parents express concern regarding student safety,  Superintendent of Schools Shawn Lewis-Lakin said in a statement on Thursday.  Know that we work with our partners in law enforcement on responding to any and all threats that have been or will be made involving our students or schools. In responding to this incident   indeed in responding to this election   we need to hear each other s stories, not slogans, we need to work towards understanding, not scoring points, and we need to find a way to move forward that respects and values each and every member of our community,  the statement continues.  We will be working on this in school today. Please work on this with us. Unfortunately, now that Hell has frozen over, this is something we can expect to become normal in Trump s America. Watch the terrifying scene below:Middle school students in Royal Oak, Michigan chanting ""Build The Wall!"" pic.twitter.com/38vcnN9mnk  Philip Lewis (@Phil_Lewis_) November 10, 2016Featured image via screengrab",0
3855," WATCH: Newt Gingrich Admits Trump Doesn’t Care About Unity, Will Be ‘Unreasonable’","Democrats who are offering to work with Donald Trump should cease and desist right now because he has no interest in compromise.Throughout his campaign, Trump launched petty insults and divisive rhetoric. In fact, that s all he did for a year and a half. Now he all of a sudden claims that he wants unity.Well, that s bullshit and top Trump cheerleader Newt Gingrich admitted as much during an appearance with Trump chief propagandist Sean Hannity.After congratulating each other for successfully screwing over America, Gingrich insulted Republicans who refused to blindly support Trump. The little, whiny, sniveling negative cowards who were  Never Trumpers  are beneath our paying attention to them. Let them drift off into the ashbin of history while we go ahead and work with Donald Trump and with the House and Senate Republicans to create a dramatically new future. Yeah, a future where oppression, hate, racism, and sexism reign.But Gingrich also blasted any semblance that Trump actually gives a damn about unity by promising Hannity that Democrats are going to be disappointed if they actually think Trump will be a reasonable man to work with. Their technique will be to say  Oh, be reasonable. Don t push too hard. Don t force the issue. Find a compromise with Democrats. Maybe he shouldn t name one of the justices who are conservative who s on his list. Maybe he should find a nice moderate acceptable to the Democrats. Down that road is a disaster. And so we have to be aware that the danger is not that they re going to actively fight. The danger is that they re going to opt for honeyed words of subversion that undermines the entire movement to make America great again. Here s the video via YouTube:In other words, Trump and his Republican supporters intend to jam through whatever policies they want whether Americans like it or not.Frankly, Democrats should treat Donald Trump the same way Republicans treats President Obama over the last eight years. Republicans should not get to sabotage a Democratic presidency and then expect Democrats to play ball when one of their own gets in the White House.Gingrich went on to say that Trump could offer an infrastructure program that could get Democratic support, which is funny considering President Obama offered the same kind of program and Republicans ruthlessly opposed it. Being reasonable did not help Democrats in this election and it won t help them two and four years from now when new elections occur. There needs to be consequences for the way Republicans have behaved the last eight years. That means giving them more than a taste of their own medicine.Featured image via screencapture",0
3856, This GIF Of Biden At Obama’s Press Conference Is ALL Of Us (IMAGE),"Reports are saying that President Obama, as always, is a complete class act   he s telling everyone at the White House to show Trump s team the same respect he was shown, and basically showing us all how to take the high road even when things look bad (if the country elected the guy that had been questioning my birth for five years, I probably wouldn t do the same. Would you?).But things DO look bad, and nothing says it more clearly than this GIF of Vice President Joe Biden at President Obama s press conference:Sorry, Joe. Direct democracy isn t good enough for the United States, and turnout wasn t high enough to overcome Republican election-rigging. The look on his face says it all   he s let down, appalled, and terrified for the future of our country.Everything in the power of the people and Democrats in congress must be done to protect the will of the people   who voted for Hillary Clinton by a slim margin   and stop Donald Trump from accomplishing his horrific agenda.Featured image via screencapture",0
3857, WATCH: White Trump Voter Tells Fox That President Obama Is To Blame For Racism,"These deplorable people are just incapable of taking personal responsibility for their own words and actions.Racism was one of the central themes of Donald Trump s campaign. So much so, that white supremacists and KKK members flocked to support him.But, of course, conservatives are defending Trump by blaming it all on President Obama.While walking through a diner interviewing white people to get their thoughts on the election, Abby Huntsman talked to a man named Dan who claimed that racism didn t start until President Obama first took office eight years ago. Apparently, this jackass literally thinks racism didn t exist before 2008.He began by claiming that the reason people are protesting Donald Trump is because they were indoctrinated in the schools as kids. It starts in the elementary schools where they re just brainwashing kids,  Dan claimed.  Our history is really not our history, but they re rewriting history. The only ones rewriting history in this country are racist conservatives who want to pretend that the Civil War wasn t about slavery, that slavery was just some kind of worker exchange program, and that Moses was a founding father. Seriously.When asked what he would say to the protesters, Dan said,  Grow up. It s disrespect for the law, disrespect for authority. This is coming from a man who probably hoped conservatives would attempt a bloody coup if Hillary Clinton had won. I don t seem to remember any conservatives calling those threats  disrespect for the law.  The hypocrisy is strong in this one.Then Dan insisted that everything  started going downhill  in 2008 when President Obama was first elected. Dan accused Obama of being a racist and claimed that he defended  every  black person who broke the law. Because he   he was himself a racist,  Dan told Huntsman.  And, I mean, that s harsh but he was. I mean, he defended every black person that caused a crime. No, he wasn t. President Obama was merely calling out the documented excessive use of force some police officers have been using against people of color. That s not racist.When Huntsman expressed doubt about Dan s accusation, he went even further by claiming that President Obama s policies are racist. But that s not true either. President Obama has taken a lot of flack for not focusing as much on specifically helping the black community, in fact. His policies, such as Obamacare, helped people of all races, including Dan, get health insurance that they couldn t previously afford.That s just reality.Here s the video via Youtube:You have to wonder who conservatives are going to blame when they no longer have President Obama to point their grubby little fingers at.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3858," Russia Drops Bombshell, Confirms It’s Been Talking To Trump Throughout Campaign (DETAILS)","For the entirety of Donald Trump s presidential campaign, there was a massive amount of suspicion surrounding the reality television star s relationship with Russian president Vladimir Putin. It turns out that just two days after Trump has gotten elected to be the next President of the United States, most of our instincts were correct.On Thursday, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov confirmed that  there were contacts  between the Trump campaign the Russian embassy staff throughout this election. He said: Obviously, we know most of the people from his entourage. Those people have always been in the limelight in the United States and have occupied high-ranking positions. I cannot say that all of them but quite a few have been staying in touch with Russian representatives. This news comes after we d already seen various instances where Trump embraced and praised Putin during his campaign, giving the impression that these two might actually be best friends. Trump had also said he would improve America s relations with Russia, and told NATO allies  they ll need to pay tribute to the United States if they want to continue to have protection against possible Russian aggression. Trump s relationship with Russia concerned intelligence and foreign policy experts alike   and it should concern all of us as well. Trump has lied about his relationship with Russia   much like he has lied about everything else in his presidential campaign. Trump repeatedly told Americans that he had not been interacting with the Kremlin even in the face of evidence that he was praising Putin. Once again, Ryabkov contradicted Trump s previous denial when he said: We have just begun to consider ways of building dialogue with the future Donald Trump administration and channels we will be using for those purposes. It s also useful to point out that Trump s former campaign chairman Paul Manafort resigned from the campaign after the New York Times reported that ledgers discovered in Ukraine found that millions of dollars had been earmarked for Trump from the pro-Russian political party of former Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych. If that isn t shady, I don t know what is.Now that the election is over, Trump s lies are being exposed one by one. His followers are going to be devastated when they find out who they really elected.Featured image via Adam Berry and Mark Wilson / Getty Images",0
3859, Trump Can’t Find Anyone To Serve On His National Security Team,"Donald Trump actually won, despite the popular vote. It s pretty hard to believe, and no one really expected this. Not even the campaign team itself. As in, they don t have a national security team. In fact, they are having trouble even getting recruits to be on the team.According to the Daily Beast one of the senior members of Trump s team said: She wasn t even sure that she was going to be able to fill a transition team,  much less find people to serve in government positions, this person said. In theory, 20 people are supposed to parachute into the Department of Homeland Security [during the transition between administrations]. And I don t think they have anybody to do it. It s funny to see the Trump campaign struggle to fill these much needed positions, scrambling at the last minute, reaching out to any possible candidate they can to no avail. In fact a handful of U.S. officials already said they re considering leaving their jobs.This says quite a bit about our new commander-in-chief. Trump is not experienced in office at all, not to mention he is just simply unfit to run a country, especially the U.S.A.. He promised to do quite a few things during his first 100 days in office, but it looks like he s going to be busy staffing his administration before he can begin undoing all of Obama s work. Good thing too, because this country already is great, and nothing Trump has said he s going to do will make it any better. As a country, we ve come pretty far over the last several years, but with Trump promising to  ban all Muslims  and build a giant wall on the Mexican border it looks like it s been in vain. Hopefully, things continue to make it impossible for Trump to get anything done and we can elect another progressive come 2020.Featured image by Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
3860, Notorious RBG Throws AMAZING Shade At Trump From SCOTUS Bench (VIDEO),"We love Ruth Bader Ginsburg. She s the sweet   but also sharp   liberal justice who sits on the Supreme Court. She s also no fan of Donald Trump. One tradition that Ginsburg   AKA The Notorious RBG   has is wearing a special  dissent  collar when she is going against major rulings presented the land s highest court. No such ruling was upon the justices today, but Ginsburg wore the collar anyway. It seemed to be her way of showing the nation and world that she disapproves of a Donald Trump presidency.Now, this fact is no secret; after all, America s favorite SCOTUS justice came under fire during the heated presidential campaign for remarks she made about the bombastic then-GOP presidential nominee. She said: He is a faker. He has no consistency about him. He says whatever comes into his head at the moment. He really has an ego.   How has he gotten away with not turning over his tax returns? The press seems to be very gentle with him on that. Ginsburg then went on to lament the idea of what a Trump presidency will do to our American reality, saying: For the country, it could be four years. For the court, it could be   I don t even want to contemplate that. Well, unfortunately, that is now our reality. I have to wonder what is going through Justice Ginsburg s head right about now. If her  dissent  collar is any indication, it s nothing good regarding President-elect Trump.Watch the video below:Featured image via Kevork Djansezian/Getty Images",0
3861, WATCH: Van Jones SHUTS DOWN Trump Supporter For Whining About Liberals Not Bowing Down For Trump,"Trump and his deplorable supporters worked for a year and a half dividing this nation and now they are complaining because liberals aren t kissing his ass.During a panel discussion on CNN with Anderson Cooper on Wednesday night about protests that have ignited across the country against Donald Trump, Trump supporter Kayleigh McEnany accused Democrats of  stoking fears  in Americans and claimed that the media unfairly portrayed Trump as a divisive monster instead of a uniter.That s when former Obama Administration official Van Jones shut McEnany down. That s enough,  Jones said before explaining how Muslim-Americans feel right now because the candidate who viciously attacked them for the last year and a half now has the reigns of power.  Now hold on a second. Muslim parents that are afraid right now aren t afraid because of these kids with these signs. They are afraid because he said over and over again he wanted to ban people of their faith. McEnany tried to use her uppity white woman status to talk over Jones, telling him that he needs to  correct the fear  to make anti-Trump forces blindly get behind Trump as if he never said anything offensive or insulting at all.But Jones would have none of it. Back off,  Jones told McEnany.  You need to have a little bit of empathy and understanding for people who are afraid because your candidate has been one of the most explosively provocative candidates in the history of our country and there is a price to be paid for that. I am not going to be talked over tonight. I m not. You have people who are terrified and you have to take some responsibility for it. Despite being smacked down, McEnany continued talking out of her ass about how Trump is the man who will unite the country and continued whining about liberals not bowing down before him.Here s the video via YouTube. The exchange between Jones and McEnany begins at the 5:00 mark.These Trump supporters are the biggest bunch of whining hypocrites in this nation, and Kayleigh McEnany is one of the biggest hypocrites and whiners of all. Time and time again through this election she has defended Trump s horrible insults, divisive remarks, and threats on CNN and now she has the gall to call for unity?Donald Trump does not deserve respect. After the way conservatives treated President Obama for eight years, it s time for them to get the same treatment. Turnabout is fair play and liberals are sick and tired of taking the high road. Conservatives certainly didn t take the high road and unite behind President Obama. They showed so much contempt for him from the beginning that they even swore allegiance to a foreign leader rather than support the president.Trump and his pathetic team should have thought about unity the day BEFORE Trump came down that fucking escalator and announced his candidacy by calling Mexicans rapists and criminals who should be rounded up and deported. Because words like those only divided and he did that repeatedly throughout his campaign. Republicans certainly should have thought about unity eight years ago when they had the chance. This call for unity by Trump is laughable and Democrats should do whatever it takes to sabotage this orange asshole s presidency for the next four years. They don t get to sabotage President Obama for eight years without consequences. Trump has said that his favorite verse in the Bible is  eye for an eye.  Liberals and Democrats should demonstrate it for him with the same contempt Republicans showed for President Obama over all these years.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3862, Trump Is Already Mulling His Cabinet Picks And It’s Clear He Has No Idea What He’s Doing,"Now that he s president-elect, Donald Trump has begun turning his attention to his transition, as well as beginning to build up his cabinet. It s early right now, but sources have told Politico who is in line for some top positions. If you weren t already panicking just from his win last night, now would be a good time to start.Perhaps most alarming are his potential picks for Secretary of DHS. Politico reports that Sheriff David Clarke is said to be a major contender. This is the Milwaukee sheriff who made a name for himself calling for  pitchforks and torches  and armed rebellion if Trump lost.But he seems to be the main contender, not the sole contender. There s also a possibility that Bridgegate Kingpin Chris Christie could be in line for the position, as could Rudy Giuliani. Putting either of these people in charge of agencies like U.S. Customs and Border Protection, the FBI, Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and more, could potentially be very damaging.For Secretary of State, we have John Bolton, former U.N. ambassador and senior fellow at the American Enterprise Institute. Bolton was a controversial figure at the U.N., and he championed George W. Bush s insistence on one-sided foreign policy. Fan-bloody-tastic.Newt Gingrich could also be in line for this position, as could Senator Bob Corker of Tennessee.Trump is rumored to want to put his own finance chief, who s a former Goldman-Sachs exec, in as Secretary of the Treasury. Besides the blatant cronyism, a Wall Street executive in a cabinet position goes against everything Trump claimed about Hillary and her ties to the banks.Rudy Giuliani is rumored to be considered for a host of positions, including Attorney General, White House Chief of Staff, Secretary of Homeland Security, and Director of National Intelligence/CIA Director. Giuliani is about as erratic and unreasonable as Trump   the most benign position in this list is probably Chief of Staff.Chris Christie may also be up for Attorney General.Trump s top pick for Secretary of Energy is Continental Resources CEO Harold Hamm. This guy has shaped a lot of Trump s ideas on energy policy, which includes gutting renewable energy and escalating fossil fuel use.For Secretary of the Interior, the leading candidate right now is Forrest Lucas, the founder of Lucas Oil. An oil executive and a vocal animal rights opponent is such a great pick to protect our lands and our wildlife. We can probably say goodbye to national parks, the endangered species list, and more if he s chosen.Other candidates include none other than Queen Drunken Airhead herself, Sarah Palin, as well as Trump s own son, Donald Trump Jr. No nepotism there at all.Trump wants a business leader, a.k.a. a CEO, for Labor Secretary. Interestingly enough, though, the current commissioner of the EEOC, Victoria Lipnic, is said to be a frontrunner for this job. She s one of Obama s picks and supports things like the Equal Pay Act. She wants to get rid of the EEOC s pay data collection system, though.Trump said early on that he wanted to eliminate the EPA, but has since modified that position. However, he wants to put noted climate skeptic Myron Ebell in charge of the agency responsible for ensuring we have clean air and clean water, so he might as well eliminate it.Ben Carson.  Nuff said.Politico has their full list, and CNN also has a list. It s very early yet, and it s true that not every single person Trump is considering would be a bad choice. For instance, he wants someone who s already got a lot of experience with Veterans  Affairs to head up the VA. However, many of his potential picks are rampant with cronyism and just plain sheer idiocy and cluelessness.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3863, Donald Trump From 2012 Would Agree He LOST The Election (TWEET),"If there s one thing this election succeeded in doing, it s bringing heartbreak and confusion to many, many people.So many thought the country was better than the racist, sexist vitriol that spewed from Donald Trump on a daily basis. So many thought that he could never win. The polls even sided with Hillary Clinton, which confused even more when the election results came out.Yet, according to the electoral college, which is outdated and no longer necessary, Donald Trump seemed to squeak through a victory.However, if we were to be an actual democracy and choose a president through who won the most votes, that person would have been Hillary Clinton.Even Donald Trump of 2012 would agree with that, because even he thought the electoral college was unfair. That was, of course, until it worked to his advantage.Trump in 2012 tweeted: The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy. The electoral college is a disaster for a democracy.  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 7, 2012And that s actually a very good point. The electoral college, in this day and age, is well past its expiration date.You see, Hillary Clinton won the popular vote by more than 200K votes:via Google That would, under an actual democracy, make her the winner. However, no. We re stuck with a racist and misogynistic ass who makes fun of POWs and disabled people.I would say we ought to be ashamed of ourselves, but no, Hillary won. Even Donald Trump thinks so.Featured Photo by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3864, SICK: KKK Holding Trump Victory Parade,"The racist Ku Klux Klan is very pleased that Donald Trump has been elected president of the United States in the 2016 election and one chapter of the terrorist group is holding a parade to celebrate his victory.The website for Loyal White Knights of the Ku Klux Klan located in North Carolina announced that they will hold a  klavalkade Klan parade  on December 3rd in order to hail the occasion of the Republican nominee winning.They write:Our goal is to help restore America to a White Christian nation, founded on God s word. This does not mean that we want to see anything bad happen to the darker races   we simply want to live separate from them   As GOD intended. (Lev.20:24-25) It is a simple fact that whenever these races try to integrate themselves into White society, that society is damaged immensely   perhaps even destroyed altogether. Everything that we do as Klan members is in furtherance of our ultimate goal. We are not evil; hateful people as our enemies would have you believe. We are common white people from all walks of life who have recognized the problems that our race is facing. We have chose to stand and fight for those things that we hold dear to our people. Won t you stand with us, while there is still time! It is the duty of all white Christian men and women to fight against the Communist who have stolen our Nation The Trump campaign spent a lot of time courting and promoting white supremacists. They invited white supremacists radio shows to broadcast from campaign stops and on the floor of the Republican Convention, while members of the Trump family also appeared on those programs. Trump himself has promoted tweets from white supremacists, and received an endorsement from former klansman and Republican candidate David Duke.Featured image via screen capture",0
3865," On The Anniversary Of The Berlin Wall Coming Down, Trump Is On His Way Towards Building His Own","Americans woke up on to a country that will soon have Donald Trump serving as president. It is a frightening realization. However, overcome with horror, the irony of the date went largely unnoticed by many. November 9, the day after Election Day, is the anniversary of the Berlin Wall coming down.On this day in 1989, the spokesman for East Berlin s Communist Party announced that citizens of the GDR would be permitted to freely cross the country s borders. The scene of East and West Berliners flooding to the site became iconic. People used hammers and picks to chip away at the wall. The reunification of East and West Germany was made official on October 3, 1990, almost one year after the fall of the Berlin Wall. While almost three decades ago this date became synonymous with freedom in the hearts and minds of so many, Americans woke up today to a president-elect that plans to build a wall of his own. Since the very beginning of his election, Trump has promised to build a wall along the border between Mexico and the United States. Of course, he still insists that Mexico is going to pay for it. Anti-immigrant rhetoric served as the foundation of Trump s campaign and the wall was his keystone.Anti-immigrant rhetoric has served as the foundation of Trump s campaign and the wall has been his keystone. While most of us were simply overwhelmed by the reality of a Trump presidency, some couldn t help but notice the date and point out the irony.The sad irony is that the #berlinwall came down today in 1989 and #PresidentTrump is about to build a new one that will be just as brutal.  Harry Leslie Smith (@Harryslaststand) November 9, 2016It is said that those who don t learn from history are doomed to repeat it. It certainly looks as if we have an awful lot to learn. This is more proof of just how far backward we have to go for Trump to  Make America Great Again.  We took one step forward 27 years ago, and today, we took 10 steps back.Featured image via History.com",0
3866, Students Find F*CK N****RS Scrawled On Classroom Door As Trump Starts Making America Hate Again,"Welcome to Trump s America, a.k.a. Trumplandia. People are saying it s not going to be that bad, everything will be okay, etc., without realizing just what Trump s rise has already unleashed here. Now, with his win, haters, bigots and white supremacists are more likely to openly express their hate since Trump has made doing so  okay  in America.That s sorely evident at Maple Grove Senior High School, where students arrived only to find a classroom door vandalized with epithets and white supremacist messages. How do we know this is because of Trump? Take a look:The rest of the door reads,  #fuckallporchmonkeys, #whitesonly, #whiteamerica, Trump Train.  As near as we can tell, the very bottom reads,  Blacks,  in an oval with an  X  through it. This is how we know Trump and his win inspired this.You can see that the man who posted the image to Facebook, Fred Ndip, says his son no longer feels safe at school. Indeed, he may not be, and like many parents whose children will start experiencing this, Ndip doesn t know what to tell him.This is what we re faced with. Children and teens who already face the sharpest, worst bullying because of who they are and what they look like now get to feel it ten-fold in many places. How is Ndip s son to convince himself that this is just some graffiti and nobody will actually hurt anyone?It s not  just words  and harmless fun. Children learn hate from their parents and their elders. Children who listened to Trump s hate and watched their parents support it and repeat it just learned that their hatred is perfectly fine. This kind of thing is likely just the beginning. Many schools will probably see an uptick in bullying, particularly against anyone who isn t white or Christian.The damage to our children, along to everyone else who will be tossed under the bus when the GOP does its thing, is incalculable. This is one of those times where many of us are hoping we re wrong, and they won t do what we ve been told they want to do, but we re not holding our breath.And the hate will continue and will grow because we elected one of the most hateful men imaginable to the White House. He s an example, and he s made it okay to hate.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3867, BREAKING: Trump Buildings Go On Lockdown As THOUSANDS Protest Trump’s Electoral Victory (VIDEOS),"Across the nation, thousands of upset American citizens are protesting Donald Trump s victory in the 2016 presidential election. Despite losing the popular vote, the deeply disliked candidate is poised to be the next President of the United States, and people aren t happy. Security teams and barricades have been deployed at various Trump properties as fear of damage escalates. Hundreds of people have gathered outside of his Chicago and New York buildings, and protests are happening in major cities from Oregon to Massechusetts.Dozens of other protests have also happened, centered at universities around the nation.Flags have been reported to be burned during protests in Portland, Oregon, with protestors marching and chanting  fuck Donald Trump!  The Mirror reports that  People also burned an effigy of the President-elect, who will be officially sworn into office in January. As they go on to report, the protests aren t just domestic   hundreds also gathered to protest the American embassy in London, as further evidence of the divide we have driven between us and our allies with this disasterous election.In Chicago, New York, DC, San Francisco, Seattle, Oakland, Philadelphia and elsewhere, live protests are happening right now. Various clips can be seen below.Trump Tower:San Francisco:Protestors chanting:  Racist, sexist, anti-gay, Donald Trump go away  pic.twitter.com/6PQu5waZ0p  Nicole Nguyen (@itsnicolenguyen) November 10, 2016DC:Right now at the Trump Hotel in our Nation s capital. Shame on him. #election2016 #werestillwithher pic.twitter.com/pS6svMHPR3  daphne kiplinger (@daphnekiplinger) November 10, 2016The Guardian has live updates on the ongoing protests, and this article will be updated periodically.Featured image by Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3868, Top Hillary-Hater: We’re Going To Keep Hounding Hillary Because Reasons,"Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) has such a hate-on for Hillary that he s going to continue the probe into her emails, despite the fact that the whole debacle only became a massive controversy because the GOP was trying to take Hillary down before the election. Despite millions of taxpayer dollars have been wasted on investigating Hillary six ways from Sunday, it appears that this isn t going away just yet.Chaffetz seemed to try and make it about a responsibility to find out the truth about the largest breach of U.S. security at the State Department, but it s not and we see right through him. Chaffetz just that full of hate for Hillary. What can they really accomplish now with this? What does he hope to accomplish?Millions of taxpayer dollars have already been wasted on fruitless attempts to find Hillary guilty of something, and now he s proven he just can t drop it: I still have a duty and obligation to get to the truth about one of the largest breaches of security at the State Department. And foreign hacks aren t massive breaches of security? Where are all the investigations into how those are happening? Oh, wait, Hillary had nothing to do with them, so they re non-issues. Very tiny, insignificant breaches at worst, if  breach  is even the right word.Chaffetz has also proven just how terrified he is of looking like a failure. Rep. Trey Gowdy (R-SC) already faced possible disgrace after his Benghazi investigation was complete. He couldn t prove Hillary had done anything wrong there, so even though he won re-election, there was a period recently where he looked like a complete failure.Chaffetz? He s basically saying,  We re going to nail Hillary to the wall so we can go down in history as the people who finally managed to take down a Clinton. That s how this reads. And not everyone is on board. Rep. Elijah Cummings (R-MD) responded to this with: After everything our country has just been through and particularly given that Donald Trump and Paul Ryan have both called for healing our nation s divisions I think the American people deserve more from Congress than to continue squandering taxpayer dollars on these baseless Republican accusations and partisan attacks. It s time to give it up, guys. This is just absurd now.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3869, Watch The Moment The Daily Show Realized Trump Won; This Was Probably ALL Of Us (VIDEO),"Election night on November 8, took everyone by surprise. The polls showed Hillary Clinton up pretty much everywhere she needed to be, yet Donald Trump still somehow squeezed out a victory.We saw the shock first hand, the same shock that likely overtook everyone, live on The Daily Show with Trevor Noah s coverage of the election. They really didn t seem to believe how close the race had become.After Noah asks  senior Hillary correspondent  Desi Lydic about how the Clinton campaign is holding up on election night, she responded with: We will just have to wait a little longer than expected to find out if America prefers a competent sane woman or a misogynist troll doll. Unfortunately, we all now how that turned out, and even The Daily Show s  senior political correspondent  Jordan Klepper, who was supposedly at the Trump rally really couldn t believe what was going on, and joked about how everyone there assumed they were going to lose and was ready to blame it on being  rigged. Needless to say, the entire night took everyone by surprise except for maybe Donald Trump himself, who always assumes himself a winner, and this time, to the horror of us all, he was right.Watch it all happen here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
3870," If You’re Mad The Popular Vote Means Nothing, Here’s What You Can Do","Right now, it s looking increasingly like Hillary Clinton is going to win the popular vote, although we won t know for sure for weeks. And it wouldn t be the first time in recent history that the Democratic Party has lost the election while winning the popular vote, either. For many people, that s incredibly frustrating.Increasingly, people on both sides of the aisle have agreed that our presidential election process is shockingly undemocratic. After all, when it comes down to it, individual votes only count in swing states. If you re in Texas voting Democrat, or California voting Republican, that doesn t mean anything right now when it comes to presidential politics. A handful of swing states decide national elections, and when the math adds up right (or wrong, depending on how you look at it), it s possible for a candidate with popular support and the majority of ballots cast for them to still lose.Thanks to gerrymandering, the Democratic Party couldn t afford a close election, and this was too close.The good news is, there s something you can do!Eleven states have already signed on to the National Popular Vote bill, which is an interstate compact agreeing to cast the votes of those states (165 in all) to whoever wins the popular vote in the general election. If more states sign on, specifically 105 votes  worth, it s decided   the popular vote will determine who wins the general election.If you live in California, New York, New Jersey, Illinois, Maryland, Washington, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Vermont, Hawaii, or DC, your district is already on board with truly democratic elections. Although those states are mostly blue, not all of the legislative branches are, so there s hope!If you do not live in one of those states, you can pressure your state legislators to pass a bill joining the cause. You can find the progress made in your state already at this link, or find out more behind the movement in general here.Featured image by Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3871, Joy Behar Drops DEPRESSING Truthbomb About Why Trump Won (VIDEO),"While most of us are still in a state of shock over the results of the 2016 election, the women of The View tried to reassure Americans and help them process the fact that we are now facing a Donald Trump presidency.While many Americans like to make arguments about policy and Hillary Clinton s emails, co-host Joy Behar wasted no time in pinpointing what one of the major issues of this election were. Behar went right to the root of the problem and declared that without a doubt, gender had played a huge role in how this election played out.Whoopi Goldberg began the conversation by voicing her concerns about Trump, stating that his misogyny and racism truly make him a terrifying choice for America. She said: I have to say, given the bigger picture of what Donald Trump represents, it is not so comfortable for me because not only does he now threaten how things are going to be done with kids of color, with women s rights, with my right to decide what is right for my body, not what somebody else says what is right. Goldberg wondered  whether we are a nation who believes in people s rights as they are Constitutionally guaranteed. Behar responded with a brutal truthbomb, making reference to the fact that even in the year 2016, sexism allows less qualified men (or in this case, completely UNqualified men) to come out ahead of women who are over-qualified. Behar said: You know what I learned. I learned that, as usual men can get away with anything and women can get away with nothing. That s what I learned. He was unbelievably decisive, bigoted, racist, homophobic, against handicapped people, against John McCain, and yet he won. She made some mistakes, but not like that. Exactly. There is no other plausible reason why a reality televison star with zero political experience and several lawsuits (including fraud and sexual assault cases) against him should have been able to win a presidential election over a former Secretary of State who has given the last several decades of her live to serving this country.You can watch Behar speak the truth below:This election showed America that we are far from the post-racial society we thought we were, and that sexism is more than alive and well today. It s going to be an intense next four years, but we must never stop fighting for what s right.Featured image via screenshots",0
3872, Hillary Said We ‘Owe Donald Trump The Chance To Lead’ — Here Is Why She Is Dead Wrong,"Sometimes, it sucks to take the high road.  When they go low, we go high  has, sadly, led to loss   and now, in defeat, Hillary Clinton is being way too nice even still.No, seriously. Go check her Twitter right now. In case you can t, here are some screenshots that might make you feel a little sick: It s generic, tin-can conceding politician stuff, but she s still wrong, and shouldn t be saying those things. See, here s the deal. Republicans are going to use this election say they have a mandate from the American people to basically do whatever the hell they want.But they don t. They spent eight years blocking President Barack Obama and the Democratic Party from doing almost anything   they wouldn t even hold a vote on President Obama s SCOTUS nominee. Add that to the fact that Donald Trump likely lost the popular vote, and that Republicans lost seats in the House of Representatives (despite outrageously gerrymandered districts that very literally make democratic votes count less) and a seat in the Senate, and the reality here is that Republicans barely managed to win an election that was heavily rigged in their favor.Unfortunately for progressive causes and the millions of people that will be adversely affected by Whitelash 2016, it s unlikely that Democratic senators will be willing to take things as far as their colleagues across the aisle. It s hard to see Democrats stomping their feet and shutting down the government, for example. The Tea Party, by contrast, will do literally anything to accomplish their goals, and call this  principled.  In American politics, it looks like the willingness to stick by ideology no matter what is more of a winner than being reasonable or pragmatic.The truth is that we don t owe Republicans a damn thing. At this point, all we can hope is that the Democrats in the Senate keep a strong spine, stay  principled,  and refuse to let Republicans accomplish as many parts of  the most conservative platform in history  as possible. They have no mandate. The people did not vote for this. And it s up to what few blue leaders we have left to do everything they can to control the damage.Featured image by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
3873, Russia Brags About Helping Trump Win As Our European Allies Fear Weakening Of NATO,"Russia and Vladimir Putin got what they wanted last night when Donald Trump won the election.Throughout this campaign, Trump suggested policies that would weaken the NATO alliance that has helped Europe resist the threat of Russian military advances for decades.Trump advisers have also suggested that he would lift sanctions against Russia and the GOP platform has removed a plank condemning Putin s aggressive seizure of the Crimea in Ukraine. Now Russian is emboldened because they have someone in the White House that they can take advantage of.And make no mistake about it, Donald Trump will be Putin s puppet.That s why Russia is now openly bragging about helping Trump win.According to The Guardian,Sergei Markov, a pro-Kremlin political analyst, was jubilant at the result and said a Trump presidency would make it more likely the US would agree with Russia on Syria, where the two powers back different sides and Moscow has intervened decisively on behalf of the president, Bashar al-Assad.Markov also said it would mean less American backing for  the terroristic junta in Ukraine . He denied allegations of Russian interference in the election, but said  maybe we helped a bit with WikiLeaks. Trump s victory certainly scares Russian investigative journalist Yevgania Albats. As it became clear that Hillary Clinton lost, she called the election a  disaster  that Putin will use to his advantage. I cannot believe it,  she said.  There will be absolutely no constraints on Putin now at all. This will be a disaster. Indeed, and if Putin decides to attack NATO-affiliated nations such as those in the Baltics, Trump has already declared that those nations are on their own if they don t bigger dues to maintain the NATO alliance.When asked in July is he would rush to aid these nations militarily if Russia attacks, Trump said  If they fulfill their obligations to us, the answer is yes. In other words, Trump is willing to abandon our allies and allow Russia to gain a foothold in Europe over money even though every member nation contributes their fair share.Even Ronald Reagan would not have abandoned NATO, nor would he have allowed Russia to influence American power. But Trump is poised to do just that and the Kremlin rewarded him handsomely by making him president via espionage.Republicans should be ASHAMED of themselves.Featured Image: Photo of Donald Trump by Joe Raedle/Getty Images. Photo of Vladimir Putin by Thierry Chesnot/Getty Images. Images merged by Rika Christensen",0
3874, RIGGED: Hillary Wins Popular Vote As Republicans Claim WH Victory,"While the final vote tally won t be in for quite some time, at this point it s looking like the massive victory Republicans were granted yesterday was due largely in part to gerrymandering   perfectly legal rigging of the vote that parties take advantage of during the census. Because Republicans controlled most state legislatures during the time of the last census, Republican votes tend to count more than Democratic votes do.That s why, despite the simple fact that more people probably voted for Hillary Clinton, we are facing at least four years of a Donald Trump presidency. We actually saw exactly how this would play out in 2012, when Republicans took the House despite losing by over a million in the popular vote. Democrats simply can t afford close races.It s hard to admit, but Donald Trump was right about something   the election WAS rigged. By state and congressional Republicans, and then by obstructionists. Hopefully, this loss teaches the Democrats that stayed home and leftists that refused to unify that we can t afford to put ideology over pragmatism. When the other side is cheating, the only solution is to boost turnout beyond what they can cope with. That s really the only way to see a silver lining in any of this   maybe people will learn. The Democratic Party picked up seats in the House and Senate   enough to give the GOP a taste of  no    but the next four years are looking bleak.Here s a video that explains the process of gerrymandering and how Republicans have orchestrated it so that your vote doesn t count the way it should:Also, you should know there is an interstate compact between quite a few states   and the list is growing   that are pledging to give their electors to the winner of the popular vote the next time around. That d be a win for democracy. If we d had that in play this time around, we might not be looking at a Donald Trump presidency. And it would mean that every vote does, indeed, count   right now, unless you live in a swing state, you probably already know whether your vote counts before you cast it.Photo by John Sommers II/Getty Images",0
3875, WATCH: Van Jones Says EXACTLY What Needs To Be Said About Tonight’s Election Results In This Video,"The election result tonight is hard to swallow for many of us. Donald Trump is so deeply unpresidential in so many ways, it s hard to imagine we live in a country that would actually stoop so low as to elect him. And the hardest part might be explaining it to those that just don t have the tools yet to understand   especially when we re having trouble grasping it ourselves.Nobody has made that point better than CNN s Van Jones, who makes a passionate and stirring point about the difficulty for some parents in explaining to their children how a person like Donald Trump could become president. He s also right about his other point   Donald Trump is the result of  whitelash.  It s the middle finger from white America for electing Barack Obama, and for daring to nominate Hillary Clinton. This was about race, and it was about sexism   and it was about gerrymandered districts which gave the Republican Party more electoral representation per vote than the Democratic Party.Here s the video of his comments, courtesty of Now This:Featured image via screenshot",0
3876," As Votes For Trump Went Up, Canada’s Immigration Site Went Down — HARD","Well, sad to say, it s a sure chance the next president of our beloved United States of America is going to be Donald Trump. It s disappointing to say the least that our country could actually elect a man like him. However, the electoral college has mostly spoken, and there s not much we can do at this point.Now, the people of America who voted against Trump are trying to escape as they realize all they have done was in vain. By escape I mean, they are fleeing to Canada, in such large quantities that they have successfully caused Canada s immigration to crash. That s right, even with unofficial results in, they know something s gotta give.The best part is this isn t the first time Canada s website crashed from desperate Americans. During Super Tuesday the site crashed, and also the Google search for  move to Canada  spiked significantly. Now, Canada has a reputation for being nice. So nice that they responded with an advertisement:  Test Drive Canada . Isn t that something?It s not a big surprise that those who despise Mr. Trump would look toward our friendly Northern-Neighbours. After all, they have great healthcare, welfare, friendly to Obama, and don t forget the maple syrup. What s not to love? Just one little problem with everyone leaving though. The less people here in America who still stand against Trump the more he can do what he wants with our country. Some of us want to stay here and thwart our new orange president every chance we get. The less of us here to do so, well, the less he ll be thwarted. So for the love of America, as tempting as it might be, don t leave. Stay here, stand together, and let s all say  screw you, Trump!  together. It looks like he lost the popular vote, so the fact is,  the people  didn t vote for him.Photo by Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3877, Lindsey Graham Sends A Final ‘F*** You’ To Trump As He Announces Who He Voted For (TWEETS),"This election has been hard for South Carolina senator Lindsey Graham. After fighting his little Republican heart out in the primaries only to see a reality TV star defeat him and every other more qualified GOPer, Graham continued to be devastated long after Trump became the Republican nominee.Graham s journey through Trump s campaign has been nothing short of an emotional roller coaster, starting with him trashing The Donald and refusing to keep his promise to support the party s nominee regardless of who it was. Then, Graham eventually decided to support Trump after much hesitance, only to completely disown him in the end after one too many offensive statements and erratic stunts. Needless to say, Graham is probably one of the most relieved people in the GOP that this election has finally come to an end.On Tuesday, Graham decided to celebrate Election Day with one more final  F*ck You  to Trump, someone that Graham clearly doesn t think deserves to be anywhere near the White House. Using his hatred for Trump as the inspiration behind his voting choice, Graham announced who he actually voted for on Twitter, and it s going to break Trump s little black heart:TwitterTwitterTwitterGraham decided that since he can t stand the thought of voting for Trump but didn t want to vote for Hillary Clinton, either, that he would just vote for the next best thing in his mind   Evan McMullin, who came into the election late with the simple goal of being an alternative to Trump.Graham is the very first senator to publicly say that he s voting for the conservative independent candidate, and it s a huge slap in the face to Trump. We expect that many more disgruntled Republicans will be making similar choices, although many may not have the courage to actually admit it.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla and Alex Wong / Getty Images",0
3878," Well, We’re F*cked — America’s ‘Brexit’ Becomes A Reality As Republicans Win At Every Level","It s over, folks. Shy a miracle, and despite probably losing the popular vote, Trump has won the election (and wrecked the world economy in the process).There s really not much to say about this other than  try not to kill yourself via alcohol poisoning.  The United States of America has entered the Twilight Zone and now answers to President  Grab  Em By the Pussy  Trump. Undoubtedly when he  opens up the libel laws,  life will get much more interesting for me, but for now, my job is clear   and so is yours. Through protest and action, every point on the Republican agenda must be stopped.I don t know why so many Democrats chose to stay home. I don t know why so many people thought that  what if burning it all down is really the answer.  For the families of immigrants and for the 11 million forming a vital part of our economy, it wasn t the answer. For the millions of people who have lost faith in the police and public institutions, this certainly wasn t the answer. For our allies abroad, this was not the answer. For religious minorities, this was not the answer. For women who have faced public shame at the hands of abusers, for women in general, hell, for people   this was not the answer.An orange buffoon with the temperament of a spoiled toddler is shortly going to be given access to the most powerful nuclear arsenal in the world. Let that sink in for a few seconds.Along with the obvious electoral bloodshed, Democratic candidates faced a bloodbath in the House and Senate, respectively. You can google the numbers. I m going to take the time I would have otherwise taken to do that for you here to pour myself another drink and pack another bowl (Oregon remains a liberal bastion, and if that bastard comes for our weed, I m going to grab that stupid Tea Party flag and scream  states  rights!  in his face until my throat bleeds. How else are we possibly going to cope with this?).And thanks to President Obama s right to a nominee being stolen from him, that means that the Supreme Court will remain conservative   as Trump himself has said, we ll be getting another Scalia.Cheers, America. Maybe we deserve this.Featured image via Getty/Anadolu Contributor",0
3879, Stock Market Literally SHUTS DOWN And Dollar Drops As Conservatives Kill Economy By Voting For Trump,"The prospect of Donald Trump winning the presidency is scaring the hell out of the world s markets, and conservatives are to blame.The economy is facing a free-fall that will make Brexit look like a yawn if Donald Trump pulls out a win. As the electoral votes came in for Trump on Tuesday night, Dow Jones futures dropped an astonishing 750 points while the value of the dollar dropped just over one percent.According to Market Watch,Futures for the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged nearly 750 points before modestly paring losses as Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump s lead in the Electoral College over Democratic rival Hillary Clinton widened.Dow futures YMZ6, -3.63% were off 700 points, or 3.9%, at 17,574. The U.S. dollar USDJPY, -3.23% slumped 3.2% to  101.64. The ICE U.S. Dollar index, a measure of the dollar s strength against a basket of six rivals, was off 1.2% at 96.68.And the damage was not isolated to the United States as Asian and Australian markets also fell and the Mexican peso dropped in value to a new record low as well.In Asia, stocks opened sharply lower, with Hong Kong s Hang Seng index HSI, -2.82% down 607 points, or 2.7%, at 22,299. The Nikkei 225 NIK, -4.79% slid 783 points, or 4.5%, at 16,387. Australia s all-ordinaries index XAO, -2.26% was off 143 points, or 2.7%, at 5,198.Meanwhile, the Mexican peso USDMXN, +12.0999% plunged more than 11% to a new record low at 20.30 pesos to the dollar.Unrelated but still worth noting, the Canadian immigration website has crashed, presumably because people are scared to death at the prospect of a Trump presidency.Republican voters literally put America s economy at serious risk by voting for Donald Trump. If the world economy takes a major hit and consequently hurts this country and erases all of the progress we have made since the Great Recession eight years ago, Republicans will OWN this. It will be their fault and they will be the only ones to blame.This election is a seriously embarrassing moment in our history and our reputation around the world just went from one of respect to a total joke.These conservative voters in rural areas just got duped into thinking that this billionaire blowhard actually cares about them, their families, their jobs, and their financial future. But they are about to be severely disappointed because Trump only cares about himself. He does not care about making sure people get a fair wage. He does not care about all those blue-collar workers who somehow think Trump will bring back manufacturing jobs. This is a guy who imports materials from China because he d rather buy cheap instead of buying from American companies.So if you are a conservative and you lose your job, home, and savings. Look in the mirror and blame yourself. You caused your own misery and you deserve every bit of it.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3880," On Election Day, Trump Calls Running For President A “Waste Of Time’ (VIDEO)","Whether Republican nominee Donald Trump actually ever wanted to be the next President of the United States has been under speculation for a while now, especially with rumors about a Trump TV network surfacing as his campaign came to an end. It probably doesn t help that Trump celebrated Election Day by dissing his own presidential campaign, perhaps in early acceptance that he might come out of this defeated.In an interview with Fox and Friends on Tuesday morning, Trump decided to spend Election Day telling Americans that his campaign might very well have been a big waste of time for him. His exact words were: If I don t win, I will consider it a waste of time, energy and money. Seriously, could Trump be any less deserving of America s future? His rival, Hillary Clinton, would never have called her campaign a  waste  and understands what an honor it is to lead this country. To imply that he might have better things to do with his time is extremely disrespectful and ignorant of Trump, which is hardly surprising when you look back on how awful his campaign was. You can watch Trump diss his own campaign below:What Trump s family members said on Election Day wasn t much better. On MSNBC s Morning Joe, Donald Trump, Jr. seemed to already be accepting defeat as he spoke about what the Trump family would do after the election. Trump s son said: [If he doesn t win,] we go back largely to doing what we re doing. But I think hopefully he was able to create enough of a movement that forces people in the political elite, people in that political class to truly represent their people. These interviews clearly show that Trump doesn t understand the responsibility or honor that comes with being the commander-in-chief. We ve never had a less worthy presidential candidate, and he doesn t deserve to be elected.Featured image via Andrew Renneisen / Getty Images",0
3881, BREAKING: Active Shooter Reported Outside Los Angeles Polling Location – 1 Dead,"An active shooter situation is developing in Los Angeles outside a polling place in Azusa. Not much is known at the moment, including whether the shooting is political in nature or not. However, the fact that it happened outside a polling location automatically makes it suspicious.According to the Los Angeles Times, the shooting happened sometime after 2 p.m. Pacific time, so just before polls closed on the East Coast. Police are not reporting the exact location of the shooting in order to protect the safety of the officers, victims, and bystanders in the area.One victim was rushed to the hospital where they died. Three others were wounded. One voter told CNN: At first, I thought it was construction but people came running into the room saying they see a guy with a bulletproof vest and a white shirt. As of right now, they just have us in the voting room and are trying to keep us calm. The polling station and two schools were on lockdown at the time of this posting. The L.A. County registrar was urging voters to steer clear of the area. Police have said the shooting is contained now:#UPDATE: Police say shooter in Azusa has been contained,but shelter in place order remains for those nearbyhttps://t.co/C7J0v5eLFd  Good Day LA (@GDLA) November 9, 2016Given that this is the most contentious election in modern history, and it s been fueled by some of the worst right-wing hate there is, it s not hard to wonder whether the shooting was related to Donald Trump s calls for supporters to  ensure  that everything at polls around the country is the up-and-up. It s also possible that someone wanted to scare people away from the polls.NOTE: We are not saying that this is the case because we don t know what happened right now. It s entirely possible that this is completely unrelated to the election   authorities aren t releasing much information.Police are saying that the shooter has been contained, but voters are still going to alternate polling places.Featured image via screen capture from embedded tweet",0
3882, The Internet Hilariously Reacts To Picture Of Trump’s Hideous Victory Cake (TWEETS),"Donald Trump is counting on a big win tonight, although most pollsters indicate a victory for Hillary Clinton. Still yet, we re sure he s prepared a concession speech. Joking! In preparation for Donald s victory party, he has a cash bar set up for guests, according to Ben Jacobs of The Guardian on Twitter. We do hope Donald has paid the bar staff in advance. Also, his baker. A picture of Trump s hideous victory cake was just released.The bizarre cake featuring Donald s head was just wheeled into Trump Tower.A Donald Trump cake being wheeled into Trump Tower @abc #ElectionDay pic.twitter.com/HSkHChfUSA  Jason Volack (@jasonvolack) November 8, 2016The response from Twitter was quick..@jasonvolack @ABC pic.twitter.com/aZU6U8QbtA  Erick Fernandez (@ErickFernandez) November 8, 2016Trump s little hands.so lifelike tbh jason@jasonvolack @ABC pic.twitter.com/7BZiaNMj5v  darth  ? zero day (@darth) November 8, 2016u just know trump spent more time posing for this cake than he did preparing for any of the debates ?@jasonvolack @ABC  darth  ? zero day (@darth) November 8, 2016pic.twitter.com/hdyyRMjtFp  darth  ? zero day (@darth) November 8, 2016 never talk to me or my son ever again  pic.twitter.com/dUIMDLFIVc  darth  ? zero day (@darth) November 8, 2016@jasonvolack @pbump @ABC pic.twitter.com/2AkSOmoz4O  Tom Tomorrow (@tomtomorrow) November 8, 2016@tomtomorrow @bshoup @jasonvolack @pbump @ABC pic.twitter.com/uDOeyAoHUr  Renato Pagnani (@rennavate) November 8, 2016@jasonvolack @ABC That baker is SO not getting paid.  Anne_Boerner (@anne_boerner) November 8, 2016@jasonvolack it s got that Christie thousand-yard stare  Adam Steinbaugh (@adamsteinbaugh) November 8, 2016@jasonvolack @ABC Good god, really? that s terrifying.  Four Legsgood (@4lgsgood) November 8, 2016@jasonvolack @ABC they ve made him a cake of Angela Lansbury?  Emma Kennedy (@EmmaKennedy) November 8, 2016@jasonvolack @ABC ghoulish   his head on a platter  are you sure it s not for Hillary s event?  Margaux Nasty Gray (@RedGray) November 8, 2016As we wait in anticipation for the results to come in tonight, exit polling shows that Hillary Clinton s ground game is far superior to that of Donald Trump s. But, Donald has a cake and a cash bar!Image via Twitter. ",0
3883, Trump Supporter Pulls Gun On Man Because He Refused To Vote For Trump,"Of course, this happened in Florida.After reportedly failing to convince a man to support Donald Trump during a heated argument at a polling place in a Lake Worth church, a Trump supporter resorted to pulling a gun on him.Palm Beach County Sheriff s deputies responded to the incident and promptly arrested the Trump supporter, who was seen wearing his  Make America Great Again  hat as he was being placed in the back of a police cruiser.A witness said the Trump supporter got into an argument with the voter after he refused to vote for Trump.Here s some images of the man being taken into custody via Facebook.With the results of the election only hours away, one has to wonder if incidents like this will explode across the country if Donald Trump loses to Hillary Clinton.After all, Trump supporters have repeatedly threatened bloody violence, including assassination attempts and a coup in retaliation if their side loses.And since Donald Trump has repeatedly called the election  rigged  and has refused to say that he would concede if he loses, we can only wait and see how the results unfold and watch the reaction.Voting should be a safe civic activity for every person in this country. Pulling a firearm just because another voter does not share your choice of candidate is uncivilized and damages the democratic process. Polling places should be safe spaces no matter how much we disagree with each other.This is one of the nastiest elections in American history and it may end up being one of the most violent. That s what Trump and his deplorable supporters have done this year. And it s absolutely disgraceful.Featured Image: Facebook",0
3884, Trump Tries To MANIPULATE Nevada Vote And Gets Shut Down HARD,"Trump is panicking to the point where he s not sleeping and he even tried to hold five rallies across half the country on Sunday (and failed miserably). He s panicking so much that he filed what s possibly the most frivolous election lawsuit ever against Clark County for violating Nevada election law by allowing a polling place in a market in Vegas to stay open until the line was gone.Nevada law allows anyone who was in line at the time the polls close to still vote, and when lines are exceptionally long, that means polling places stay open late. Trump tried to claim that the Cardenas market, which was serving primarily Latino voters, was allowing people to get in line after the 8 p.m. close.He also wanted records from that particular polling place, information about specific poll workers, and for ballots to be kept away from machines that were supposedly problematic.And he got shot down. Royally. District Judge Gloria Sturman not only rejected all his requests, but she voiced concern that revealing that information could put poll workers in danger: Have you watched Twitter? Do you watch any cable news shows? People can get information and harass them. She also said: Why would I order [election officials] to make available to you information about people who work at polls when its not already a public requirement to do so. So that those people can be harassed for doing their civic duty?I m just puzzled how you think you will use this evidence anyway. And she said she couldn t force the election judges to do what they were already doing by law, which is keeping records and preserving ballots.Trump was playing innocent about this, saying at the time he filed that complaint: We have to keep the system honest. Oh please. He wouldn t know what honest was if it smacked him upside the head. This was probably one of the more dishonest things he s done since voting started, and it was likely with a goal of invalidating the votes of Latinos who were probably voting for Hillary Clinton. Whether that could actually happen or not, that was probably the goal.On Trump s warped planet, doing something about those votes could have given him an edge (in reality, probably not, but we re not talking reality here).Tonight s impending drubbing must really be terrifying him to pull something like this.Featured image by Scott Eisen via Getty Images",0
3885, WTF: There’s A ‘Make America Great Again’ Hat In A Museum Case At Trump’s Election Venue (IMAGE),"If there s one thing we ve learned in this election, it s that Donald Trump s narcissism has absolutely no boundaries. He s clearly in love with himself and is only in this election to prove that he s loved. It d be sad if it weren t so damn scary.In what might be the most bizarre and narcissistic thing yet to come out of the Donald Trump campaign, there seems to be a  Make America Great Again  red hat in a museum box at the venue where Trump is holding his election night rally.Joe Perticone tweeted the image earlier today:There's a framed 'Make America Great Again' hat on the stage at Trump's venue in New York pic.twitter.com/5i07JhK8l2  Joe Perticone (@JoePerticone) November 8, 2016Seriously though, what the actual f*ck is that? Maybe Trump is preparing the hat for the Smithsonian for that time the United States almost handed the reins over to a complete and utter narcissistic a**hole.That really can be the only reasoning behind it. Because otherwise, nobody actually gives a sh*t about that damn hat other than Trump himself.That hat, mind you, is reminiscent of the Gulf War hats sold at gas stations during the early 1990s.One can only hope that this will be the last time we even have to listen to Trump give a speech in our lifetime.Featured Photo by Mark Wallheiser/Getty Images",0
3886, Couple Married 37 Years In Disagreement On Election; Watch The HILARIOUS Twist (VIDEO),"This election is bringing out all kinds of emotions in pretty much everyone. If you re not extraordinarily passionate about one of the candidates, you re at least passionate about the election finally being over. The amount of mudslinging and divisive rhetoric throughout the course of this election is enough to make anyone s head spin.Catching up with some folks in North Strabane, Pennsylvania, CNN captured the reaction of one couple, married 37 years, who is most definitely split on who they are voting for.However, the split might not be how you assumed it would go. The woman, Jackie Krachala, was asked if she s excited for the first female president, but she emphatically shouted: NO! However, her husband hilarious chimed in behind her, and said: I am. Ha! Good for you.This election is definitely dividing friendships and families in ways never quite seen before in any election. However, one thing is abundantly clear, EVERYONE will be happy when this election is finally over. Hopefully with Donald Trump staying as far away from the Oval Office as possible.Watch the hilarious moment between the couple here via Deadspin s Twitter:My goodness pic.twitter.com/BF3vzVAxHx  Deadspin (@Deadspin) November 8, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
3887, Trump Gets HILARIOUSLY Mocked For Looking Over His Wife’s Shoulder While She Voted,"Donald Trump showed up to vote in New York City with his wife Melania and hilarity ensued.When the Trump s walked through the doors they were greeted by a round of boos and jeers. Clearly, New York voters are not Trump fans.But Trump s day got even worse when he tried to sneak a peek at Melania s ballot, apparently just making sure she votes for him.Well, a photo of the moment was captured and now the Internet is having a field day mocking the Republican nominee.This picture is everything. pic.twitter.com/m9Blodj90f  Amanda Marcotte (@AmandaMarcotte) November 8, 2016 Donald Trump leads by example, closely poll watching as a suspected illegal immigrant attempts to vote.  pic.twitter.com/dykNWdsUXx  Dan Baulch (@DaRealDanBaulch) November 8, 2016trump panicked and had to copy melania s ballot. now both are voting for hillary pic.twitter.com/fiFO5tSrMh  daddy s lil psycho (@tannermuro) November 8, 2016Melania, it s  Trump   .. no,  Trump   .. what re you .you re marking the wrong box. Melania. MELANIA pic.twitter.com/GD99GYRYNQ  Andrew Lawrence (@ndrew_lawrence) November 8, 2016Trump wondering who Melania is voting for: https://t.co/O5hh8yqHl5  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) November 8, 2016s/o to this golden moment where Trump let us all know that he doubted his own wife would vote for him. pic.twitter.com/rDdUtlxvsu  JamesMichael Nichols (@jamesmichael) November 8, 2016Trump reusing the strategy that got him through an Ivy League school. pic.twitter.com/0Gf8of9PFy  cam (@goethelife) November 8, 2016Holy Shit! Is there nothing Trump won t allow a woman to do on her own? #ControlFreak @realDonaldTrump @HillaryClinton #usa #nyc #shame #yyc pic.twitter.com/W7kpWfKOzF  Unite Alberta (@UniteAlbertans) November 8, 2016Either Trump doesn t trust her, or he s trying to work out how to vote pic.twitter.com/CimZAQl82a  Rupert Myers (@RupertMyers) November 8, 2016Trust, but verify (via @AmandaMarcotte) pic.twitter.com/pzTvipeW1p  Judd Legum (@JuddLegum) November 8, 2016In fact, Donald isn t the only male Trump who watched their spouse vote.Like father, like son pic.twitter.com/dqnoEZF4xf  Nathan McDermott (@natemcdermott) November 8, 2016So not only did Trump get booed at his polling location, he feared that his own wife would vote against him. Talk about being a paranoid control freak. And it would be completely understandable if she didn t vote for her husband, especially considering he has treated women like shit his whole life.Featured image via screenshot",0
3888, WATCH: Bill Maher HAMMERS Trump In Final Plea To Voters On Fallon,"Bill Maher made an appearance on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon and made sure everyone knows exactly who Donald trump is and why we shouldn t vote for him.Fallon asked for Maher s thoughts on the election and he did not disappoint. Maher conceded that Hillary is not the best candidate, but said she will be a good president.He then slammed Trump for cheering for Russian hackers to keep committing espionage against the United States.When the subject of  locker room talk  came up, Maher was even more emphatic.Maher said that what Trump said is not  locker room talk,  it s a guy bragging about committing sexual assault.  GOP now stands for grab our p*ssies,  Maher declared.When Fallon joked that it sounds like Maher supports Trump, Maher got serious. It s not funny,  he said.  This is a different thing. I did a whole mea culpa on my show Friday night, I talked about Mitt Romney, George Bush, Reagan, McCain like it was the end of the world. It would never have been the end of the world with those guys. This is different. This guy is different. They have no respect for the rule of law. It s only about vengeance. When asked what he would say to undecided voters, Maher made things simple. First of all, really? I mean, he s a racist, a liar, a tax cheat, a deadbeat, a Russian agent, and a sexual predator.  How do you find your way out of the door in the morning?  is what I would say to the undecideds. Maher concluded by slamming conservatives for creating an alternate reality where America is failing and President Obama did a horrible jobs. The facts, however, paint a different story before unemployment is down to 4.9 percent and the stock market has more than recovered since the Great Recession.Here s the video via YouTube.Americans need to vote in this election no matter what. The future of this nation depends on it.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3889, WATCH: Anderson Cooper HUMILIATES Trump Supporter For Whining About Jay-Z At Hillary Rally,"Anderson Cooper only needed a single sentence to put a Trump supporter to shame.During a panel discussion at a Hillary Clinton campaign rally in Philadelphia, which featured a performance by Bruce Springsteen, the CNN host listened as Trump minions Jeffrey Lord and Kayleigh McEnany whined and complained.Lord got the whine party started by claiming that most people in the crowd at Hillary s rally are only there to see Springsteen while Trump s audience is only at his rallies to see Trump.Lord then shifted to talking about Michelle Obama and how Trump s past statements about grabbing women  by the p*ssy  caused her to get more involved in the election, which Lord claims makes her a hypocrite because she likes Jay-Z and Beyonce. One of the things that got her interested in this all of a sudden was that Access Hollywood tape, in which the P-word was mentioned,  Lord said.  And yet there is Hillary Clinton with Jay-Z who has a song, specifically titled with the P-word. Cooper responded by pointing out that Jay-Z is not running for president. It should also be noted that Jay-Z was not singing about sexually assaulting women, which is exactly what Trump was bragging about on that bus.Still, Lord claimed that Michelle Obama and Hillary Clinton are hypocrites, and McEnany agreed. The difference is for Jay-Z to shout these expletives on a stage at a political rally while the Democrats are trying to stand on a moral high ground saying we re better than that and Hillary Clinton is putting out commercials with little girls looking in the mirror,  she said.But Cooper was ready for that and promptly humiliated her by pointing out something that a conservative musician did at a recent Trump rally. Ted Nugent grabbed his package at his concert, didn t he?  Cooper asked as McEnany sat in stunned silence for a couple seconds.Here s the video via VidMe.Trump supporters will literally say anything to criticize Hillary Clinton. Their attacks are nothing more than petty jealousy because their candidate is so embarrassingly bad.But at least we have Anderson Cooper to call them out and smack them down when necessary.Featured Image via screenshot",0
3890, This Is How Trump Could Win In A Landslide – Prepare To Laugh,"Ah, the ultimate Trump fangirl, with the exception of Sarah Palin (gag). Both of them are enamored of Trump, and it s not hard to believe that they might even think they re in love with him. Palin s just an idiot about it, though. Ann Coulter, though? She s a very cunning racist closed-mind who wants Trump to win so badly that she would make voting rights for every group of people here disappear entirely. Except her own, of course. Maybe.Last night s tweet about it was probably one of the most egregious of ideas for how to ensure that we crown King Trump:If only people with at least 4 grandparents born in America were voting, Trump would win in a 50-state landslide.  Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) November 8, 2016HAHAHAHAHAHAHA! The funny thing is that if we went by that standard, Trump s own kids couldn t vote for him. Trump himself couldn t even vote   all his grandparents came from Europe, as did his mother, which excludes Tiffany. So even his grandkids, if they were of age, couldn t vote for him.And then there s Melania, who worked in this country illegally. For all we know, she stole a modeling job from an American model who badly needed the work. Going by Coulter s logic, she shouldn t be allowed to cast a vote for her husband. But then again, Trump s logic about immigrants would send Melania back to Slovenia, since there s a chance she stole a job from a hardworking American.Then there are all the people with four grandparents that were born here who still think Trump is a racist prick and would never vote for him. My family history here goes all the way back to before we were even a country. In fact, my family was here almost 150 years before the Declaration of Independence was signed. Plenty of others like me feel the same, but of course a racist like Coulter didn t think of that.Actually, it s very likely that all she thought of was eliminating the Latino vote, because many Latinos are first- or second-generation, and tend to vote Democratic. She didn t think of all the members of  her kind  who are likewise first- and second-generation, who couldn t vote at all if her idea became law.And what of her own family history? She considers herself, and her family,  settlers  rather than  immigrants  (they were immigrants). She would qualify to vote under her idea, so of course most other white conservatives would. She didn t think this through at all. Or maybe she did, but she s so ignorant about the makeup of this country that she has no idea what she just said. She s gone from being an annoyance to being one hell of a joke.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3891," Jon Stewart Returned To CRUSH Trump With Colbert, And It Was SPECTACULAR (VIDEO)","Well, it happened, folks. Jon Stewart made yet another triumphant return just in time for the election, and he definitely had a message to share   DO NOT ELECT DONALD TRUMP.While making an appearance on The Late Show with his old pal Stephen Colbert, the duo made sure the clear message of making sure Trump loses was front and center.Stewart appeared as the  Mayor of Candytown  in an effort to get out the vote.The hilarious sketch showed how shocked Stewart was to hear that Trump had, in fact, been elected as the Republican nominee. Then, when the little orphan in the sketch tried to say she didn t know which nominee was worse, Trump or Hillary Clinton, Colbert and Stewart shouted  He s worse!  very loudly in unison.Making a surprise appearance was none other than Broadway s new  Hamilton  star Javier Mu oz, to again drive the point home to get out and vote.It has become more apparent than ever that pretty much all of sane America knows that Donald Trump cannot be allowed anywhere near the Oval Office. However, to make sure he s never even remotely near the White House, everyone, and I mean everyone, has to get out and vote!In the meantime, watch all the hilarity go down here:Feature image via video screen capture",0
3892, President Obama Gives Powerful Speech At Hillary Clinton Rally On Eve Of Election (VIDEO),"Just hours before the presidential election, President Obama gave a powerful speech at Hillary Clinton s final campaign rally in Philadelphia. Taking full advantage of this last opportunity to appeal to voters, the president gave his final plea to Americans before they choose his successor. I know it s been a long campaign. There s been a lot of noise, and a lot of distraction,  he said. At times, it s felt more like a reality show, or even a parody,  Obama continued.  But tomorrow, tomorrow, Philadelphia, the choice you face when you step into that voting booth could not be clearer and could not be more serious. Obama explained that Trump is completely and totally unqualified to serve as president.  Don t take my word for it, listen to the Republicans who refuse to support him,  the president said.  He lacks a basic understanding of the world. The commander in chief joked again about Trump s aides revoking his Twitter privileges, but at the same time, he made a very good point. Over the weekend, his campaign took away his Twitter account because he s erratic,  Obama said.  If his closest advisors won t trust him to tweet, why would any of us trust him with the nuclear codes? Obama then gave one final endorsement of the Democratic nominee.  You don t have to just vote against someone, you have someone outstanding to vote for in Hillary Clinton,  Obama exclaimed. Hillary, he said, will do whatever it takes to deliver on her campaign promises and make life better for the American people.  She will work. She will deliver. She won t just tweet,  the president said.Watch President Obama s speech in its entirety, here:[ad3media campaign= 1325 ]Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3893, Katy Perry Releases AMAZING Campaign Ad That PERFECTLY Describes Why We’re All Voting For Hillary,"Here on the eve of this historic election, we face what is perhaps the most important election of our lives. We ve watched not just the story of two campaigns during this general election season. We ve also watched the story of two Americas. With GOP nominee Donald Trump, we see a dark, divisive vision of America, a country that deports vulnerable, hard-working immigrants without cause, a country that shuns LGBTQ people, controls women s bodies, and threatens political opponents with prison.On the other hand, with Hillary Clinton, we see a beautiful, diverse, bright future that we can be proud of. We see inclusion, an end to crushing debt for college students, equality across the board, a nation that accepts all   no matter race, ethnicity, religion, creed, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, or any other defining characteristic. We see an America where everyone is welcome, where we can be proud to call ourselves a great nation that loves ALL of its people.Well, popular pop artist Katy Perry has put those ideas together in a brilliant new campaign ad for Hillary Clinton. Set to her hit song  Roar,  the video shows everyday Americans with hopes and dreams like we all have. Flashing across the screen, words tell the story of why they are voting for Hillary Clinton.This election decides who our country is for generations to come, my fellow Americans. I already proudly voted for Hillary, and did everything I could to campaign, donate, phone bank, and get out the vote. I know what kind of America I want us to be. Do you?Without further ado, I leave you with this video, entitled ROAR, to inspire you in this historic time.[ad3media campaign= 1323 ]Featured image via Katy Perry Instagram",0
3894, Every Single Lady On ‘The View’ Just SHREDDED Donald Trump For Obvious LYING (VIDEO),"If there s one thing that has been made one-hundred percent certain throught the course of this presidential election, it s that Donald Trump is a liar. A huge liar.Recently, he may have likely told his biggest whopper yet, and no one, and I mean no one, besides maybe some of his most devout followers, is falling for it.During one of his latest rallies, Trump went on and on about how President Obama handled a protester at one of Hillary Clinton s campaign rallies. Trump said that Obama was shouting and unhinged, but in reality, the president was calm, cool and collected and treated the protester with the utmost respect.Pointing out this utter fallacy were the ladies on ABC s The View. Not one of the women could defend Trump s lies. Not even the most conservative in the bunch.It was also pointed out that Trump has gotten as far as he has by lying and bullying his way to the top and that never should have been allowed to happen.And that s exactly what Trump is   a liar and a bully.Trump cannot be allowed anywhere near the Oval Office.Watch all the women tear Trump apart here: That s not just a little misleading   that s false,  @SaraHaines says of how Trump criticized Pres. Obama s treatment of a protester. pic.twitter.com/EmxpwK0X8t  The View (@TheView) November 7, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
3895," Paul Ryan: No, The GOP Is Not Donald Trump’s Party","Paul Ryan just gave another one of his notoriously lukewarm endorsements of Donald Trump. Intent on walking the thin line between backing his party s nominee and dumping Trump, the speaker of the house has tried to set himself up to come out smelling like a rose regardless of the outcome of tomorrow s election.During a radio interview on Monday, Ryan conceded that, yes, Trump won the Republican nomination  fair and square.  However, when conservative host Charlie Sykes asked if the GOP was now Trump s party, Ryan made it as clear as he could that no, the Republican party does not belong to Donald Trump. It is no one person s party. Donald Trump won the primary fair and square,  Ryan said. As a party leader, as the highest elected official in the party, I have always felt a duty to the process, to democracy, to the primary voter who must be respected. And he won this fair and square,  Ryan added.  But no one person controls this party. This is a bottom-up, organic grassroots party based on conservative principles. What a ringing endorsement to give on the eve of the election. (Insert sarcasm here.)Ryan was slow to endorse Trump and has repeatedly condemned the bombastic billionaire s offensive actions. Ryan denounced the Muslim ban as unconstitutional and declared Trump s attacks on the Mexican-American judge presiding over a Trump University lawsuit as the  textbook definition  of racism. But Ryan just doesn t have the cajones to stand up and walk away from Trump.Sykes asked the speaker about the long list of women who have come forward to accuse Trump of sexually assaulting them after the Access Hollywood tape was leaked, in which Trump bragged about committing sexual assault. Suddenly, Ryan leaped back onto the Trump Train. What do you think helps [Sen.] Ron Johnson and Mike Gallagher and all our candidates across the country more in the closing two days of an election: having party discord and having party leaders snub each other, or unifying the Republican Party and focusing and prosecuting our case against Hillary Clinton?  Ryan responded. What helps Republicans more: infighting or unifying, focusing on Clinton or focusing on our differences as Republicans?  the Speaker continued.  I don t want to harm our team going into the election. I want to unify our team going into the election so as many of our candidates as possible can win this election. Either Ryan can t make up his mind or he is trying to play both sides. Ummm, weasel much?Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images and Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
3896, REPORT: Trump’s Mind SHATTERED In The Face Of Mortifying Defeat,"Going into Election Day, Trump s campaign is worried enough about his lack of control to wrestle his Twitter account away from him, lest he completely loses it there and destroys whatever chance he has left of winning. But that s not all. Reports are surfacing that, in the 11th hour, Trump s entire state of mind is deteriorating as he s increasingly faced with a humiliating loss.The New York Times ran a report on the failing candidate s last gasp of air, finding that Trump sleeps less and less, needs aides and family to talk to him at all hours of the day and night, and requires reassurances that his campaign is still on the right track (it hasn t been on the right track since in launched).He s angry, he s short-tempered, he s erratic, and while that all seems like typical Trump, it s gotten worse in final run-up to Nov. 8.For instance, he s been so upset about early voting numbers and polls that he flew completely off the handle at his staff over an ABC News poll showing Hillary leading by double digits. In doing so, he terrified them into actually discussing a confrontation with the network, accusing them of bias and intent to suppress the vote of Trump fans.He s always thought his rally numbers proved he was winning, but now he pushes that almost to the exclusion of all else as his real numbers fall. And his rallies are indicative of nothing, but they re all he s got left and somewhere he knows it.In fact, that could be why he scheduled five rallies across half the country for one day, three of which were in Minnesota, Virginia and Michigan. He has a less than one-in-five chance of winning those states. He s only got a one-in-four chance of winning Pennsylvania now. Some on Twitter were confused by where he staged his rally blitz:wait. Trump still has to hold a rally in Pennsylvania before going to the rally in Virginia that was supposed to start 10 minutes ago?  Sam Stein (@samsteinhp) November 7, 2016We just landed in Pittsburgh, were a woman is nearly in tears:  Don t schedule five rallies in a day if you can t make them all.  pic.twitter.com/k3vU4JFEAQ  Jenna Johnson (@wpjenna) November 7, 2016Another part of Trump s meltdown is promoting his businesses instead of his candidacy and agenda. His staff has tried, and failed, to keep him corralled and on-message as he does his own thing. Now that he s looking to be royally embarrassed tomorrow night, he has to seem in control of something and he doesn t know how else to look like a success. The newest Hillary email scandal collapsed. Numbers are tightening in some places but early voting heavily favors Hillary in crucial states. Everything that was supposed to put him over the top has dissolved in his hands.And his campaign style has taken on the desperate notes of  I want to look like I went down fighting,  instead of,  I can still win this thing.  Combine that with his lack of sleep, his now-constant need for soothing reassurance, and his increasingly out-of-control temper, and we ve got a presidential candidate who is literally losing his mind.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3897, NC Republicans PROUDLY Brag About How Well Their Voter Suppression Tactics Are Working,"While the Supreme Court blocked the worst of North Carolina s voter suppression laws (including their voter ID law, and their decisions to cut early voting and end same-day registration across the state), the state s Republican Party still managed to find ways to cut early voting to harm the state s black citizens, as well as intimidate them into not voting. Sickeningly, it seems to have worked.And they re bragging about it in a press release. Openly. Loudly. Proudly. Gleefully. The title reads,  NCGOP Sees Encouraging Early Voting, Obama/Clinton Coalition Tired, Fail to Resonate in North Carolina. That would all well and good if it were actually true. What they re really doing, though, is bragging about lower black voter turnout and higher white voter turnout.  North Carolina Obama Coalition Crumbling,  is the heading of one section of the release, and it highlights the decrease in black voter turnout in the state between 2012 and now.Image via NC GOPSure, whites and minorities are two different demographics, but keep in mind that the Supreme Court blocked their voter suppression law because  the new provisions targeted African Americans with almost surgical precision.  In response to that, Governor Pat McCrory threw a tantrum, and the state went about finding other ways of suppressing voters.The party s solution to the Supreme Court s ruling was to pressure individual county boards to limit early voting, especially Sunday voting, and many did despite the fact that the black community overwhelmingly votes early, and often on Sunday after church. The state s elections board mitigated some of these restrictions, but not all, and the black and student communities were still disproportionately harmed.Other states in the South have shown increases of black voters during early voting as much as 18 percent in one case but North Carolina saw a sharp decline:Something went very wrong for African-Americans  voting in North Carolina pic.twitter.com/ZpwjyEavmd  Michael McDonald (@ElectProject) November 6, 2016What s happened is that Republicans knew they d lose the state if minority voters were able to vote more easily because they tend to vote Democratic. A longtime GOP consultant even said that, if black voters voted Republican, none of these suppression tactics would ever have been considered.It s bad enough that they ve worked so hard to severely curtail the right to vote in order to maintain control of the state, and try and deliver a White House win to Herr Trump. To openly brag about it like this, though? They just reinforced the fact that this was literally about suppressing votes, not ensuring voting rights remained intact and without fraud.Featured image by Brian Blanco via Getty Images",0
3898, Longtime Republican Strategist Just Cast Her Vote For Hillary,"This is not something that happens every day, but it s exactly what Ana Navarro did on Monday.Navarro has been a Republican since Ronald Reagan was in office, but the rise of Donald Trump as the GOP nominee has disgusted her so much that she denounced the party said she would be writing in her mother s name on her ballot rather than give a vote to Trump.But Navarro changed her mind after thinking about the close election in Florida in 2000 in which George W. Bush won by a mere 537 votes. As a Florida resident, Navarro doesn t want a repeat that send Trump to the White House.So she cast her vote for Hillary and told the world all about it in a column published on CNN.I had hoped that a week before the election, Trump would be losing Florida by a large enough margin that my vote wouldn t matter. But darn it, my home state is too close to call. Florida could be the decisive state (again) as to who ultimately becomes the next president of the United States. I thought back to the 2000 election, which was decided by 537 votes in Florida. I thought about how I would feel if the same thing happened in 2016. I thought and I thought and I thought .Then I cast my vote for Hillary Clinton. Let me rephrase that. I cast my vote against Donald Trump. I did it without joy or enthusiasm. I did it out of civic duty and love for our country.Navarro, who is an immigrant, said she voted against Trump because of the way he has insulted and demonized immigrants like her over the past year and half. On the first day of his campaign, Trump called Mexicans  rapists  and as a Hispanic immigrant that infuriated Navarro. I voted against Donald Trump for every American who looks and sounds like me,  Navarro wrote.  Because we love this country. We are proud of this country. We stand as equals in the United States of America. Trump has also repeatedly insulted women, and as a woman herself, that disgusted Navarro to her core. I voted against Donald Trump because of all women in my life who have been sexually harassed or assaulted and remained silent, bearing the embarrassment, even shame, for years,  she continued.And Trump has also insulted disabled Americans, which made this election gave Navarro a more personal reason to vote against Trump.I voted against Trump because of Daniel Navarro, my severely disabled brother. My entire life, I have been pained and angered seeing young kids stare at him and mimic his disability. I had never seen a grown man mimic a disabled person. Trump did so in front of thousands of people at one of his rallies. In front of millions of people watching on TV. Most of us would punish our children for exhibiting such behavior.For Navarro it came down to choosing a candidate who has bad character or a candidate who made some bad judgments. In the end, Navarro voted for the latter because she believes a president needs to be a role model for children and while bad judgments can be avoided in the future, bad character won t change.She slammed Trump for being a terrible role model and blasted him for calling our democratic system rigged just because he is losing. And that s why she urged everyone to use their vote as a weapon to defeat Trump. Some tell me, in 2016 we should no longer expect the president of the United States to be a role model,  Navarro wrote.  I refuse to accept that. The president of the United States has to lift us all in moments of national grief. The president of the United States has to hug the children and spouses of fallen soldiers. That person represents us all. That person is recognized as the face and the voice for America in front of the rest of the world, and more importantly, by our children. A person supported by the Klu Klux Klan and its former Grand Wizard David Duke can never represent me. He can never be a role model for me.We each have a right and a duty to make a personal choice based on those things that are most important to us, that we value most. My conscience compels me to do every little thing I can to make sure a bad person is not our next president. In America, we don t choose our leaders through violence or armed insurrections.One vote is our right. One vote is our weapon. I am exercising mine against Donald Trump.Donald Trump is so toxic that many Republicans like Navarro have jumped ship to endorse or vote for Hillary Clinton. So much so that some red states such as Texas, Arizona, and Georgia are in play for the Democrats this year and may end up becoming battleground states in elections to come. That s how bad Republicans screwed up by choosing Trump as their leader.Featured Image: Twitter",0
3899, MSNBC Host Actually CHOKES While Saying Giuliani Could Be Attorney General (VIDEO),"Republican nominee Donald Trump has finally made some decisions on a few of his Cabinet members if he wins the election tomorrow, and it s almost just as depressing as imagining him getting into the White House. Following the theme of giving the most offensive GOPers more power, Trump has decided that New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani deserves to be his Attorney General.When MSNBC reported on Trump s list of bigot helpers, host Tamron Hall could barely get the words out about Giuliani. When she tried to deliver the news about the former NYC mayor, she choked up and coughed, making it hard to actually complete her sentence. Hall said: New this morning, Trump campaign sources tell NBC News among those being considered to serve in a Trump administration. Rudy Giuliani for Attorney General, excuse me Hall tried to move on and talk about Newt Gingrinch being chosen as Trump s Secretary of State, but she was already coughing. She recovered quickly, perhaps putting the shock and disgust of Giuliani s new position on the back burner for now, and went through the rest of Trump s choices with zero issues.You can watch Hall get sick to her stomach over the Giuliani news below:Having Giuliani as a major help to Trump in the White House is terrifying. He s not only defended Trump s racism, misogyny and other offensive comments by the business mogul, but he s also been caught lying a fairly good amount. Giuliani is basically just like Trump, and giving both of these idiots more power is just about the worst decision that America could make in this election. This isn t just about Trump anymore   it s about the future of America, and making sure that more of these clueless GOPers don t gain more influence than they already have.Featured image is a screenshot",0
3900, White Grievance Queen Tomi Lahren Gets OWNED For Lying About Trump ‘Assassination Attempt’,"It s been two days since the Secret Service determined that there was no assassination attempt on Donald Trump s life, yet conservatives continue to harp about it.On Saturday night in Reno, an anti-Trump Republican attempted to hold up a sign. Trump supporters immediately surrounded the man. Someone in the crowd yelled  gun  and that was the excuse used to beat up the man until Secret Service intervened. Trump was rushed off stage.The man was quickly released after no gun was found and it became clear that there was never an assassination attempt.Let s repeat that. There was NO assassination attempt and this information has been available since early Sunday morning. But that hasn t stopped conservatives from posting about it as if Trump somehow heroically survived an attempt on his life.Not only did Bristol Palin post such bullshit on Sunday morning hours after the Secret Service made their determination, conservative white grievance host Tomi Lahren did the same thing on Monday morning.Trump finishes rally after assassination scare. Hillary faints in 76 degree weather. You decide who has the stamina & fearlessness to lead!  Tomi Lahren (@TomiLahren) November 7, 2016And like Palin, Lahren got her ass handed to her on Twitter for it.@TomiLahren nobody was trying to kill him. The guy had a sign!!  Roshawn Burse (@crombee) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren It was not an assassination attempt. Stop being dishonest.  High Horse Rider (@7hoeve3) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren Nerves of steel. pic.twitter.com/g2x2oYte8P  Guav (@guav) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren Wow, you re not too bright.  Ex-GOP C.A.T. (@sarahzview) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren  Assassination scare Guy holds up sign.  (((RememberScalia))) (@Mattfobrien) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren he didn t even have a gun ???  YM (@Original_Marlon) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren yes, the fully automatic assault poster was very scary  Ryan (@alwaysonoffense) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren NOT an assassination attempt. At all. Stop spreading disinformation. Unless you don t know your own facts?!  Will Miller (@willmiller79) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren I really hope this is all an act just for clicks and you re actually not this stupid  alex (@CUNTP0P) November 7, 2016@trump4eternity @TomiLahren Anyone who feels threatened by paper is ridiculous.  ?????????? (@ferretvill) November 7, 2016@trump4eternity @TomiLahren Look out I have many guns pic.twitter.com/evrBvigDv9  ?????????? (@ferretvill) November 7, 2016You re one of the reasons blondes get a bad wrap @TomiLahren  mavanhoever (@worldgonetitsup) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren it must be tough being a trump puppet for a free two nights stay at his casino- #teamtomi needs to let the adults talk #timeout  THE GAY REPUBLIC  (@THEGAYREPUBLIC) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren the guy was trying to give him a paper cut with his poster. Totallyyyyy an assassination scare.  Renat  (@RenatoPinto94) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren a scare that was created by trump supporters to attack a guy with a sign they didn t like  please tomi just stop  Jonathan Steward (@SilentSteward) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren LIAR! No one tried to kill Trump & Hillary had pneumonia! Pushing this kind of misinfo is what makes America a laughing stock  Soapbox Girl (@soapboxresider) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren Are you mentally ill? Seriously are you?  Kevin Parnell (@KcParnell) November 7, 2016@TomiLahren You make dumb people feel good about themselves.  Election Day Voter (@ryanloral) November 7, 2016Trump supporters truly are delusional. With that said, get ready to hear Lahren whine on Election Night when Donald Trump loses. It s going to be classic temper tantrum.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3901, WATCH: Trump Adviser Stammers While Being Grilled By Chris Cuomo For Being A Hypocrite,"With less than 24 hours before Election Day, things are going disastrously for Donald Trump s campaign team.Trump s communications director Jason Miller appeared on CNN with Chris Cuomo on Monday morning and quickly whined about FBI Director James Comey s decision to once again absolve Hillary Clinton of any wrongdoing in the long-running persecution over her emails. Comey did so because the new emails were actually duplicates of ones that had already been investigated.But Miller refused to accept Comey s explanation and demanded that the emails be released for the sake of transparency. No, don t accept it   they should release all the emails, let us have a look before Election Day,  Miller said.  We think that would be the smart thing to do. Cuomo immediately smelled the hypocrisy and jumped all over Miller for it. You love transparency when it s not you guys,  Cuomo said.  You don t see any irony in that? Why don t you release your emails? Why don t you release Trump s taxes if you think transparency is such a good thing for the American people? Miller repeated the tired old claim that Trump will release his taxes when he s not being audited, even though the IRS has said that taxes can still be released even when someone is being audited. You think anybody believes the audit thing going to the polls tomorrow?  Cuomo asked.  You have any proof of an audit? Miller stumbled a bit while claiming that he does have proof. Yeah, you do?  Cuomo replied.  Have you seen an audit letter? Miller attempted to deflect again by trying to spin the conversation to the Clinton Foundation, and once he said the word  fact  Cuomo pounced again. That is the fact, right?  Cuomo said.  Transparency only works one way in this election where Trump s involved I ll show you an audit letter I got. Here s the video via Twitter.Trump adviser @JasonMillerinDC calls for Clinton email release; @ChrisCuomo asks about releasing Trump s taxes. https://t.co/bFL30OCt2h  New Day (@NewDay) November 7, 2016Indeed, whenever a Trump surrogate appears on television they go to great lengths to avoid talking about how their candidate is one of the most non-transparent candidates in the history of American elections while trying to portray Hillary Clinton as a liar who has something to hide even though Hillary has released her tax returns and medical records to the public, both of which Donald Trump has refused to do himself using one excuse or another.Speaking of hypocrisy, Jason Miller was caught going to a strip club in Las Vegas the night before the last presidential debate. That wouldn t be a problem for most campaigns, but Trump s base of support is comprised of conservatives who think female nudity is evil, so that makes Miller s outing fair game.But you ve got to hand it to Cuomo. He grilled Miller to a crisp and we need the media to do more of that as Election Day approaches.Featured image via screenshot",0
3902, Trump On The Verge Of Meltdown As FBI Clears Clinton Over Emails (VIDEO),"The FBI had just announced that it was clearing Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the most recent email probe, and Donald Trump responded by having an epic meltdown in front of everyone at the Freedom Hill Amphitheater in Michigan on Sunday.In speaking to the crowd, the Republican nominee whined and moaned once again that the election is rigged and made it clear that he still thinks she s guilty as ever. Trump shouted: Right now she s being protected by a rigged system. It s a totally rigged system. I ve been saying it for a long time. You can t review 650,000 emails in eight days. You can t do it folks. Hillary Clinton is guilty. Hillary Clinton is guilty, she knows it, the FBI knows it, the people know it and now it s up to the American people to deliver justice at the ballot box on 8 November. You can watch Trump throw his temper tantrum below:Donald Trump responds to FBI letter:  You can t review 650,000 new emails in 8 days.  https://t.co/n3LYkBKlN7 https://t.co/F2ad7fs141  ABC News (@ABC) November 7, 2016For the record, the FBI actually CAN cover that kind of groundwork in eight days, but since when has The Donald ever been interested in thinking logically or sharing facts?! Completely missing the irony in what he would say next, Trump warned: The investigations into her crimes will go on for a long, long time. Trump was obviously projecting onto Clinton, because he currently has thousands of lawsuits against him, not including the high-profile sexual assault cases that have recently come to light after his lewd comments on an audio tape were uncovered, or the fact that he hasn t paid his taxes in decades. If anyone should be worried about being guilty of wrongdoing, it s definitely Trump   and it s something we should keep in mind on Election Day tomorrow.Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
3903, While Working On A Trump Speech Steve Bannon’s Pants Literally Caught Fire (TWEETS),"A new report from the New York Times revealed some interesting goings-on with Team Trump. For one, Donald Trump had his Twitter account taken away by his aides. Even they know that Donald cannot control his temper.Stephen Bannon, who took over as Donald Trump s campaign manager while taking time off from Breitbart.com, has empowered the racist Alt-Right movement, giving them a voice in politics.While at the Radisson Hotel in downtown Manchester, Donald Trump s aides gathered to form a dialogue of what the GOP presidential nominee should say and what he should not say about FBI director James Comey s vague and bizarre letter that he sent to Congress which suggested that something  pertinent  was found in Anthony Weiner s emails regarding Hillary Clinton s private server controversy.The New York Times reports:They sent Michael T. Flynn, a retired Army lieutenant general, onstage with a mission: stall.That s when Bannon s pants caught on fire.As the aides agonized over which words to feed into the teleprompter, they become so engrossed that a hot light set up next to the machine caused Mr. Bannon s Kuhl hiking pants to begin smoldering. I think my pant leg is on fire,  he said after noticing the acrid smell.Steve Bannon's pants literally caught fire when he was helping to craft a Trump speech. https://t.co/TSCwqE62a4 pic.twitter.com/VCrFipyqdy  McKay Coppins (@mckaycoppins) November 6, 2016Trump's campaign adviser Steve Bannon is such a liar, his pants literally caught fire https://t.co/AGzdPQPew7 pic.twitter.com/vggDgWQFnL  Sarah Kendzior (@sarahkendzior) November 6, 2016On Sunday, conservatives were dealt a devastating blow after Comey confirmed that the agency is not recommending charges against the Democratic presidential nominee.In fact, a senior law enforcement official confirmed to NBC News that nearly all emails found on Anthony Weiner s laptop were already reviewed by the FBI. Most of them were duplicates and the others were unrelated to government business.The investigative team had  been working around the clock to process and review  emails found on former New York congressman Anthony Weiner s laptop   using a program that targeted only the emails to and from Clinton s closest aide, Huma Abedin, within the time when Clinton was secretary of state.They got nothing and that makes one wonder why Comey sent that letter to Congress to begin with. Actually, we know why and the man needs to resign.Featured image via Kirk Irwin/Getty",0
3904, Obama SHAMES The Hell Out Of Trump And His Heartless Fans By Meeting This Young Boy,"President Obama has shown he s a human being with compassion time and again. Most recently, he met a 12-year old boy with severe cerebral palsy who had just been at a Trump rally the day before. What happened to him at the rally is exactly why Trump fans are deplorable, but Obama showed them how to act like humans, even if they aren t capable of it.J.J. Holmes braved one of Trump s rallies in order to protest the way that Trump makes fun of people with disabilities. Since he was a protester, he was very unwelcome already, but when Trump identified him and started saying,  Get them out,  security began trying to usher them away while Trump s deplorables pushed and kicked his wheelchair, according to J.J. s mother, Alison.Alison spoke to a pool reporter from the White House, saying,  We were put out by security,  and  The crowd started chanting  U-S-A  and pushing his wheelchair.  As she said that, her son kept saying,  I hate Donald Trump, I hate Donald Trump,  through his vocalization device.The Trumpkins proved beyond any doubt that they have a black abyss where their hearts should be with that vile act.Trump has come under fire before for mocking disabled people, most specifically when he made fun of Serge Kovalesky, who works for The New York Times and suffers from a chronic condition that s immobilized his right arm. Of course, he denied he was making fun of anyone, let alone someone with a disability, but that s par for the course for Trump.He and his loyal subjects literally care nothing about anyone but themselves. And his fans are deluded   he ll hurt them as much as he ll hurt the rest of the country in his quest to prove his  legitimacy  and gather power. Would Trump ever do this?Yesterday, this young man was kicked out of a Trump rally. As he was leaving, people kicked at his wheelchair. Today, he met his President. pic.twitter.com/VI4g2tKANG  Steve Schale (@steveschale) November 6, 2016Doubtful. Very, very doubtful.Featured image via screen capture from embedded tweet",0
3905, WATCH: Anderson Cooper BEATS DOWN Trump Campaign Manager For Being A Hypocrite,"Kellyanne Conway finally got buried by a barrage of questions calling her and Trump out for being hypocrites, and it was totally epic.When FBI Director James Comey first cleared Hillary Clinton of any wrongdoing, Donald Trump attacked Comey and called the system rigged. And then Trump did the opposite when Comey announced the discovery of some more emails. Now Donald Trump is once again attacking Comey.During an interview on CNN, Anderson Cooper asked Conway to explain why Trump is still saying that Hillary is going to be indicted when the facts don t support him. Wasn t it irresponsible of him at that point to be saying such things without having any facts, particularly now that Comey has come forward and said there was nothing there?  Cooper asked.Conway then launched into complaints that Hillary s campaign attacked Comey, only to be reminded by Cooper that Trump s campaign has done the same thing every time they didn t get the result they wanted.Cooper asked his original question again, and Conway still refused to answer by attacking Clinton. Conway also reasoned that it s okay for Trump to speculate without facts because some people on CNN have done so. But Cooper told Conway that  just because people jump off a bridge doesn t mean you should.  Conway finally was forced to say that she doesn t think Trump is being irresponsible.Conway then whined about Hillary going negative against Trump, which forced Cooper to remind her that Trump has been going negative throughout his campaign.Then Conway swerved again and focused on the Clinton Foundation. But once again, Cooper foiled her talking points by noting that we know more about the Clinton Foundation than we know about Trump s tax returns, because unlike Trump, Hillary released documents. Isn t it a little hypocritical to be using information that you know about the foundation because they actually have released all of their financial records when your candidate hasn t done any of that?  Cooper asked.Of course, Conway denied the blatant hypocrisy and quizzed Cooper to answer how Trump made his money. Cooper zinged back by saying people build buildings and Trump slaps his name on them for licensing fees, which made Conway cry foul.Conway then returned to whining about Hillary s campaign attacking Comey after praising him in July. But again, Cooper hit Conway with the fact that Trump has also gone back and forth attacking and praising Comey.And then Conway claimed that Hillary had her maid print out information. Cooper flattened that claim by pointing out that it was a story by the New York Post that hasn t been confirmed.Finally, Conway claimed that Hillary is desperate by hanging out with performers like Beyonce and Jay-Z, but claimed that people are only going to those rallies to see the celebrity singers. But when Cooper pointed out that Ted Nugent is appearing with Trump at rallies Conway insisted that people are going to those rallies to see Donald Trump.Here s the video via YouTube.Over and over again, Kellyanne Conway flat out committed hypocrisy and got called out for it by Cooper. How she can actually look herself in the mirror every morning knowing that she is lying and being a hypocrite every day is a mystery. But when this election is over, Conway should never be allowed to work again in politics or in the media. And Donald Trump certainly should not be allowed to become president.Featured Image: Screenshot ",0
3906," On His Way Out The Door, Harry Reid Gives Big ‘F*ck You’ To Republicans And Hands Nevada To Hillary","Assuming Hillary Clinton wins Tuesday s election, as she s predicted to do, she will owe at least part of her success to the Senate Minority Leader and Senior Senator from Nevada, Harry Reid.Nevada, which is a traditional red state, is a tossup this year. FiveThirtyEight shows both Donald Trump and Clinton in a statistical near tie, but early voting trends seem to be putting the race firmly in Clinton s camp. This is especially good news for Clinton because if she wins Nevada s six electoral votes, it will mean that she can still afford to lose Florida and North Carolina. Trump won t (and doesn t) have that luxury. If Clinton does win, that will be Reid s doing:Yet about one thing Trump was right: Harry Reid built this. After two years of boosting voter registration among key Democratic demographics, the retiring Senate minority leader has brought turnout among Hispanics in the state to record levels. In doing so, he s almost surely delivered the state for Hillary Clinton and possibly with it the presidential race (Trump has only the narrowest path to 270 electoral votes without Nevada). The reality of this election is that if Clinton wins, especially if she ends up needing Nevada, it s not a stretch to declare that Reid was the single most important person in her victory.Source: PoliticoTrump is complaining about the turnout of Latino voters, but he has no one to blame but himself. His campaign began by attacking Mexican immigrants and calling them  rapists  and  drug dealers,  and it expanded into an all out attack on immigrants. Then, there was the judge he said couldn t be partial since he was  Mexican.  The judge isn t. He s Mexican-American. Or, there are Trump s attacks on Univision s Jorge Ramos. The list could go on, but it s cost Trump big. Clinton has the support of 3/4 of Latinos and Trump has the lowest approval rating among Latinos than anyone in more than 30 years.Reid s ground operation exploited the fear and loathing of Trump to the max, and the early results bear it out: Whereas the Latino vote was 15 percent of the Nevada electorate in 2008 and 18 percent in 2012, data I have seen shows now it is up 30 percent from 2012 in early voting, meaning it could go above 20 percent of all voters by Tuesday evening. We ve been focused on registering and building our Latino turnout from Day 1,  said one Democratic organizer.  That is paying dividends with Latino turnout up in the early vote and potentially up overall. In five out of the six highest Hispanic precincts, turnout in the early vote exceeded  12. Right now, Nevada appears almost un-winnable for Trump. If he loses, that will pretty much seal his fate. As for Reid, well, he will no longer be in office and the Senate race in Nevada is a squeaker, but it s hard to imagine that if Hillary walks away with the state in her pocket, so will Cortez Masto, the Democratic poised to replace Reid.Featured image via Ethan Miller/Getty Images. ",0
3907," Ted Nugent Appears At Trump Rally, Gropes Himself While Spewing Profanity (VIDEO)","How this didn t happen sooner, I do not know. But on Sunday, Ted Nugent appeared at a campaign rally with Donald Trump and it went just about how you d expect. Nugent played a little guitar, spewed some profanity and groped himself on the stage.Taking the stage at a Trump rally in Michigan, Nugent struggled with his amp before pumping out the national Anthem in the style of Jimi Hendricks. Who decided to give the man a microphone, I don t know, but the controversial rockstar took the opportunity to rant about  shit kickers  and ass kickers. I ve got your blue state right here, baby,  Nugent yelled at one point while grabbing his crotch and giving it a squeeze. Black and blue! Trump came out to give his speech after Nugent s antics but didn t mention them at all. He did, however, brag that he doesn t need guitars at his rallies. Apparently, it escaped his attention that Ted effing Nugent had just spent the past half hour playing guitar at his rally. There s no guitar  to draw a crowd for his rallies, Trump says, minutes after Ted Nugent played his guitar for a half hour or so.  Nicole Hemmer (@pastpunditry) November 7, 2016Nugent is a Michigan native, born in Detroit, but it isn t likely that his support will help Trump win the state. Besides the fact that Nugent is a washed up rockstar turned raving right-wing lunatic who sh*t his own pants because he was too scared to serve in the military, polling shows that Trump is way behind Hillary Clinton in Michigan.It is pretty ironic, though, that Trump has been trying to point attention to literally anything besides crotch grabbing and Nugent just felt himself up onstage at his rally. But hey, should we really have expected that Trump would finish up the final days of his campaign any other way?You can watch Ted Nugent grope himself while stumping for Trump, here:Nugent:  I ve got your blue state right here, baby. #Trump rallies are just as crude & disgusting as you might expect at this point. pic.twitter.com/lTRl9Wiv26  Correct The Record (@CorrectRecord) November 6, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
3908," Racist, Road Raging Trump Fan Calls Black Driver A ‘N*****’ Because ‘Black Lives Don’t Matter’ (VIDEO)","What the f*ck is wrong with our country? Republicans may say that racism ended with Rosa Parks (they actually say this), but a lot of people s words and actions seems weirdly racist given the complete lack of it in our society.An African-American man posted a video of an exchange he had with a white driver after he passed the apparently aggressive Caucasian man in traffic. This is a prime example of why you should get out and vote! Guy got heated and decided to share w/ me what him and his family thinks about me and my people because I didn t allow him to speed up and stop me from changing lanes in traffic, a man identifying himself as Skye Lev wrote on Facebook.  I could ve ended up doing 20 to life over this but instead I decided to show him respect, that he clearly didn t deserve, because I have children to be here for. Lord thank you for this patience and self-control that you blessed me with! GET OUT AND VOTE PEOPLE!!!! The video is just horrible. After Mr. White man apparently called Lev a n*gger, the African-American gentleman turned on his camera. Trump, Trump all the way, Trump, Trump,  Mr. Deplorable says as the video begins. He then informs the gentleman that Black lives don t matter. There ain t no proof.  The white gentleman claims that Lev cut him off in traffic and  made him  slam on his breaks. And that makes you a n*gger,  Mr. Cracker says.  That proves that black lives don t matter.  The white gentleman then explains that he doesn t  have a social media account  because  white lives matter  (it probably sounded better in his head).Now if you thought that was bad, wait till you hear him  teach  this gentleman about black people! We won t spoil it for you. Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
3909, Barack Obama EVISCERATES Trump After Trump Gets Blocked From Twitter (VIDEO),"It s two days before Americans head to the polls to choose between an orange, unhinged self-described billionaire and one of the most sane candidates we ve ever had for the presidency. Tensions are high, especially within the campaigns. Trump s campaign is so worried their nominee will tweet something that could lose him the election, they ve blocked him from using the social networking site. When President Obama heard about it, he had no choice but to mock Trump. Apparently his campaign has taken away his Twitter,  Obama said during a Florida rally for Hillary Clinton, to laughs. In the last two days, they had so little confidence in his self control, they said:  We re just going to take away your Twitter.  Now, if somebody can t handle a Twitter account, they can t handle the nuclear code,  Obama continued. If somebody starts tweeting at three in the morning because SNL made fun of you, then you can t handle the nuclear codes. Source: The HillHere s the video:President Obama is right. The very fact that Trump can t even be trusted with his Twitter account means that he d be a very dangerous president. He seems incapable of letting even the tiniest slight go. In one now infamous Twitter rant, Trump relentlessly attacked former Miss Universe Alicia Machado, all during a time he was fielding accusations of sexism.The New York Times summed Trump s impulse control issues, which are demonstrated on Twitter, pretty well:The tirade fit a pattern. It is when Mr. Trump is alone with his thoughts, and untethered from his campaign staff, that he has seemed to commit his most self-destructive acts. There has always been this dangerous part of him that will go too far and do something that backfires,  said Michael D Antonio, the author of  The Truth About Trump,  a new biography of the real estate mogul. His worst impulses,  he added,  are self-defeating. Unfortunately, it s not just the nuclear codes we should be afraid of. Trump is running for the office of one of the premier diplomats in the world. His temperament is completely unfit for that position, or really, for any position that requires dealing with people.Featured image via Brian Blanco/Getty Images.",0
3910, Trump Fans Start Screaming ‘WIKILEAKS’ In PATHETIC Attempt To Link Trump’s ‘Assassin’ To Hillary,"In a sorry attempt to smear the protester who allegedly threatened Trump with a sign in Reno, people are already working on creating fake connections for Austyn Crites, who didn t even have the gun the Trumpkins at the Reno rally claimed. Since the original story disintegrated before their eyes, they re now turning to other, ahem, methods to show that Hillary was really behind Crites  non-assassination attempt.Crites is a #NeverTrumper, but is still a Republican and has no ties to Hillary that anyone s aware of. Nevertheless, Trump is among the first who tried to paint him as such by asking how much Hillary had paid him to protest at his rally. That was just before he told his people to get Crites out of there.There are stories floating around claiming that, because Crites  name has been mentioned on Wikileaks, he must be a paid Hillary shill. Nobody could ever possibly show up on the joke that is Wikileaks if they re not connected to Hillary in some way, right? Right. Ha.    Crites  name apparently does show up on Wikileaks, but even this right-wing site says they re not in connection with any of Podesta s emails. Rather, he shows up in connection with a company called Stratfor, which is a global intelligence agency The Atlantic characterizes as  just The Economist a week later and several hundred times more expensive. Yet Wikileaks claims that Stratfor is a front for a global network of shadowy informants and spies, and even publishes its  payment laundering scheme  for those people. The truth is that Stratfor is, more or less, a joke among analysts and others who actually know what s going on in the world, and their methods of information gathering are no different than journalistic methods.In other words, in reporting this, Wikileaks appears desperate to The Atlantic, and the people screaming  SMOKING HILLARY GUN!!  because Crites  name appears in a few Wikileaks dumps are just as pitifully desperate.They don t care, though. They re going about their task of  exposing  the connection between Trump s  assassin  and Hillary with all the gleeful abandon there is in the badly misinformed, paranoid extremist.Mediaite also found evidence that these poor, desperate souls are creating fake profiles for Austyn Crites trying to link him to Hillary. The one that they screencapped is a little too obvious to be serious because it lists him as a money launderer for the Clinton Foundation and a paid protester for the DNC. It also claims he studied Civil Disobedience at the University of Chicago s Booth School of Business.They re getting just flat out ridiculous now, especially given that James Comey just crushed their hopes of any indictment against Hillary over new emails, and the Secret Service destroyed their dreams of proving that Hillary s hiring people to murder Donald Trump.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images ",0
3911, REPORT: Aides Take Away Donald Trump’s Twitter Account,"Donald Trump s Twitter account is littered with insults and inappropriate comments, remarks disparaging others and typos. For example, he once tweeted that,  Obama is, without question, the WORST EVER president. I predict he will now do something really bad and totally stupid to show manhood!  as if a child was running his social media account. On Arianna Huffington he tweeted,  @ariannahuff is unattractive both inside and out. I fully understand why her former husband left her for a man- he made a good decision.  At 3:00 a.m. in late September, Donald unleashed a seemingly drunken barrage of tweets to tell his 13 million followers to check out former Miss Universe Alicia Macado s  sex tape  which totally does not exist.And those are his nice tweets. With people going to the polls on Tuesday, Trump s aides have revoked access to his Twitter account, according to a new report.Aides to Mr. Trump have finally wrested away the Twitter account that he used to colorfully   and often counterproductively   savage his rivals. But offline, Mr. Trump still privately muses about all of the ways he will punish his enemies after Election Day, including a threat to fund a  super PAC  with vengeance as its core mission.We re not sure why they didn t do this sooner.Several advisers warned him that he risked becoming like a wild animal chasing its prey so zealously that it raced over a cliff   a reminder that he could pursue his grievances and his eagerness to fling insults, but that the cost would be a plunge into an electoral abyss.Taking away Twitter turned out to be an essential move by his press team, which deprived him of a previously unfiltered channel for his aggressions.On Thursday, the GOP presidential nominee spotted Air Force One outside his airplane window while it was on the tarmac in Miami.As he glowered at the larger plane, he told Ms. Hicks, his spokeswoman, to jot down a proposed tweet about President Obama, who was campaigning nearby for Mrs. Clinton. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs and fixing Obamacare?  Trump said of his proposed tweet.  Get back to work.  Hope Hicks felt the need to edit it, adding  for the American people  at the end.Steve Bannon who was recruited into Trump s campaign from Breitbart.com suggested that it was a trap. They want to get inside your head,  Bannon told him.  It s a trap. Or, just maybe, Air Force One was there for other reasons and not following Trump around. Even on 9/11, Trump threw insults out on the day most of us remember the victims of the worst terrorist attack on American soil.On the eleventh hour, just says before American voters will decide who should become the next leader of the free world, Trump s aides finally took Donald s Twitter account away from him.Photo by Chip Somodevilla via Getty.",0
3912, BREAKING: Dir. Comey Just CRUSHED The GOP’s Fantasies Of Endless Clinton Investigations (TWEETS),"House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz has been fantasizing about investigating a potential President Hillary Clinton into oblivion based on her use of a private email server. After all, Chaffetz has promised, quote,  years  of Clinton investigations should she be elected. This all comes after an unprecedented   not to mention completely inappropriate   letter that FBI Director James Comey sent to House Republicans saying that he was re-investigating new emails. Well, now, Comey has, once again, cleared Hillary of what was to become yet another anti-Clinton GOP witch hunt, and House Republicans are sure to be furious. Here is the tweet of the letter:New Comey letter: FBI has not changed its conclusion regarding Clinton use of personal email server pic.twitter.com/IdKT1gweMf  Jim Acosta (@Acosta) November 6, 2016Nonetheless, Chaffetz himself had to admit that Hillary is in the clear with this one. He tweeted:FBI Dir just informed us ""Based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in July with respect to Sec Clinton""  Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) November 6, 2016Of course, most sane people know that the idea that Hillary is some kind of criminal is nothing more than decades of right-wing witch hunting, and her campaign is right to say that they have always been confident that she did nothing wrong. Therefore, top adviser Brian Fallon tweeted the following regarding this news:We were always confident nothing would cause the July decision to be revisited. Now Director Comey has confirmed ithttps://t.co/BMQQx9eRzw  Brian Fallon (@brianefallon) November 6, 2016The thing is this, though: Comey and his rogue FBI agents directly impacted the election with baseless and wild accusations. The Federal Bureau of Investigation is supposed to be non-partisan, and has been anything but. Hell, there were inside agents who even called the New York FBI, quote,  Trumpland. The bottom line is this: The whole situation never should have happened. Rogue agents never should have been leaking information regarding an ongoing investigation, and Comey himself should have never gone to Congress with that letter eleven days shy of this all-important and highly contentious election.When Hillary gets elected, she should clean house, and restore confidence in one of America s most important institutions.Featured image via Mark Wilson/Getty Images",0
3913, The Toronto Star Published An ‘Unauthorized Database’ Of Things That Will INFURIATE Trump,"Trying to catch the liar of liars in a lie isn t hard. Getting him and his campaign to acknowledge that Trump is the liar of liars is. Same thing with bullying, but The New York Times put together a spread of all the bullyish things Trump has said and tweeted, and to whom. Now, the Toronto Star s Daniel Dale has been tracking Trump s lies for just six weeks, and the paper has compiled a complete list of those lies, which you can find here.There are literally hundreds of lies in Trump s speeches. They re not all 100% unique, but this is probably the final and ultimate proof that Trump will say anything to smear anyone, including his enemies, while keeping his supporters happy.Is there any presidential candidate in history that has lied this much? Tons of people claim Hillary is a master liar, but first, she s actually more honest than most politicians. Second, even if she could be considered anything like a master liar, she still could not compete with Trump the Liar in any way, shape or form.The Star put the lies into a whopping 20 categories: Clinton s policies, WTF, Daesh/Middle East, Clinton s record, African Americans/Inner cities, The Clintons  corruption, Rigged election, Trade/Economy, Health care, Trump s endorsements, Refugees/Immigration, Polls, Obama s record, The campaign, Russia, Trump s record, Taxes, Sex assault allegations, Clinton s health and Government corruption.They also compiled a list of the top 10 types of lies Trump has told and gave more detailed analysis, beginning with,  The electoral system is rigged.  Of course, it s rigged against him: After plummeting in the polls after the first two debates, Trump began to repeatedly question the fairness of the election.  Rigged  became his catchword.He claimed Hillary Clinton campaign workers hired  thugs  to cause violence at his rallies, twisting the evidence from an undercover video to unfairly disparage Clinton. He claimed there was widespread voter fraud in Philadelphia, Chicago and St. Louis   cities with large black populations that heavily favour Democrats.In Greeley, Colo., Trump told his supporters if they don t trust mail-in ballots, they should vote again in person. So, one did. Trump supporter Terri Lynn Rote, a 55-year-old from Iowa, was charged by police for suspicion of voting twice. Nobody s committing voter suppression and fraud quite like Trumpsters and Republicans.Another is,  Muslims are risky.  This touches on his assertions that we know nothing about refugees coming from Syria, who could be the great Trojan Horse of our time: His claims that Syrian refugees   99 per cent are Muslim   are terrorists plays to the fears of the  other,  even though they are extensively vetted and are predominantly women and children. And their numbers is nowhere near Trump s claims   about 13,000 have been admitted to the United States in 2016. The polls favour Trump.  Har de har har   Trump only looks at the polls he likes, and they re usually unscientific online polls or other dubious polls. Very few of the established, scientific polls favor him. Nevertheless: It seems clear Trump manipulates, exaggerates or makes up polls that make it sound as if he is doing better than he actually is. This  poll denialism  gives his supporters licence to dismiss negative polling data, suggests CNN.His false claims cast doubt on the legitimacy of mainstream polling   and perhaps even the vote itself. If supporters feel Trump should be doing better, then the idea of a rigged election seems more credible.On Oct. 24, he said  I won the last two debates, and every poll showed it.  In fact, every scientific poll showed that he lost.Of course, when unscientific online polls came out in his favour, Trump was quick to promote   and exaggerate   those numbers. But these are just a few of his biggest, most repeated lies. He has also:And so many more, just in the last six weeks! Yes, many of them are repeats, but lies are lies. If Trump sees this, he ll likely throw a livid fit about it and claim that the paper s lying, and continue to sell the myth that he s not the liar of liars being caught in a squillion lies.To see the full list and detailed analysis, click here.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3914, WATCH: Jake Tapper SLAMS Trump Campaign Manager For Touting Fake ‘Assassination Attempt’,"By now, the only people in the world who still think Trump was the target of an assassination on Saturday are his supporters and campaign staff.That was certainly the case on Sunday morning as Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway refused to acknowledge that Austyn Crites was NOT carrying a gun during a Trump rally and was merely trying to hold up an anti-Trump sign.Tapper began by pointing out the facts and then reported that Trump supporter Dan Scavino and one of Trump s sons are retweeting misinformation about the incident in an effort to claim that there actually was a real assassination attempt. It s not an assassination attempt,  Tapper repeated before asking Conway,  Should they be spreading this misinformation? Of course, Conway tried to capitalize on the incident by bragging about how  nimble  and  resilient  Trump is, even though Secret Service agents were the ones who got Trump off stage and he retreated from a guy who was just holding up a sign. To Conway, the guy holding the sign was  scary  and she proceeded to smear him and ignore the fact that there was no assassination attempt. It s scary. All the coverage is usually about our protesters wreaking havoc and making people feel afraid. And it certainly goes both ways. I m with Mr. Trump and the Secret Service routinely. They do an amazing job. I also want to point out because some people are spreading misinformation about the protester. He had canvassed for Hillary Clinton and he had donated to her campaign. So, this is a Democratic plant or operative trying to disrupt our rally. And I think people saw a nimble resilient Donald Trump who would be nimble and resilient as president as well. Tapper responded by calling Conway out. Except it wasn t an assassination attempt. It was apparently a local voter, a Republican who says he is supporting Hillary Clinton. He has given money to Hillary Clinton. He has canvassed for Hillary Clinton. But he says he s a Republican. But most importantly, he was not trying to assassinate anyone. This was not an assassination attempt, but why is your campaign spreading that it was? That s really remarkable that that s what the storyline is here,  Conway whined before trying to bargain with CNN. Conway offered to stop spreading misinformation, but only if CNN retracts  all the storylines, all the headlines, all the breathless predictions of the last two weeks that turned out not to be true  that Trump is losing the election.Trump, however, is losing this election and is behind in the polls. So Tapper laughed at Conway and moved on.Here s the video via YouTube.Kellyanne Conway should be ashamed of herself and she should never be allowed to work again when this election is over.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3915, Trump Gets His A** Handed To Him For Running Off Stage Because Some Guy Had A Sign,"It s the fake  assassination  attempt heard around the world and everyone is laughing at Donald Trump.On Saturday night in Reno, Nevada the Secret Service rushed the stage and escorted Trump to his safe space after some of his paranoid supporters yelled  gun  because they thought a guy was gong to shoot the Republican nominee. Instead, it was just a Republican who was trying to unfurl an anti-Trump sign.Soon after, Trump returned to the stage and began talking tough like this was a real assassination attempt by thanking the Secret Service and telling the crowd that  we will never be stopped. Trump s campaign has also been touting the falsehood that Trump  survived  an assassination attempt even though no gun was found and the man was only holding a  Republicans Against Trump  sign.Clearly, for all their talk of supporting gun rights, these Trump fans sure are scared of them. It sounds like these Trump supporters were just manufacturing a reason to pummel the man because he doesn t support their candidate.Trump even posted that  nothing will stop us  on Twitter in reference to the incident in Reno.Thank you Reno, Nevada. NOTHING will stop us in our quest to MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! #AmericaFirsthttps://t.co/N8EFAQDhnt pic.twitter.com/OoM3hsDWS1  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 6, 2016And then Twitter users pounded Trump for being a coward.@realDonaldTrump bro you ran away cause a dude tried to hold up a sign https://t.co/6QxXCTICBr  koush (@koush) November 6, 2016@realDonaldTrump quick diaper change and back on stage I see  koush (@koush) November 6, 2016@hindviswarajya @PonyboyMichaelC @sethsaler @koush @realDonaldTrump why he Russian off the stage so fast? hahahaha  Becka Beck (@BeckaBeck70) November 6, 2016@realDonaldTrump There was no gun. And besides- I thought you loved guns. Why so scared, wuss?  Dave Hill (@mrdavehill) November 6, 2016@Parker9_ @realDonaldTrump He s loving that Second Amendment about now, along with some clean undies!  Mimi s Thoughts (@MimisThoughts1) November 6, 2016@theboxerdeli @AtheistWWonka @realDonaldTrump no gun  paranoid right wingers once again  Snausages (@jamesellisD) November 6, 2016@realDonaldTrump I hear the Secret Service grabbed a pussy tonight in Reno.  Bad Hombre (@SPhilipGray) November 6, 2016Donald Trump and his campaign should be ashamed of themselves for touting this as an actual assassination attempt. The guy whom Trump supporters accused of having a gun did NOT have a gun and was released after speaking to Secret Service. Frankly, Trump deserved to get his ass handed to him on social media, and hopefully he will get his ass handed to him on Election Day.Featured Image: Brian Blanco/Getty Images",0
3916, The Trump Camp Just LIED Through Its Teeth About An Assassination Attempt On Trump (VIDEO),"While campaigning in Reno on Saturday, the Secret Service suddenly rushed Trump off the stage with no one to give an explanation. The audience started trying to leave, and it was a very good show. Minutes later, Trump reappeared onstage to continue his speech.It seems there was a protester in the front of the crowd holding a  Republicans against Trump  sign, and the trouble started after someone shouted,  gun!  Nobody found any guns at the scene, though, and the man, Austyn Crites, was allegedly put in a chokehold and grabbed by his testicles.Both Trump s social media director and his son found a tweet from a rabidly lying Trump fan saying that Trump had just survived an assassination attempt. This tweet has yet to be taken down from Trump Jr. s Twitter feed:Look, we get it. Cardboard signs with writing on them are terrifying for Trump fans. They still don t qualify as weapons, tthough, and oddly enough, there was no weapon and likely no aggression on the part of Crites. There are some on Twitter claiming that Crites first tried to grab a gun off of a Secret Service agent, the Secret Service merely searched him, questioned him, and released him.Doesn t sound like he tried to grab a gun there. In fact, the Secret Service has so far said nothing about that happening. Don t confuse the Trumpkins with facts and truth, though. It hurts their three brain cells.Later on, at a rally in Colorado, the man who introduced Trump to the crowd said that there was  an attempt of murder  at the Reno rally. Again, there wasn t an assassination attempt, but of course they ll say anything to garner sympathy for their candidate and make him out to be both a hero and a victim at the same time.Despite the lack of evidence that Crites was a would-be assassin, Trumpkins have taken to Twitter to push that whopper and make utter fools of themselves:    For his part, Trump issued a blah statement, and, at the time of this posting, hadn t said anything on Twitter about it. His fans, though   are just eating this up. They re so thick in the head that they ll believe anything and everything that makes their lord and savior into a victim of a nefarious plot. That includes spreading lies about assassination attempts.Here s a video of the Secret Service rushing him offstage:OBAMA CALLED #TRUMP UN-AMERICAN & UNHUMAN YESTERDAY! TODAY, THERE WAS AN ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT ON DONALD TRUMP! pic.twitter.com/z6KKGT5Hk6  Trump Super PAC (@TrumpSuperPAC) November 6, 2016Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
3917, Trump Freaks Out: Thousands Of Latino Voters Prove Election Is Rigged,"The apparent increase among Latino voters in key early voting states seems to be triggering something of a public meltdown with Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. At a campaign event in Nevada, the former reality TV star began spinning a new conspiracy theory.As Donald Trump swept his campaign across the country in a final sprint, he claimed that long lines in Clark County, Nevada, were evidence of electoral wrongdoing. It s being reported that certain key Democratic polling locations in Clark County were kept open for hours and hours beyond closing time to bus and bring Democratic voters in,  Trump said. Folks, it s a rigged system. It s a rigged system. And we re going to beat it,  he said.Trump wasn t alone. Michael McDonald, the state chairman of the Nevada Republican Party made an explicitly racist complaint about the surge in early voters at the same event noting,  They kept a poll open until 10 o clock at night so a certain group could vote. Early indicators show that Republicans are in big trouble in the key swing state of Nevada. Clark County, home to Las Vegas and the state s largest population, is also over 30% Latino. The area has been targeted by the Clinton campaign for early voting, as well as by the political operation of Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV).A strong performance there has led to a situation where the Trump ticket is behind the eight ball before Election Day has even begun. Nevada political analyst Jon Ralston has already said that there is only a tiny sliver of hope for Trump, which may explain his bluster and frustration at the campaign event.Trump launched his campaign with an attack on Latinos, calling Mexican immigrants criminals and rapists and promising to build a wall along the southern border to keep Latinos out. It appears that they heard him loud and clear and are hell-bent on destroying his campaign.Featured image via Flickr",0
3918, SNL Gets Real And Delivers The Most Important Message Of The Election Year (VIDEO),"Saturday Night Live has helped bring quite a bit of levity to this otherwise horrific election year but in the final episode before the election, before we as a nation go to the polls and decide if we want to be extraordinary or  deplorable,  the cast of Saturday Night Live could not help but drop the act and get real with America.It began as it normally does, with Alec Baldwin s masterful Donald Trump character and Kate McKinnon s excellent portrayal of Hillary Clinton (if she spent all day every day mainlining a dangerous mixture of sugar and caffeine). I never use emails,  Trump says in the cold opener.  I use a very private, very secure site where one can write whatever they want to and no one can read it It s called Twitter. After he is informed that everyone can see his tweets,  Trump  replies: Really? And I m still in this thing? America you must really hate this lady. After a scathing rebuke of the media s decision to ignore Trump s cozy relationship with Putin, the KKK, and the FBI and instead focus on something as meaningless as Hillary Clinton s emails, something magical happened: McKinnon and Baldwin dropped the facade and got serious. I m sorry, Kate. I just hate yelling all this stuff at you like this,  Baldwin says. I just feel gross all the time about this. Don t you all feel gross?  he added, addressing the audience.McKinnon agrees and the two embark on a  friendship montage  through the city before returning to the stage. Then they dropped perhaps the most important message you will hear this election year. None of this would have mattered if you don t vote,  Baldwin says. We can t tell you who to vote for, but on Tuesday we all get a chance to choose what kind of country we want to live in,  McKinnon finishes.They re right.Watch it below: Featured image via screengrab",0
3919, Bill Maher Has A DIRE Election Message The Whole Country Should Listen To (VIDEO),"We are now down to the wire in the all-important and hotly contested 2016 election. Everyone has crawled into their corners, and in this most bizarre and contentious year, we re all ready to end it already. People have lost friends, relationships have ended the tone of this campaign has been good for no one. That is all due to one man s toxic rise to the top of the GOP presidential ticket: Donald Trump.There s one thing that we all need to remember, though: This was no accident. Trump is a classic demagogue. He has brought out the worst in the entire country, has appealed to people s deepest, basest levels of prejudice, hate, and fear. He s made those of us who are minorities feel especially vulnerable, because we know what is really at stake here. Well, comedian Bill Maher has a very important message regarding all of this   and especially the rise of Donald Trump   no matter which side of the political aisle you fall on.Maher, like most liberals, has spent years excoriating the GOP for their bigotry, lack of belief in science, religious fanaticism, war- mongering, and fantasy economic proposals. However, he says he was wrong. Men like Mitt Romney and John McCain were nowhere near as dangerous as Trump. To that end, he had this to say the the nation on Friday night s edition of his HBO program Real Time: So I ve heard these young people on the news they say things like Donald Trump I don t like him but Hillary, I can t vote for a liar. First of all, it s just apples, and oranges   and orange. After those opening lines, Maher got uncharacteristically grave and serious, saying: This is different. I promise it, this will not make your life better. And also, once fascists get power, they don t give it up. You ve got President Trump for life. I know liberals made a big mistake because we attacked your boy [George W.] Bush like he was the end of the world, and he wasn t. And Mitt Romney we attacked that way. I gave Obama a million dollars because I was so afraid of Mitt Romney. Maher then went on to offer olive branches to Republicans, while giving a warning about Trump: They were honorable men who we disagreed with and we should have kept it that way. So we cried wolf and that was wrong. But this is real. This is going to be way different. Bill Maher is right. Donald Trump is a dangerous demagogue. He s a literal fascist who has shown that he cares not about the Constitution, civil liberties, or any of the things we  have come to take for granted as Americans. Trump is Hitler-level dangerous. Just like they treated the last Fuhrer as a clown and a buffoon prior to his rise, just as establishment types thought they could control him and use him as a puppet to get him elected   so is the same with Trump. Those who fail to learn from history are doomed to repeat it.America   don t make Germany s mistakes. This man is not who you think he is. I promise, we ll all live to regret it if we elect him.Watch Bill Maher s all too correct warning below:[ad3media campaign= 1311 ]Featured image via video screen capture ",0
3920, Watch This FLAWLESS Depiction Of The GOP’s Off-The-Charts Madness,"It s hard not to love Joss Whedon, the director of  The Avengers  films. Not only is he a great film director capable of seamlessly blending action, drama and comedy, but he can also be rather outspoken on politics. To that end, he created a very short film titled,  If Congress Was Your Co-Worker,  and it s, well, entirely too perfect for the situation in which we now find ourselves.Star Trek s Chris Pine stars in the video as Leonard, the biggest, most babyish obstructionist in the whole entire history of everything. His co-workers responsible people who actually know how to work and want to get things done have to put up with his ridiculous, puerile behavior that s stopping everything they try to do in its tracks.Leonard starts off opposing the company s new healthcare plan, and when he s asked what they should do instead, he says,  Not that!  and then shuts down the entire company while bragging that he still gets paid.Later on, the company appoints a consultant named Bob to  untangle legal issues,  and Leonard literally blocks him. He blocks everyone s views of Bob while screaming,  BOOOOO!  and says he doesn t like Bob. When the boss asks why, he shouts,  Because you chose him! If any of that sounds familiar, it s because it s a perfect illustration of why neither Congress, nor Obama, has been able to get anything done since the Tea Party wave of 2010. Leonard is the Tea Party, and also the larger Republican Party that allowed the Tea Party to come to power and do this to us. That includes ridiculous and draconian views of the LGBTQ community, religious and racial minorities, and things like sexual harassment and assault, all of which are also touched on.The video ends with the company getting together to do something about Leonard. Watch what they do below, and remember to go vote on Tuesday, Nov. 8, if you haven t already done so.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
3921, Obama’s EPIC Smackdown Of GOP Senator For Using Him In Ads (VIDEO),"Senator Pat Toomey is a staunch Republican caught in a close re-election race against Kate McGinty in Pennsylvania, and he ll apparently do anything to hold on to his seat in that key swing state   including pretending to support the President.Here is the ad currently being run in Pennsylvania, showing Toomey allying himself with Obama:Not surprisingly, President Obama   who has endorsed McGinty and campaigned on her behalf   did not take too kindly to Sen. Toomey s attempt to fool voters. Pat Toomey may have done the right thing on one vote, but courage is telling Pennsylvania voters where you stand on the tough issues, not just the easy ones like background checks,  Obama said in a statement Saturday afternoon.  Pat Toomey won t tell Pennsylvania voters where he stands on Donald Trump, trying instead to have it both ways by telling different people what he thinks they want to hear. That s not courage. Voting to shut down the government and against bills to close the terrorist gun loophole isn t courage. Lauren Passalacqua, of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee (DSCC) described the ad this way:  This is among the most disingenuous stunts we ve seen in a cycle full of them. President Obama is scheduled to campaign in Pennsylvania on Monday, where polls show Hillary Clinton ahead of Trump, but have McGinty and Toomey in a neck-and-neck contest.The President is almost sure to make some reference to Toomey s sad campaign ad, and tweak him over the desperate nature of the attempt.Democrats believe that Toomey s seat is key to their strategy to take back the majority of seats in the Senate. Currently, online prediction models show the party with a slightly over 60% likelihood of doing so. Having a Democratic Senate with Clinton in the White House would be key to nominating a Supreme Court justice, maintaining the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) and getting some of Clinton s proposed legislative agenda made into actual law.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video ",0
3922, Tim Kaine Reveals Who’s Trying To Steal The Election (VIDEO),"Senator Tim Kaine, the Democratic Party s vice-presidential nominee, has apparently had enough of people trying to interfere in the presidential race and thwart the will of the people. Kaine is now going on the record about the effort from within that threatens to distort the results of the race and put a thumb on the scale in Donald Trump s favor.Sen. Tim Kaine (D-Va.) suggested Saturday that some officials at the FBI are  actively working  to support Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.[ ]Kaine called the FBI a  leaky sieve  and criticized director James B. Comey for breaking agency protocol by discussing a politically sensitive case so close to an election. He also dismissed former New York mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani s decision to back off claims that he was given advance notice of the FBI s plans to possibly reopen the Clinton investigation.The surprise announcement from the FBI director is a violation of the agency s rules, and it ricocheted through the media in a negative light for Clinton. Follow-up reporting has indicated that many of the emails   if not all of them   found on former Rep. Anthony Weiner s laptop were not even to or from Clinton.The Trump campaign was delighted to have the news to attack Clinton with on the campaign trail, fueling the desire on the right to chant  lock her up,  a dangerous idea that many have compared to the third-world tactics of dictators in banana republics.Subsequent reporting appears to indicate a war roiling the FBI itself, which some conservative forces are attempting to use to prevent Clinton s election, while others oppose such blatant interference in the race.Despite the unprecedented nature of the leaks and the director s actions, the political damage to Clinton does not appear to be significant. Most national polling and analysis of the polls shows a likely win, despite FBI obstruction.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video ",0
3923," Trump, GOP Facing CATACLYSMIC Disaster In Nevada, Early Vote Tallies Show","Early voting has concluded in Nevada, and tallies don t really favor Trump. In fact, he and other Republicans may have already lost the state, given that Democrats currently have a 73,000 vote lead just in Clark County. That s more than the margin by which President Obama won in 2012.Democrats have a 45,000 vote lead overall in the state, not including rural counties, and that could spell doom for the entire Republican ticket statewide since it gives Democrats a six-point lead going into Election Day. It s not just Trump s chances bottoming out, it could also be the Republicans  hopes to retain control of the Senate.In other words, there are currently 45,000 tiny blows killing the GOP s hopes for that state.Jon Ralston, Nevada s top political analyst, says that Trump needs a miracle to win at this point. So do Republicans   this could cost them Harry Reid s Senate seat, as well as the state s two House seats and the state legislature.Nearly half of the state voted early, including higher numbers of Democrats than Republicans, and that just compounds the GOP s woes there. If voter turnout approaches 80 percent total on Tuesday, then two-thirds of the vote is already in. The remaining votes would almost all have to go to Trump and the GOP for them to win anything there.Nevada s diversity is a big part of what s giving Trump problems   Latino voters kept the Cardenas market open until 10pm because they were turning out in such large numbers. In fact, in Clark County, Friday was the single largest early-voting day they ve seen.The funny thing is that Trump has been polling within just a few points of Hillary in Nevada, so this probably comes as a shock to Republicans. But Republicans were pretty sure of a Romney victory in 2012, and he lost badly. Their so-called  autopsy report  revealed significant problems that they totally ignored, and this is the result.Trump has almost no path to the White House without Nevada.Featured image via Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3924, Hillary’s Secret Weapon For The End Of Her Campaign Is Trump’s Biggest Piece Of Kryptonite,"Hillary Clinton has a much better run campaign than Donald Trump does. She has a ground game, and get out the vote operation, and she also has voter targeting and demographics on her side. However, despite all of this, the polls are tightening in these final hours. So, what is Hillary doing to make sure everyone remembers just who Trump is? Why, bringing out a secret weapon that has been one of Trump s biggest pieces of kryptonite of the entire campaign: Khizr Khan.We all remember how Khan, the father of a fallen Muslim-American soldier, Army Captain Humayun Khan, excoriated Trump at the Democratic National Convention this summer. As a result, the notoriously thin-skinned Trump went on a tirade against Khan. He insulted Khan s wife in a fight there was no way he could win politically as he lost control of himself and spent nearly a week attacking the Gold Star family. Now, Khan plans to campaign with Hillary in the 11th hour.This all-important joint campaign trail appearance between Hillary and Mr. Khan will happen Sunday night, just two days before Election Day. Trump is already feeling anxious and aggrieved, thanks to the fact that his path to 270 electoral votes is so much more narrow than Hillary s. In trotting out Mr. Khan, Hillary is setting the perfect Trump trap   especially if Khan lays into Trump the same way he did at the Democratic National Convention.Now, this late in the game, it could be argued that everyone is already in their corners, and many have already voted. There s likely nothing either candidate can do or say between Sunday and Tuesday to make a supporter not vote the way he or she had planned to vote. But   what a Trump meltdown of Khan-level qualities could do is to remind soft and Independent voters, who were going to hold their noses and vote for Trump, just what makes them so uneasy about his being president, and they will stay home   or maybe even vote for Hillary.Featured image via Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
3925, Trump’s Inner Circle Reveals BIZARRE New Goal In Light Of His Dwindling Odds,"Trump seems to think he can easily garner the minimum 270 electoral votes that he would need to win the presidency, and then some. He s delusional, but he thinks it. However, Politico s Glenn Thrush says that two people in Trump s circles say that they re increasingly looking to simply beat the mere 206 votes Romney won in 2012.Trump wants to win. But two people in his orbit have told me in last week that decisively beating Romney s 206 EVs is increasingly a goal.  Glenn Thrush (@GlennThrush) November 5, 2016So, basically, even members of Trump s inner circles are looking at his dim odds and admitting that he probably can t win this. In fact, Politico reports that his few remaining paths to the White House are  narrow, defined and unforgiving.  He has to sweep North Carolina, Ohio, and Florida, and he has to win Utah, Arizona, and Georgia.If he wins all of those and the rest of Romney s states, he would either also have to win Pennsylvania, eke out wins in Maine, New Hampshire, Nevada and Iowa, or he would just have to pull off a shocker in states like Michigan, Wisconsin, Virginia, etc.Not much of that is bloody likely   each of these paths requires overcoming Hillary s leads, and his campaign knows that. So now, all they want is to avoid embarrassment.RealClearPolitics has Hillary leading in most polls, and even though that lead has shrunk, it s still pretty frightening for people close to Trump.And while FiveThirtyEight says that Trump is just 3.3 percent behind Hillary, polls are often off in one direction or the other by roughly two percentage points. Even if these polls end up having Hillary too far ahead, she still beats Trump by 1.3 percent, as things stand right now.In short, Trump s chances are growing ever-bleaker for everyone except the delusional Trump (who, behind the scenes, doesn t actually seem to care whether or not he wins) and his equally delusional followers. If Trump suffers the humiliating defeat that seems imminent, the whole campaign looks as stupid as they are for signing onto this circus.Featured image via Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3926, Trump Goes COMPLETELY Off The Rails Over Hillary’s Emails And Takes All His Followers With Him,"The right wing is still harping on the FBI s discovery of new emails that supposedly relate to the probe into Hillary Clinton. As expected, Trump has seized on this news as an opportunity to continue trying to smear her all over the pavement. This time, though, his statements about her emails go totally off into the ether: Can you imagine Anthony Weiner has probably every classified email ever sent? Probably studied every single one in between using his machine for other purposes.Including some brand new emails not previously turned over to authorities. Likely including some very, very classified information. Because he totally knows what s going on better than anyone else. But he s probably getting desperate   RealClearPolitics has Hillary ahead in most major polls despite this latest piece of a non-scandal that Republicans keep trying to use to crush her.It s still not yet clear what the FBI is seeing in these emails, so Trump s conclusions are even more questionable. However, of the 650,000 emails found, it s likely that only a small number might be relevant to the original investigation. Also, investigators would still have to find evidence that she knowingly broke the law, because Comey previously decided not to charge her.Earlier, Trump claimed that these emails were worse than Watergate, and one of the prosecutors for Watergate promptly destroyed him for that.  There is no evidence of any violation of law,  he said.  For Trump to reach that conclusion based on a total lack of evidence is reminiscent of the innuendo spread by Joseph McCarthy in the early 1950s. For Trump to continue firing up his loyal subjects by claiming that Anthony Weiner must have closely studied all these emails is just as bad, because he s still not presenting evidence. Just ridiculous suspicions. He hears the word  emails  in association with Hillary, and he jumps on it like a fly to feces because that s all he knows how to do.His supporters chanted,  Lock her up!  as they usually do, while the FBI remains busy tearing itself apart over this. Trump will say anything to get elected, no matter how far-fetched, ridiculous, and just plain stupid it is.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3927, Watch Beyoncé Tell The Entire World Why She Supports Hillary; Grab Your Tissues (VIDEO),"Appearing at a concert for Hillary Clinton in Ohio alongside Chance the Rapper, Big Sean and her husband Jay Z, Beyonc  let us all know why she s  with her. After explaining that she was so happy her nephew got to have Barack Obama to look up to and know he could one day be president, Beyonc  then explained that this election is continuing on that path of progress. She explained that gender goes beyond that of any religion or race, and electing the first woman president is something she wants for her daughter. She said: I want my daughter to grow up seeing a woman lead our country and know that her possibilities are limitless. Electing Hillary Clinton would break the mold of the United States being led by only men since its inception. However, that s clearly not the only reason to elect Hillary. She is, by far, the most qualified person to run for President of the United States in more than a century.Watch Beyonc  explain why she s  with her  here: I want my daughter to grow up seeing a woman lead our country & know that her possibilities are limitless    @Beyonce#ImWithHer pic.twitter.com/eXRJn04QiJ  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) November 5, 2016Featured Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
3928, WATCH: Joy Reid SKEWERS Trump For Whining About Jay-Z’s Language At Hillary Rally,"Hillary Clinton enjoyed a performance by Jay-Z and Beyonce at a rally in Ohio on Friday night and Donald Trump complained like a hypocrite.During the rally, Jay-Z performed uncensored versions of songs, which included the N-word and other expletives. Of course, that means the Republican nominee had to make remarks about it during a rally on Saturday. I actually like Jay Z,  Trump said in Florida.  But, you know, the language last night. He used every word in the book. I won t even use the initials, because I ll get in trouble. They ll get me in trouble. The  they  Trump is referring to is the media.But the problem is that Hillary Clinton did not use any of those words herself, while Donald Trump has used words such as  c*nt  and  p*ssy  and has used curse words on the campaign trail.And Joy Reid reminded Trump of his own language during her show on Saturday.Now, Donald Trump has a problem with Jay Z s language, okay?  a flabbergasted Reid began.  Because Jay Z is a hip hop guy. I want to remind America, the guy who has a problem with Jay Z s language? This is his language. What followed was Trump s infamous  grab them by the p*ssy  remark that has plagued him since the audio was released early last month.Reid then went for the jugular. Jay Z has said a lot of things in his songs, but he s never said that, Donald Trump. We should perhaps talk to Melania, who wants to have this campaign against cyber-bullying   which she can begin at home at the dinner table. Here s the video via VidMe.Once again, a hypocritical Donald Trump shoots himself in the foot by failing to keep his big mouth shut.The bottom line is that Hillary Clinton did not say those words during her rally, Jay-Z did. Trump, on the other hand, has no one to blame for his own words but himself.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3929, Hillary HAMMERS Trump With This Awesome List That Disqualifies Him From Being President,"With just three days until Election Day, Hillary Clinton just dropped a bombshell reminding us why Donald Trump is totally unfit to be president.The list could go on and on but Hillary and her team settled on just 153 things the Republican nominee has said and done that would disqualify anyone else in a normal election.As we all know, Trump has been saying offensive things since the first day of his campaign when he called Mexicans  rapists,  which is number 55 on the list. This list, which includes citations, is so long that it missed many other offensive things Trump has said and done.Here are just a few of the items listed.-Spent five years refusing to admit that President Obama was born in the U.S. and still hasn t apologized.-Said that wages in America are already  too high. -Encouraged a foreign country to commit espionage in the U.S., calling on Russia to hack Hillary Clinton s emails.-Refused to disavow white supremacist David Duke and the Ku Klux Klan four times in one interview.-Confused the Kurds, a crucial partner in the Middle East, with the Quds Iranian Revolutionary Guards.-Didn t know the difference between Hezbollah and Hamas.-Had no idea that Russia already invaded Ukraine in 2014, promising that Russia is  not going to go into Ukraine, all right? You can mark it down. -Bragged about his building becoming the tallest in Lower Manhattan after the collapse of the World Trade Center on September 11th, 2001.-Said it would be totally fine if we defaulted because  if the economy crashed, you could make a deal. -Regularly praises and defends Vladimir Putin as a  leader  who is  getting an  A ,  and has even described him more favorably than President Obama.-Launched a series of attacks on a federal judge that Paul Ryan referred to as  textbook  racism, saying it was  common sense  that the judge, who was born in Indiana, would be biased because of his  Mexican heritage. -Compared his sacrifices of working  very, very hard  and  buil[ding] great structures to the sacrifices of a Gold Star family.-Suggested there needed to be  some form of punishment  to women who get abortions.-Kicked a baby out of one of his rallies. Seriously.-Complimented North Korea s dictator, Kim Jong-un:  You ve gotta give him credit.   He goes in. He takes over. He s the boss. It s incredible. -Faced over 3,500 lawsuits, largely from ordinary Americans and small business owners who he refused to pay in spite of promises to the contrary.-Said, in 2006, that he was rooting for the real estate market to collapse, because  people like me would go in and buy  and  you can make a lot of money. -Said veterans suffering from post-traumatic stress are not  strong  and  can t handle  war.And these are just the tip of the iceberg. To read the entire list, click here.As demonstrated perfectly by Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump should have been disqualified from running for president on the first day of his campaign. He is offensive. He is hateful. He is sexist. He is a racist. And he is a liar who is more interested in helping himself than he is in helping the American people.If he somehow wins this election it will be the most disastrous election this country has ever produced and it will be an embarrassment that ruins our reputation and image around the globe.Hillary is right to point out that in any other election year any of these remarks would end a candidate s campaign. But Donald Trump has conned his deplorables into supporting him no matter what he says or does. As the number one thing on this list noted, Trump has said he  could stand in the middle of Fifth Avenue and shoot somebody and   wouldn t lose any voters. One wonders what they ll let him get away with if he gets to be in the White House.Featured Image: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3930,"
Trump Gets STOMPED For Whining About President Obama Using Air Force One On Campaign Trail
","Donald Trump has been attacking President Obama for campaigning in support of Hillary Clinton, and he got his ass handed to him for it on Twitter.The Republican nominee attacked Obama on his Twitter account on Thursday by complaining about the use of Air Force One and said President Obama should be creating jobs and fixing Obamacare instead of campaigning for the Democratic nominee.Looking at Air Force One @ MIA. Why is he campaigning instead of creating jobs & fixing Obamacare? Get back to work for the American people!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) November 3, 2016But sitting presidents have been campaigning for their party s nominee and potential successor for decades, and seeing as how flying commercial is not practical, traveling on Air Force One is the best way for President Obama to campaign and do his job at the same time since the office goes where he goes, even on vacation.Trump and his deplorable supporters have also been claiming that taxpayers are paying the cost of President Obama using Air Force One to campaign for Hillary, but that s not true. As it turns out, the Hillary Clinton campaign pays the cost of these trips.So Trump s complaints about President Obama are nothing more than petty swipes designed to rile up his supporters who already hate Obama, which is why Twitter users hilariously mocked the Republican nominee in response to his post.@realDonaldTrump You mean the American people who ve made him an incredibly popular President with a high approval rating?  Slothy McSloth Sloth (@smcslothsloth) November 3, 2016@realDonaldTrump Must give you heartburn remembering briefly in 2012 when he mocked you for the clown you are and everyone laughed at you  Slothy McSloth Sloth (@smcslothsloth) November 3, 2016@realDonaldTrump And now, you may try to convince yourself you re close, but you ll never ride that plane as President.  Slothy McSloth Sloth (@smcslothsloth) November 3, 2016@KatSnarky Source? Presidents pay for their (and their families ) lodging, food and incidentals while on  vacation.  https://t.co/mmdKDQqdH5  Amy   I m With Her (@Poddling) November 3, 2016@hspickering1 Hey skippy, the Clinton campaign PAYS for the POTUS to travel and stump for her. That s under FEC LAW. @KatSnarky @Poddling  Billy Tee (@BillyT_202) November 3, 2016.@realDonaldTrump Delete your account.  Ryan Sager (@ryansager) November 3, 2016@realDonaldTrump He s doing fine. pic.twitter.com/uj5pR2QOcJ  pourmecoffee (@pourmecoffee) November 3, 2016@pourmecoffee @realDonaldTrump why don t u stop tweeting and go release ur tax returns instead?! #never trump #imwithher  britt-angela (@bangela72) November 3, 2016@realDonaldTrump stopping you from getting in the White House is doing the people s work!  Mychal Harrison (@Magic_Mych) November 3, 2016@MathiasB26 Isn t this what all popular Presidents do the final weeks of an election? Campaign Never Trump so to me he s WORKING!  Mychal Harrison (@Magic_Mych) November 3, 2016@realDonaldTrump Because he doesn t want an orange fuckwit to ruin the world.  Nick Names Nuts (@nicknamesnuts) November 3, 2016@ginanotjenna @realDonaldTrump crawl back n ur hole: How Obamas Rising Approval Ratings Compare W/ Recent Presidents https://t.co/wHkdSn8oGc  Ron Mexico (@meowmeowbeen) November 3, 2016@jbristol11 @realDonaldTrump you do realize the Ronald Reagan campaigned for Bush don t you? It s not uncommon. Can post photos if needed  Aaron Hunter (@Aaron_hunter13) November 3, 2016Yeah, enough said.Featured Image: Pete Souza/White House Photo.",0
3931, WATCH: Bill Maher Hilariously Thanks Trump For Exposing Hypocritical Evangelicals,"Bill Maher surprisingly thanked Donald Trump on Friday night for doing at least one good thing during this campaign.For years, conservative  Christians  have said that they want a president who shares their values and morals. But that all went out the window in 2016 when Trump became the Republican nominee.But as we have witnessed, even though Trump definitely has no moral compass and has been nothing but a vulgar bully who incites violence and hate the evangelical community has embraced him anyway.And that made the Real Time host very giddy. Before leaving this election behind, we must all thank Donald Trump for the one good thing he did,  Maher began.  He exposed evangelicals, who are big Trump supporters, as the shameless hypocrites they ve always been. Republicans didn t get to play the Jesus card this time around,  Maher continued.  Because it s hard to bring up the Ten Commandments when your candidate spent his life breaking all of them. Trump s commandments are like the regular commandments with LOL at the end. Maher expressed how good it felt not having religion shoved down our throats throughout this election season as in other elections in the past. And he wondered how so-called  values voters  can still support Trump, a man who literally has committed adultery on several occasions, brags about sexually assaulting women, and lies in every sentence he utters. And as Maher explained, Trump definitely has nothing in common with Jesus. Trump has nothing in common with Jesus, who was from the Middle East. Trump wouldn t even let him in the country. Jesus healed the blind, Trump mocks the handicapped. Jesus turned the other cheek, Trump grabs your pussy. Jesus turned water into wine, Trump just whines. The Bible says,  Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor s wife.  Trump says,  Fine, what about my daughter? Maher pointed out that evangelicals had a full bench of religious nut jobs to choose from during the primaries, including Mike Huckabee, Rick Santorum, and Ted Cruz. But they went for the thrice-married foul-mouthed, pussy-grabber,  Maher said before going on to praise the Mormons for not supporting Trump.Here s the video via YouTube.Featured image via video screen capture",0
3932, Van Jones Has Powerful Conversation With Trump Supporters About The Possibility Of Civil War (VIDEO),"The possibility of a civil war has been on a lot of people s minds as the election gets closer. CNN s Van Jones decided to sit down with a family of Trump supporters to discuss this very issue. Fittingly, the family he met with lived in Gettysburg, the site of the bloodiest battle of Civil War.The video, titled Episode One: The Messy Truth, is the first of a three part series and delves into the deep divisions facing America right now. Jones spoke with the Coradetti family just one day after Donald Trump  had given his own  Gettysburg Address.' I asked: are we on the verge of ANOTHER Civil War? What I discovered will shock you, amaze you   and possibly even inspire you,  Jones wrote on Facebook.  We need to start talking to each other, not just about each other. Please SHARE far and wide. #NextCivilWar? Jones succeeded in what he set out to do, which was to have an honest and eye-opening conversation about the political climate in the United States, bringing both sides together. Not in an effort to change anyone s mind and agreeing to disagree, but hopefully allowing all involved to walk away with a deeper understanding of one another.Are we headed for another civil war? Why on earth do these people support Trump? How can they ignore Trump s history of sexual assault and his willingness to brag about it? How do they get past the racism and hatred Trump spurs on? Their answers may surprise you.Watch Episode One: The Messy Truth here, via Facebook: Featured image via video screen capture",0
3933, Virginia Trump Supporter Patrols Polling Place With Gun And Cops Say They Are Okay With That,"A Trump supporter in Loudoun County, Virginia, spent his Friday patrolling a polling place while armed with a gun. Go figure, the cops are perfectly okay with that.Erika Cotti says she came across him while she was trying to vote at the county registrar s office. I had my 9-year-old son with me. I felt intimidated,  Cotti said.  And I had to explain to my 9-year-old why a man with a 357 magnum is standing outside the polling station. The man then tried to get her to take a sample of the Republican ballot, but she refused it. He s like,  Who are you going to vote for, crooked Hillary?  And I was like, that s really none of your business,  Cotti said.According to Loudoun County registrar Judy Brown, there was indeed a man strutting around with a gun strapped to his hip who was handing out GOP propaganda in front of her office. However, police said that since Virginia is an open carry state, it is perfectly legal for him to do so. There is a gentleman standing outside the office with a holstered gun,  Brown said.  According to law enforcement, because Virginia is open carry, he s allowed to have it. Brown said that even though the man was obviously packing heat, he was being nice  to people and didn t violate the 40-foot no-canvassing zone in front of the entrance to the building.  They said that there s nothing they could do, that he was well within his rights to be carrying his weapon,  Brown said.Brown decided to get in touch with the state Republican Party. Their answer was to get the guy to pull his Trump shirt over the gun on his side so that it wasn t clearly visible. Out of sight, out of mind, right? Hopefully nobody else will be concerned about him,  Brown said.Loudoun County Republican Committee Chairman Will Estrada said that the man has military and law enforcement experience, as well as a concealed carry permit.  We don t want to startle anyone,  Estrada said he told him.  He felt really bad, he pulled his T-shirt over it, and I think everything was fine after that. Estrada also said that he does not support the idea of banning volunteers from carrying firearms. It s a free country,  Estrada said.  I m a NRA life member myself. So long as no laws are being broken, I m not going to tell someone they can t. But I ve told all of our volunteers that we re here for our candidates, we don t want us to become the story. Cotti, who has been involved in political activism, said she gets that Virginia is an open-carry state but still doesn t think it should be acceptable to have random people blocking the entrances to polling places with guns. We re an open carry state, I get that. But he s wearing a huge Trump t-shirt, he has a huge gun, and he was obstructing my exit on public property,  Cotti said.  That s insane to me. Featured image via Twitter",0
3934, Woman Raped By Trump At 13 May Have Been Terrorized Into Dropping Suit,"The woman who accused Donald Trump of raping her at age 13 has dropped her lawsuit after canceling a press conference slated for the middle of next week, and nobody knows why. However, she canceled the press conference because she had been getting death threats, and was too terrified to show up.On Wednesday, Lisa Bloom, the lawyer who organized the press conference that Ms. Doe canceled, said: Jane Doe has received numerous threats today, as have all the Trump accusers that I have represented.She is living in fear. She has decided that she is too afraid to show her face. She s been here all day ready to do it. But unfortunately she is in terrible fear. So it s entirely possible that Trump, his people, his supporters, and/or other misogynists literally terrorized her into dropping the suit. Her fears would be well-founded, too, given that Trump allegedly threatened her if she told anyone how he d violated her. One witness said: I personally witnessed Defendant Trump telling the Plaintiff that she shouldn t ever say anything if she didn t want to disappear like the 12-year-old female Maria, and that he was capable of having her whole family killed. That adds some credence to the possibility that she dropped the suit out of fear. She very likely stayed silent all this time because she was terrified of what would happen to her should she come forward. Now she s receiving death threats, which must seem to her like her worst fears coming true. It s horrific.On Friday, Jeffrey Meagher, Ms. Doe s lead attorney, simply filed a one-page notice dismissing the case without explanation. It merely reads: Pursuant to F.R.C.P. 41(a)(1)(A)(i) of the Federal Rules of Civil Procedure, the Plaintiff, by and through her counsel, hereby gives notice that the above-captioned action is voluntarily dismissed against the Defendants. She may or may not be able to file this claim again, and her attorneys would have explained that to her. However, if she s being terrorized the way it sounds and that s entirely plausible given the really despicable natures of Trump and everyone close to him she may just want to let it rest and hope to live out the rest of her life in relative peace. That does not make her a liar, though, as many will no doubt say. That makes whoever is threatening her despicable and deplorable.Featured image by Joe Raedle via Getty Images",0
3935, Game Of Thrones Creator Has Been Watching Trump And Clinton Ads; There’s One VERY Stark Difference (VIDEO),"George R.R. Martin, who is best known as the writer of  Game of Thrones,  knows a little something about liars and bad leaders. He s written more than his share. He also knows that Trump would be one of them. In fact, in an OpEd in LiveJournal, entitled  A Simple Observation,  Martin pretty much gave Trump the blogging equivalent of one of Game of Thrones  bloodiest shows. Okay, perhaps that s an exaggeration, but he wasn t kind to Trump.Martin lives in New Mexico. He s concerned because the state, which has been pretty safely blue in recent history, is now in play (although FiveThirtyEight puts New Mexico s five electoral votes pretty firmly in Hillary s camp). Because of that, Martin has had a chance to see a lot of political ads from the presidential candidates. Despite the media s insistence that both candidates are somehow equally flawed, Martin sees big differences, even just in their ads. He sees one big difference   and this is coming from someone who makes at least part of his living in producing videos.First, he talked about the Trump commercials, which are very negative and frankly, pretty standard fare, with the exception of Trump s vulgar and ugly language:The Trump commercials are all fairly standard political attack ads. You ve seen a thousand like them. Find some bad pictures of the opponent, in this case Hillary, pictures that make them look ugly or angry or crazed (easily done, there are thousands of unflattering pictures of any public figure floating around these days). If they are not bad enough, put them up in black & white, which always seems to make them worse. Juxtapose them with negative imagery, maybe some out of context headlines. Use a faceless narrator s voice over the pictures telling us that the candidate is corrupt or a liar or  too extreme.  The latest Trump ad manages to add Anthony Weiner, who is called  Pervert Anthony Weiner.  The blatant name-calling   flinging around words like  pervert  and  crooked    is not something we have often seen before in American politics, unless you go back to the 18th and 19th centuries; that s Trump s own original ugly contribution to lowering the tenor of political discourse. The rest, however, is Attack Ad 101.Martin goes on to call Trump s ads mostly  assertion, innuendo, and name-calling,  but with no substance.Here s on sample:Now on to Clinton, and this says something pretty amazing about her in general. Her ads are honest.Clinton s ads are something else. Very different, and   to my mind   much more truthful. The star of all the Clinton ads in Donald J. Trump. There are no deliberately unflattering photographs, however. Nothing in black and white. Just video clips, full color, professional footage from news cameras at his rallies, interviews, television appearances. There s no name-calling either. Clinton doesn t need to label Trump as  crooked  or  a liar  or link him with  perverts.  Clinton s ads just show Trump being Trump.So what we have here is not Smith claiming that Jones said terrible things. What we have is actual footage of Jones saying and doing those things. No one has to accuse Trump of anything, he has laid it all out there in public for the world to see.Here s an example:G-d knows there s enough footage out there. Martin mentioned Trump mocking a disabled reporter. He mentioned the  pussy grabbing  video. Really, it goes on and on because nearly every time Trump opens his mouth, something controversial and offensive comes out.Martin goes on to talk specifically about the candidates, and his opinion of Trump is anything but favorable.He didn t say much about Hillary, but he did say this:You don t need to like Hillary. You don t need to listen to what Hillary says about Trump, or what I say about Trump. You just need to listen to Trump. If you can do that, and still consider voting for him  well Oooh oooh, I can finish that sentence. If you can listen to Trump and still consider voting for him well you don t really give a crap about the future of the country. Well, perhaps Martin had something more eloquent in mind.Featured image via Kevin Winter/Getty Images. ",0
3936, WATCH: Wolf Blitzer NAILS Giuliani To The Wall For Ten Grueling Minutes Over His FBI Claims,"Sometimes it takes a wolf to catch a snake.Rudy Giuliani has been making the media rounds over the last two days, bragging that he knew about FBI Director James Comey s letter two days before it went public.That means Giuliani has been getting inside information from the supposedly non-partisan Federal Bureau of Investigation that he has likely been passing on to Donald Trump, which means the FBI appears to be colluding with Trump s campaign to sabotage Hillary Clinton.And during an interview with Wolf Blitzer on CNN Friday night, Giuliani was cornered over it because the only way he could possibly get such information is if a current FBI agent is passing information to him personally, or through someone else. No, I ve spoken to no current FBI agents,  Giuliani claimed when asked by Blitzer.  Gosh, in the last eight months, nine months, ten months, certainly not about this. Then Giuliani claimed that everything he has been hearing is just hearsay. But that apparently has not stopped him from spewing the  hearsay  on Fox News and elsewhere in an effort to smear Hillary Clinton. So, I ve had lots of conversations with them and they have told me a lot about the   I guess the disagreement between the Justice Department on the one hand and the FBI on the other. But it all comes from former FBI agents and it s all hearsay. But that s hard to believe since Giuliani claimed that he knew about Comey s letter two days in advance and that letter was actually released. It was not hearsay.Blitzer then hit Giuliani with a statement written by Democratic congressmen accusing him of obtaining leaked information from FBI agents.The statement reads: This morning Rudy Giuliani, one of Donald Trump s closest and most vocal campaign advisers, appeared on national television and confirmed that he had obtained leaked information about the FBI s review of Clinton-related e-mails several days before FBI Director James Comey sent his letter to Congress last Friday about this letter. In fact, Mr. Giuliani went even further and bragged about the information that he had obtained stating,  Did I hear about it? You re darn right I heard about it. Again, the only way Giuliani could have heard about this is if a current FBI agent leaked the information to him or passed it to him through someone else. Either way, the FBI has a serious breach that is being used to help Donald Trump. That s not correct,  Giuliani responded.  I ve had no conversations with anyone inside the FBI. I have heard for the last four months a tremendous amount of information about the consternation within the FBI, the fact that FBI agents were very unhappy about the way they were being treated by the Justice Department. But none of it came from any current   I haven t talked to a current FBI agent. So Giuliani just admitted that he is getting this information from former agents who are getting the information from current agents.Blitzer actually got Giuliani to claim that he didn t know that Comey was going to release the information he did, and that it came as a surprise, but Giuliani did an about-face only seconds later and said it wasn t a surprise. Seriously, Blitzer did a great job of getting Giuliani to tie himself in knots.The former NYC mayor then repeated his alleged  hearsay  once again by claiming that he has heard from his sources that FBI agents are angry at the Justice Department for not indicting Hillary Clinton, despite the fact that Director Comey recommended that charges were not warranted.Giuliani then claimed that he read articles about it somewhere, but didn t specify where the articles came from and said he s not sure if they are true.So Giuliani claims that he is talking to former FBI agents, and that what he has heard is merely hearsay that he spreads anyway as if it s the truth, and then he claims that he read this information in articles even though he doesn t know if what he is reading is the truth, and he still repeats it to anyone within earshot.And Wolf Blitzer drove a stake through the heart of Giuliani s bullshit by asking one question. But let me ask you a question, Mayor. If you don t know it s true, why are you suggesting it? Why are you going on national television talking about these issues if you don t know it s true? Giuliani once again touted his FBI sources, only to then be informed by Blitzer that FBI agents sign a form agreeing to never reveal information about investigations and that they have a responsibility to not leak information to people like Giuliani.Here s the video via YouTube.[ad3media campaign= 1302 ]The FBI should be thoroughly investigated by the Justice Department to find out who is leaking information to a private citizen who also happens to be a surrogate for a presidential candidate who will do anything to smear his opponent in an effort to win the election. This is a major breach within the FBI and it definitely looks like the FBI is working with Republicans to persecute Hillary Clinton. People need to be fired for this and the first person to lose their job should be Director Comey.Featured image via screen capture from embedded video",0
3937," BREAKING: Melania Trump’s Immigration Records Made Public, Show Trump’s ULTIMATE Hypocrisy","GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump has taken a ridiculously hardline   and even bigoted   stance on immigration. He has promised to build a wall and force Mexico to pay for it, and he has said that he will erect  deportation forces  to root out and get rid of all people in the United States without proper documentation. Well, as we already knew, it turns out that The Donald is the ultimate hypocrite on this one.According to the Associated Press, it turns out that Donald Trump s wife Melania violated immigration laws by working illegally in the United States when she first arrived from her native Slovenia. Melania often modeled using just her first name, and was first granted entry into the country on a visitor s visa, known as a B1/B2 visa. This occurred on August 27, 1996. Melania did not get a legal work visa until October 18, 1996. During the time when she was prohibited from working in the country, Melania made money on ten different modeling assignments, totaling upwards of $20,000. She got a green card in 2000, and became a naturalized citizen in 2006.So, in other words, Melania Trump lied about her immigration story, as recently as Thursday, when she once again touted how a million percent legal immigration is the only way to go, and that this is how she did it. Melania said, in part, in her stump speech: As a young entrepreneur, I wanted to follow my dream to a place where freedom and opportunity were in abundance. So of course, I came here. Living and working in America was a true blessing, but I wanted something more. I wanted to be an American. Well, it appears that, as has long been suspected, that Melania Trump wasn t as kosher in her immigration and work practices as she claims. The information obtained by the AP include, but are not limited to, her contract from Metropolitan International Management   a modeling agency. Also, there s the ledgers from the agency, which is no longer in business, that shows Melania working during the time when she had the visitor s visa, but no work visa. It seems to be a complicated story full of many attempts to cover up Melania s wrongdoing, but it is certainly quite interesting. This would be why Melania Trump never released actual records regarding her initial immigration to the United States and her eventual path to citizenship. While it is unlikely that her citizenship is at risk, it certainly means that she committed immigration fraud. You can read more here at the Associated Press.The long and short of it is this: Donald Trump launched his crazy bid for the presidency preying on the fears of the  other.  Namely, immigrants. That is the height of hypocrisy, seeing as how his own wife didn t completely comply with immigration law. Hopefully this story, and the many other lies and cover-ups and shady dealings surrounding the Trump campaign break through the hypnotism that the demagogue has spun onto so many desperate citizens of this great country, and they figure out that they are falling for the biggest con of all time.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3938, The Strange Reason Donald Trump’s Skin Has Gone From Normal To Orange,"Generally, it s considered rather unprofessional to comment on someone s looks rather than their actions or words, but it s hard not to notice one very strange and unusual occurrence. Throughout the decades, Donald Trump skin pallor has turned from the normal white guy shade of beige to a color which is best represented by a pumpkin.Now, the rings around his eyes pretty much prove that Trump either spends time in tanning beds or he is a fan of fake spray tans, either of which would involve tiny goggles. Well, according to a Mother Jones expose, it could be either, but that s not the news. The news is why Trump seems to be such a fan of fake tans and it gives you a glimpse into the type of cronyism we could expect if Trump were to become president.Trump is good friends with an Indiana businessman named Steve Hilbert. In 2006, Hilbert became the CEO of New Sunshine, a company that makes tanning beds, spray tanning booths, tanning lotions, and bronzers.Trump and Hilbert have a lot in common. They are the same age. They are both rich. They both change wives about as often as Trump supporters change underwear (sorry) and they both have hideous, garish taste in decorating. Hilbert, when he was an insurance CEO, was one of the country s highest paid and he even helicoptered to work   a whole two miles.The businessman reportedly met his sixth and current wife in the early 1990s, when she jumped topless out of a cake at a party for one of his stepsons. The cake story may be apocryphal, but Tomisue Hilbert, who is the same age as Melania, was indeed a 23-year-old topless dancer and a single mother when she married Steve.The Hilberts once lived in a three-story, 23,000 square-foot faux-French mansion dubbed Le Chateau Renaissance, which was located on a 33-acre compound outside Indianapolis that included a 15,000-square-foot  sports barn  with a full-size reproduction of the Indiana University basketball court. The mansion, once valued at $25 million, featured Trumpesque gold-plated bathroom fixtures and French crystal chandeliers. Hand-painted murals adorned a dome above the entryway, including one depicting a toga-clad Steve Hilbert as an ancient deity.The men had been friends for nearly 20 years when they entered into a business deal together. They bought the General Motors Building in Manhattan for $800 million. Hilbert put up far more money than Trump did ($200 million vs. $11 million plus there was a third partner) but somehow, Trump received a 50 percent interest in the building. He also put his name on the building.The two men, along with their wives du jour, also socialize together. They stay in each other s vacation homes. They attend each other s multiple weddings.After a disastrous departure from his company, Conseco, Hilbert started the tanning business. While Mother Jones doesn t know for sure that Trump uses his products, they do say this:This is also around the time that Trump started to turn orange. Did the Hilberts get Trump into tanning? Does he use New Sunshine spray tans or tanning bed bronzers? (Reviewers have suggested that turning orange a  rich shade of burnt orange,  in the words of one can be a distinct side effect of using such products.) The Trump campaign did not respond to questions about whether Trump used New Sunshine tanning products. Questions sent by email and FedEx to Hilbert s Indiana home went unanswered. It s clear, though, that Trump is familiar with New Sunshine s wares. He promoted the company s tanning products on The Celebrity Apprentice in two episodes.There s more to the story, which includes some pretty shady business deals, but at least we might now know why Trump is that awful shade of orange.Featured image via John Sommers II/Getty Images",0
3939, Obama Just Showed Us EXACTLY How To Handle Trump Fans (VIDEO)," When they go low, we go high,  First Lady Michelle Obama told the crowd at the 2016 Democratic Convention   a message her husband appears to have taken to heart.On Friday, a pro-Trump  Deplorable  showed up to the President s speech in North Carolina   but Obama didn t call for the elderly man s death or beating, and he certainly did not insult the Trump fan. Instead, he calmed the crowd down. Hey! Hey! Listen up! I told you to be focused and you re not focused now. Listen to what I m saying,  he said, even saying  hold up  about 18 times to get the crowd to stop booing Mr. Trump Fan. Everybody sit down and be quiet for a second. He not doing nothin ,  the President continued.  You don t need to worry about him. Instead of insulting the man for wearing what appears to be a military uniform like Trump would, the President called for the crowd to respect the man s service to his country.Pointing out that the man was apparently a veteran and elderly ( we gotta respect our elders ), the President told the crowd not to  lose focus  worrying about the awkwardly out-of-place Trump worshipper.Can you imagine what would have happened if someone held up a Hillary sign at one of Trump s events? Would we even be able to recognize the person after the crowd got done beating them following The Donald getting them riled up over a protester s presence and offering to pay their legal defense fees? Would the Right even mourn him?That s the difference between  us  and  them : Where they would dig deep and find a new low to which they can sink, we simply respect that the gentleman was   however wrong he is   practicing his First Amendment rights.Watch the video below:Featured image via screengrab/Getty Images (Sara D. Davis)",0
3940, The Hilariously Amazing Video We’ve Been Waiting For All Election: ‘HOLY SH*T (You’ve Got To Vote)’,"We are now in the finally days leading up to the 2016 presidential election, and if there s one thing everyone must do   it s vote. Donald Trump must lose, and he must lose, in his words, big league.Putting together the most epic music video of the entire election season is none other than the brilliant Rachel Bloom for Funny or Die with a cast of amazing talent a mile long.One of the most profound lyrics of the entire song is this: Look obviously only Hitler s Hiter  but break out Mein Kampf into tiny parts and it reads like a Trump rant on Twitter. Followed with this thorough explanation: And if you need a refresher on post World War I Germany, they had an authoritarian political outsider stoking xenophobia in a nation where the poor felt marginalized, and blaming complex problems on scapegoating minorities. The song goes on, albeit in a silly way, to get the point across that Donald Trump would be absolutely devastating for not only the nation but the entire world.The final message is to vote for Hillary Clinton, and that a vote for a third party, while your right, is a conscience vote a lot of people don t have the luxury to have, because of how much they ll lose if Trump wins.Don t only vote, people. Vote wisely and for everyone s benefit, not just your own.Watch here:Featured image via video screen capture",0
3941, BUSTED: Trump Supporter Used Poll Watcher Credentials To Force Early Voters To Leave Polling Place,"Clearly, there is no low Trump supporters won t stoop in the effort to get him elected president.Ever since the Republican nominee told his deplorable supporters that the election is  rigged  and that they should become poll watchers there has been multiple incidents of voter intimidation, voter suppression, and voter fraud by Trump supporters and even an act of violence against a polling place.And another Trump supporter just got caught trying to intimidate early voters into leaving an Arkansas polling place.Thus far, early voting has benefited Hillary Clinton and that s a big deal with only four days left until Election Day. So Jefferson County Election Commission Stu Soffer, who is a Trump supporter, used his poll watcher credentials and stood in a doorway to yell at early voters at the Pine Bluff polling location to leave. Shut up and go home,  Soffer yelled while blocking the entrance to the voting booths according to Jefferson County Clerk Patricia Johnson and a voter named Victor who did not get to cast his ballot because of Soffer s interference. As a result of the disruption and confusion caused by Stu Soffer and other Republicans   I was not able to cast my ballot that day,  Victor said.According to attorney Chris Burke, who represents Victor in the lawsuit filed against Soffer,  Mr. Soffer stood in the doorway of the early-voting location and told voters to shut up and go home. As a result, Victor and many other voters were unable to cast their votes that day. This is deeply troubling to the voters of Jefferson County and also to the election administrators whose job it is to administer the elections free of fear and intimidation,  Burke added.This is just the latest incident of a Trump supporter trying to rig the election for Donald Trump.In Green Bay, Wisconsin a city clerk tried to deny a request for an extra polling place near the local university solely on the grounds that she believes college students are more likely to vote for Democrats.In Iowa, a Trump supporter literally got caught trying to vote twice and was arrested.And a right-wing group is creating fake badges so they can infiltrate polling places in order to intimidate voters on Election Day for Trump.These incidents, including this recent one in Arkansas prove that Trump supporters are trying to rig the election for their candidate and it s only going to get worse in the days ahead, especially on Election Day as conservatives desperately try to secure a victory for the Republican nominee by hook or by crook.Featured Image: Facebook",0
3942, Unhinged Trump Supporter Holds Children AT GUNPOINT Over Damaged Trump Sign (VIDEO),"If you had wanted to give Trump supporters the benefit of the doubt, this most recent incident proves that it s far too much to give them.A 56-year-old man in Allen Park, Michigan has just been charged with six felonies after he held six children at gunpoint because he thought they d damaged the Donald Trump sign on his lawn. Yes, this is the kind of deranged, emotionally unstable supporters Trump has attracted.The man, Michael Robert Kubek, had called police on October 29th to report that his Trump sign had been hit by teenagers, who had fled the scene. When the police arrived at the scene, they didn t find Kubek at his home   however, when the officers followed the screams coming from around the corner, there he was.The police saw Kubek standing over six children ages 12-14, who were sitting on the grass. Kubek accused the children of destroying his sign despite the fact that he never actually witnessed them doing it. The children denied any involvement, and the officers told Kubek to return to his house so they could speak to the children.According to the kids, they were simply on their way to the park for a birthday celebration when Kubek had pulled out a gun and pointed it at them, instructing them to sit down on the grass. Those witnessing the act took to social media to vent their shock:TwitterTwitterThe News-Herald reported: The officer asked him again if he could identify any of the kids as the one who damaged his sign, but Kubek repeated that he could not. The officer then asked Kubek if he pulled out a pistol and pointed it at the kids. According to police, Kubek said  yes. In response to another question from the officer, Kubek said he felt threatened because he was outnumbered. Yes, a grown man used a gun because he felt  outnumbered  by a small group of innocent kids. This is EXACTLY the type of unhinged person who shouldn t be trusted with firearms! Kubek s hearing is scheduled for December 5th   let s hope that whatever happens to Kubek, that he is no longer considered a responsible gun owner.You can watch a report below:Featured image via Allen Park Police Department and Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
3943, Newsweek Outs Trump As Putin’s Puppet And Our NATO Allies Are Terrified (VIDEO),"In yet another bombshell report, Newsweek just revealed that Vladamir Putin and the Russian government are actively trying to help Donald Trump win the election because they believe he will help them weaken our NATO allies.The Republican nominee s connections to Russia have been a huge topic in the news for many months due to his compliments about Putin and the fact that some of his closest campaign allies have connections to Russia.In addition, Trump has declared that he will consider pulling United States support from NATO and even strong-armed the Republican Party to ditch a platform plank condemning Russia s aggression toward Ukraine.And Putin has rewarded Trump by directing Russian media to blare out support for him and Russian hackers have been busy hacking American computer systems in an effort to hurt the Democratic Party and Hillary Clinton.Of course, Trump has defended Russia despite the cyber-attacks being confirmed by Western intelligence agencies in the United States and Europe. Trump was even briefed about this and yet he still denies that Russia is the perpetrator.And that is leading many of our closest allies to worry about what could happen if Trump becomes president.According to Newsweek,Officials from two European countries told Newsweek that Trump s comments about Russia s hacking have alarmed several NATO partners because it suggests he either does not believe the information he receives in intelligence briefings, does not pay attention to it, does not understand it or is misleading the American public for unknown reasons. One British official said members of that government who are aware of the scope of Russia s cyberattacks both in Western Europe and America found Trump s comments  quite disturbing  because they fear that, if elected, the Republican presidential nominee would continue to ignore information gathered by intelligence services in the formulation of U.S. foreign policy.And we know Russia is backing Trump because they ended their hacking campaign when it seemed like he would be replaced as the nominee by a sane Republican, only to resume hacking on Trump s behalf when he wasn t replaced.When Trump launched into an inexplicable attack on the parents of a Muslim-American soldier who died in combat, the Kremlin assumed the Republican nominee was showing himself psychologically unfit to be president and would be forced by his party to withdraw from the race. As a result, Moscow put its hacking campaign temporarily on hold, ending the distribution of documents until Trump stabilized, both personally and in the polls, according to reports provided to Western intelligence.And the United States election is not the only one Russia has interfered with. The Kremlin also spread misinformation that helped right-wingers take control in Germany and caused the United Kingdom to vote in favor of Brexit, both of which help Russia weaken alliances.But their true target is NATO, which is what stands in the way of Russia overpowering Europe, and our allies fear that a Trump victory on November 8th would embolden Russia to do just that.Officials in Western Europe say they are dismayed that they now feel compelled to gather intelligence on a man who could be the next president of the United States, but believe they have no choice. Moscow is seen as a direct threat to their interests both in its aggressive efforts to reshape global alliances and for its power to damage Western Europe, which obtains almost 40 percent of its natural gas from Russia. Should the United States, the last remaining superpower, tilt its policies away from NATO to the benefit of Russia, the alliance between America and Western Europe could be transformed in unprecedented ways. And so, for perhaps the first time since World War II, countries in Western Europe fear that the American election, should Trump win, could trigger events that imperil their national security and do potentially irreparable harm to the alliances that have kept the continent safe for decades.Here s video of Rachel Maddow explaining how big this news is via YouTube.Oh, and one more thing. While Donald Trump and Republicans continue to whine about how Hillary Clinton used a private server, it turns out Hillary was smart to do so because the Russians hacked into the State Department email system, which means if she had used that system her emails would have been obtained by the Russian government.So Russia literally wants Trump to win so they can use him as their puppet to gain more influence in the world, which means more war, less democracy, and a United States that is weaker.That cannot be allowed to happen. Clearly, the Russians like Trump, and that should make all Americans cast their votes for Hillary Clinton.Featured Image: YouTube",0
3944, Donald Trump Tells Veterans That He’s Just As Brave As Them Because He’s Rich (VIDEO),"I am not a psychologist. I don t even play one on TV, but after more than a year of hearing non-stop Donald Trump verbal vomit, it s pretty clear that the man is incapable of not insulting people, even the people this country pretends to revere, like veterans. On Thursday, Trump, for not the first time, insulted a group of his military veteran supporters by saying that he s just as brave as them because he takes financial risks (he doesn t, but more on that in a bit).He started off right, for literally a fraction of a second:With five days to go until Election Day, we almost had a late-breaking campaign first: Donald Trump being self-deprecating. Speaking at a rally in North Carolina Thursday night, Trump acknowledged Medal of Honor recipients in attendance.  Oh, they re so much more brave than me. I wouldn t have done what they did,  Trump said. So far so good.  I m brave in other ways,  Trump continued.  I m brave.  Just different brave. Same same.Source: SlateWatch it here:Okay, Mr. Trump, since you brought up bravery, let s talk about it. You had five draft deferments, officially making you a draft dodger and if your campaign rhetoric is any indication, you re also a chicken hawk. Sending other people to die, so you can  bravely  amass your personal fortune is the opposite of bravery. It s cowardly and it s worse.As for being  financially brave,  hardly. He s  brave  with OPM, other people s money, which is not bravery at all.It s called OPM. I do it all the time in business. It s called other people s money. There s nothing like doing things with other people s money because it takes the risk   you get a good chunk out of it and it takes the risk.Source: BloombergTrump has also filed bankruptcy numerous times, which means he s really irresponsible with other people s money. Why should we expect him to be any different as Commander-in-Chief. He will send other people s children to fight wars that could quite easily bankrupt us. To Trump, that would be just another day. To the rest of the country, it would be devastating.Despite all of this, despite the fact that Trump has insulted prisoners of war, veterans with PTSD, Gold Star families, and the very sacrifices of veterans, the military still supports him, although, by and large, the people in charge do not. Perhaps the military should be listening to its generals and admirals instead of a bloated draft dodger.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3945, Bridgegate Verdict Is IN – Guilty On All Charges (DOCUMENTS),"On Friday, a jury did something that will certainly anger Donald Trump s hamburger delivery boy, Chris Christie   handed down a decision against two of his top staffers in the Bridgegate case.Bridget Anne Kelly, Christie s former deupty chief-of-staff, and former senior official at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, Bill Baroni, found themselves facing nine counts of conspiracy and wire fraud for their roles in orchetrating a 2013 bridge closure as an attack against one of Christie s political enemies. The two were indicted Friday after David Wildstein   another former Port Authority executive and the mastermind of the plan   named them as he pleaded guilty to his role in the lane closures.The most serious charges in the indictment could land the two behind bars for up to 20 years according to the U.S. Attorney s office. Wildstein says his intent was to  punish  Fort Lee Mayor Mark Sokolich for failing to endorse Christie for President. Public officials must use government resources for proper government purposes,  U.S. Attorney Paul Fishman said of the indictments.  The indictment alleges, and Wildstein admitted, that the three defendants used Port Authority resources to exact political retribution against a public official who would not endorse the Governor for re-election, and concocted and promoted a bogus cover story to execute their plan and to cover their tracks. Attorneys for both Kelly and Baroni call Wildstein a  liar,  despite his confession, and promise that they will clear their names. The charges they face include conspiracy against civil rights, deprivation of civil rights, wire fraud, conspiring to  intentionally misapply property of an organization receiving federal benefits  and others. They are scheduled to be arraigned on Monday   the day before we decide if Christie s friend Trump or Hillary Clinton will become the next President.Read the court documents below:Featured image via Getty Images (Justin Sullivan)",0
3946, Mike Huckabee Just Tried To Compliment Trump And COMPLETELY F***ed It Up (TWEETS),"Republican nominee Donald Trump definitely has the worst surrogates out of anyone who has ever run for President. They can barely keep their stories (lies) straight, and have a really difficult time talking positively about their candidate at this point in the race, after his campaign as been riddled with scandals, lawsuits, and sexual assault allegations.Something absolutely ridiculous happened today on Twitter when former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee decided to make a case for why Trump was the better candidate for President. As expected, this pathetic attempt at some Trump praise went horribly wrong when Huckabee referred to Trump as a  car wreck    but at least one that s  pointed in the right direction.  Huckabee tried to argue that this was better than Clinton, who he described as  a drunk driver going the wrong way down the freeway. TwitterNot only is the metaphor problematic   as the former presidential candidate is already saying that Trump has ruined everything in a crash   but it didn t take long before Twitter users tore the metaphor and Huckabee s reasoning to shreds:TwitterTwitterTwitterTwitterHuckabee s weird compliment is so reminiscent of what happens with many of Trump s surrogates. Another former rival-turned-supporter, Ben Carson, has become infamous for giving Trump back-handed compliments. And as Trump s campaign continued on, we witnessed Trump s supporters having a more difficult time defending the business mogul s erratic behavior and insane statements.Huckabee   and many other Republicans that continue to support Trump   know that he s an absolute disaster for the GOP, but they d rather stay loyal to their party and worry about the Supreme Court than actually do what s best for America. Huckabee called Trump exactly what he was in his tweet   a wreck   and any GOPer who is aware of this and continues to support Trump is as unethical and spineless as he is.Featured image via Christopher Furlong/Getty Images",0
3947, Former Classmate: Trump Smacked His Son So Hard It Knocked ‘Him To The Floor’,"We ve all seen pictures of the Trumps in their home surrounded by tacky gold decor, complete with their young son Barron in a suit with toys in front of him while he stares at the camera off to the side of his parents. It s a life most of us can never imagine while we re paying our monthly bills. So what s it like growing up with Donald Trump as a father? According to Scott Melker, a former classmate of Donald Trump Jr. s, at the University of Pennsylvania, being the former reality show star s son wasn t what one might imagine. Or, given Trump s temperament, it might be exactly what you d imagine.On Facebook, Mekler told of the animosity Trump s son had for this father. I was hanging out in a freshman dorm with some friends, next door to Donald Jr. s room. I walked out of the room to find Donald Trump at his son s door, there to pick him up for a baseball game,  he recalls.  There were quite a few students standing around watching, trying to catch a glimpse of the famed real estate magnate. Don Jr. opened the door, wearing a Yankee jersey. Then Mekler told of the moment Trump slapped his son in the face in front of others. Without saying a word, his father slapped him across the face, knocking him to the floor in front of all of his classmates. He simply said  put on a suit and meet me outside,  and closed the door,  Melker wrote. Donald Jr. was a drunk in college. Every memory I have of him is of him stumbling around campus falling over or passing out in public, with his arm in a sling from injuring himself while drinking,  he continued.  He absolutely despised his father, and hated the attention that his last name afforded him. His nickname was  Diaper Don,  because of his tendency to fall asleep drunk in other people s beds and urinate.   I always felt terrible for him,  he continued.Mekler said part of his reason for voting for Hillary Clinton is because  in light of what I saw that day, it is clear to me that Donald Trump lacks the temperament and basic social decency to run our country. To be clear, we are not demonizing Trump s son for having an alleged drinking problem during his college days. Whether Melker s story is accurate or not, we re not sure, but given Trump s awful temper, it s difficult to discount it.Photo by Saul Loeb-Pool via Getty.",0
3948, WATCH: Anderson Cooper Schools Kellyanne Conway So Hard She Becomes A Rambling Mess,"It was a simple question, but it was enough turn Donald Trump s campaign manager into a live train wreck.Melania Trump s concerns about cyber-bullying on social media have come back to bite her husband s campaign for the presidency on its ass because Donald Trump has been bullying people on Twitter since he joined in 2009. We must treat each other with respect and kindness, even when we disagree,  she said at a Pennsylvania rally on Thursday less than a month after telling CNN host Anderson Cooper that the  negativity  on social media is  damaging for the children. Well, Cooper discussed Melania s concerns with Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and it was awkward, to say the least. If it is not okay for kids to do this, why is it okay for adults? For Donald Trump?  Cooper asked.Almost instantly, Conway was tied in knots. Well, it is really not okay for anyone to do it with malicious intent,  she said.  But most of what s on Twitter is not about politics or journalism. This is a whole big worldwide social media culture, landscape out there, Anderson. And I think what Melania Trump was talking about today is a cultural fact. That s when Cooper dropped the hammer. But your candidate is the guy on Twitter at 3:00 a.m. tweeting out this stuff,  he said.Indeed, Trump has gone on several late night tirades and has bullied and insulted anyone who disagrees with him.But once again, Conway couldn t handle the truth and turned into a rambling mess while trying to steer the discussion towards the alleged bullying she deals with herself. I get the f-word. every night from journalists, frankly. There is one who   very washed up one   frankly, can t stop tweeting at me. Curse words. My children have to see that. We have to have really broad shoulders, I get it and I m just one person. But the fact is   I appreciate the fact that as a First Lady Melania Trump has committed herself to trying something about the negativity that naturally tends to what he identified as the positive tool. Social media and communication can be a force for positivity. Cooper intervened and pointed out that if Melania is so concerned about cyber-bullying she should start at her own dinner table.Conway claimed that Trump is only  defending himself,  and Cooper countered by noting that Trump once viciously mocked Carly Fiorina s face. Look at that face!  Trump said during an interview in September.  Would anyone vote for that? Can you imagine that, the face of our next president?! Conway responded by accusing the media of  cherry picking  and basically said the media should ignore Trump s insults and bullying and focus more on his other Twitter posts for Melania s sake. We re always cherry picking when it comes to Donald Trump,  she said.  Go look at the entire Twitter feed. Look at his message. It is full of a lot of things. But again, I think we re doing a disservice to the platform of Melania Trump. Here s the video via YouTube.Seriously, how does Kellyanne Conway sleep at night after having to defend Trump all day?Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3949, Elected Official In Oklahoma Calls For ‘Firing Squad’ To Execute Hillary (IMAGES),"John Bennet, a Republican representative from Sallisaw, Oklahoma, crossed the line by calling for the assassination of Hillary Clinton.This man is a well-known Islamophobe, and has no concept of what freedom of religion is or what Muslim people believe. And know he s apparently very confused about what is okay to say within the bounds of insulting presidential candidates.This isn t the first time a Republican called for the public assassination of Hillary. Trump has said things along the same lines   if Clinton wins gun owners may want to take things into their own hands.Here s the video of those comments:With the election only five short days away, this is getting more than a little frightening. The Secret Service should really step in at some point.Featured image is Bennett s official portrait",0
3950, Comey’s Old Boss Giuliani Knew About The FBI Letter DAYS Before Its Release; Here’s PROOF (VIDEO),"Something is definitely incredibly suspicious with recently looked at video of former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani knowing about something coming out against Hillary Clinton exactly two days before it happened.Giuliani seemed pretty damn sure of himself while appearing on Fox News on October 26, that there was going to be something released. Giuliani said with a grin a mile wide: I think he s got a surprise or two that you re gonna hear about in the next few days. Then only two days later, FBI Director James Comey came out with his letter to Congress declaring his vague information regarding emails and Hillary Clinton.Keep in mind one very important fact, Giuliani is Comey s old boss, and it sure as hell seems like the former NYC mayor was given some information before anyone else.Not only would this definitely prove the Hatch Act was violated, Giuliani would be part of the violation.According to CNN: Congress passed the Hatch Act in response to concerns that federal employees had been used to support candidates during the 1938 congressional elections. Its general intent is to greatly restrict the ability of most federal employees to engage in political campaign activities (such as soliciting campaign donations or actively working on behalf of individual candidates), especially while on the job   or to otherwise  use [their] official authority or influence for the purpose of interfering with or affecting the result of an election. Giuliani is one of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump s top surrogates on the campaign trail, and he seemed to know about something that would directly be harmful to Trump s opponent days before it was released. He clearly knew something.What did he know? And how did he get that information? Is this proof Comey violated the Hatch Act?Watch Don Lemon and Michael Moore discuss how Giuliani seemed to know about the letter before anyone else, as well as the former mayor admit to knowing something:Here it is. Watch this & tell me Giuliani didn t know. Did u know Rudy used to be FBI Director Comey s BOSS? https://t.co/UP3y963SsR  Michael Moore (@MMFlint) November 4, 2016Featured image via video screen capture",0
3951, Secret Emails Prove GOP Is Trying To Rig Election In MAJOR Swing State,"Donald Trump has promoted the conspiracy theory that this year s election is going to be  rigged,  but there is no such operation in place from Democrats. But new emails leaked from North Carolina Republicans show that it is Trump s party that has been caught in a scheme to rig the election in their favor.The N.C. Republican Party encouraged GOP appointees to county elections boards to  make party line changes to early voting  by limiting the number of hours and keeping polling sites closed on Sundays.NCGOP executive director Dallas Woodhouse emailed the request to Republican county board members and other party members on Sunday. The News & Observer obtained copies of the emails through a public records request.The North Carolina GOP s letter advised Republican election board members to do what they can to cut down on early voting, just as Democrats have been pushing a strong early voting campaign in the state. President Obama won North Carolina in 2012, and Clinton has been polling well there as well. It is seen as a very likely Democratic state, as the party moves into the once solid south (Virginia has gone blue for two straight elections as well).North Carolina Republicans also pushed their board members to fight back against Sunday voting. The practice has been extremely popular among black voters, who have been organized by groups to go to the polls directly after Sunday church services in a movement called  souls to the polls. And the third prong of the North Carolina attempt to rig the election was an attempt to move early voting sites from college campuses. Young voters, of course, disproportionately vote for Democratic candidates, and the youth demographic is Trump s worst performing segment of the population (his base are older, white Americans.)North Carolina is one of the southern states with a history of suppressing the black vote, and the conservative-led Supreme Court struck down portions of the Voting Rights Act that had been put in place to provide oversight. Congressional Republicans have refused to re-authorize the act.Featured image via public domain",0
3952, War On Christmas Dimwits LOSE IT Over New Starbucks Cup – There’s Just One TEENSY Problem (VIDEO),"It s the first week of November, so of course, it s time for the annual  War on Christmas  idiocy to get underway. Last year, there was a massive brouhaha about Starbucks  holiday cups   they were plain red, and of course, people were pissed. Somehow, removing images like snowflakes and what-not from the cups amounted to  taking Jesus out of Christmas.  Well, Starbucks just put out a green cup with people on it, and of course, people are pissed.There s just one problem.The green cups aren t Starbucks  holiday cups.Starbucks didn t even mention Christmas or the holiday season when they released these cups!They re actually unity cups, designed to help remind people that we re all people, all Americans, during an unprecedentedly divisive election season. Starbucks  holiday cups haven t even come out yet, but they will be red with what looks like white holly leaves and berries on them. Or one version is   the photo was leaked and we can t see whether there are several versions or just that one.Watch Buzzfeed News  video about the whole non-controversy below:? It s the most wonderful time of the year ?People are mad about Starbucks holiday cups again pic.twitter.com/OXEkVtWeLk  BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) November 4, 2016And here is some of the proof that the  War on Christmas  blockheads are exactly that:Oh yes.. because Starbucks can single handily take Jesus out of Christmas with a cup  MacDoesIt // 22 (@Machaizelli) November 3, 2016Starbucks is using a green cup for Christmas this year because they re a bunch of cowards https://t.co/ruoFJ4ED3B pic.twitter.com/4YmcjTdqBI  Barstool Sports (@barstoolsports) November 2, 2016RT if you think @Starbucks is trying to take Jesus out of Christmas with the new cup. Make this go viral so Starbucks makes cups red again. pic.twitter.com/KjscsgpAxQ  Jazmine (@JazzHandd) November 1, 2016At Prince William Ice Center drinking my PSL in my ISIS-loving, Jesus-hating green Starbucks cup #HappyHolidays pic.twitter.com/Fb1YtfsOMo  Kirsten Burt (@KikirBu) November 4, 2016#Starbucks launches new cup bomb as #waronchristmas begins. #starbuckschristmas https://t.co/oF583sse8E  Charisma News (@charisma_news) November 3, 2016All I want is red holiday cups at Starbucks this green cup shit is unacceptable  Mary Shampton (@youshouldmaryme) November 3, 2016This is the epitome of Christian ignorance and privilege. How s this: Learn what you re outraged over, accept that you just made horrific fools of yourselves, and get over it, people.Featured image via video screen capture ",0
3953, America Laughs At Melania Trump For Hypocritically Whining About Cyberbullying,"As her husband continues to bully people on Twitter, Melania Trump continues to hypocritically lecture America about how cyberbullying needs to be stopped. America pointed at her and laughed hysterically.Melania Trump once again expressed her desire to focus on tackling cyberbullying during a speech at a rally in Pennsylvania on Thursday.Ironically referring to cyberbullying as  too mean and too rough,  Melania went on to call on people to respect others. We must treat each other with respect and kindness, even when we disagree,  she said.It echoes an interview she had with Anderson Cooper last month when she told him that social media damages children because of all the  negativity. The social media, it s very damaging for the children,  she claimed.  We need to guide them and teach them about social media because I see a lot of negativity on it. Yeah, somehow Melania Trump ignored the fact that her own husband, Republican nominee Donald Trump, is king of the bullies on Twitter, yet here she is whining about cyberbullying. She should probably scroll through some of what her husband has written on his own account. That is if she s even allowed to follow him on the platform.Nevertheless, Twitter users took notice of Melania s hypocrisy and promptly ripped her a new one for it.Did Melania Trump s speech essentially denounce her husband?  Blair A. Robertson   (@Blarob) November 3, 2016Has she ever met her own husband and step kids? Clean up your own house, and take a seat! #NotMyFirstLady https://t.co/lhBIkW1ElR  Scott Nevins (@ScottNevins) November 3, 2016Melania #Trump is upset by people who bully others on the internet. You know, like her husband. pic.twitter.com/C6oCUs52UY  GOP FIB Network (@GOPFIB) November 3, 2016Just saw Melania Trump s speech on ending cyber bullying. Great. She should start with divorce.  Albert Brooks (@AlbertBrooks) November 3, 2016Melania Trump speaking out against internet trolls gets me. You are married to one.  Matt Haig (@matthaig1) November 3, 2016Melania Trump decries how uncivil our national dialogue has become. Oh, and here s Eva Braun to teach us about Hanukkah.  John Fugelsang (@JohnFugelsang) November 3, 2016Has Melania Trump even met her husband?  JAY VERSACE (@tharealversace) November 3, 2016Melania Trump coming out against cyber bullying is like Michelle Obama fighting against black men running for President.  Sean Kent (@seankent) November 3, 2016So Melania #Trump, wife of the biggest sexist in the USA, wants to be  an Advocate for Women and Children . Joke of the year?  Markus Popp (@mpopp75) November 3, 2016When Melania Trump says she wants to combat cyber bullying: pic.twitter.com/MR4iBcGa9H  Zach Braff (@zachbraff) November 3, 2016Melania Trump giving an anti-bullying speech is like a KKK member s wife speaking up against racism.  Nasty Woman (@xplora) November 3, 2016If Melania Trump really wants to tackle social media bullying she should change the password to Donald s Twitter. Problem solved.  Kaivan ??5 days (@KaivanShroff) November 3, 2016Of course, @Midnight host Chris Hardwick had the best solution to dealing with Donald Trump s cyberbullying over two weeks ago. Why would Melania wait until she s First Lady to reduce negativity on social media when she could just as easily replace her husband s phone with an exploding Samsung Galaxy Note 7. Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3954, FBI Agent Drops FATAL Truth Bomb About What The Bureau Is Doing To Hillary Clinton,"Fox Host Bret Baier found himself forced to retract a statement earlier today that claimed an indictment against Hillary Clinton was very likely because, well, he d pretty much lied and promptly got caught. But the FBI has been a sieve for information about Hillary lately, which is where Baier supposedly got some of his information, and it s time to ask why.One FBI agent, who spoke to The Guardian on the condition of anonymity, might have part of the answer. In fact, he just destroyed the bureau s reputation with his truth bomb about what s actually happening. According to this agent, the FBI is basically  Trumplandia,  in that the agency isn t anything like objective about its investigations into Hillary: The currently serving FBI agent said Clinton is  the antichrist personified to a large swath of FBI personnel,  and that  the reason why they re leaking is they re pro-Trump.' Apparently, their attitudes only got worse when Director James Comey decided not to recommend indicting Hillary earlier this year. A lot of Trumpkins all over the country were angry about that, most likely because she s a woman, and a clear and present threat to their chosen candidate. The witch hunts have very little to do with actual evidence that she s a criminal.But it s not just Trumpkins that can t stand her   whether they re Trumpkins or not, many in the FBI just have a very unfavorable view of Hillary. That, too, raises serious questions about the agency s integrity right now: There are lots of people who don t think Trump is qualified, but also believe Clinton is corrupt. What you hear a lot is that it s a bad choice, between an incompetent and a corrupt politician. The bureau has come under fire for its handling of these investigations, along with Comey s decision to send a letter to Congress about newly discovered emails just 11 days before the election. That alone was enough to give the impression that they re not objective, especially since Comey has refused to respond to that criticism.The Daily Beast also picked up on a story alleging that there are connections between Rudy Giuliani, who s got his head buried deep inside Trump s ass, and the New York City FBI office. That office pressed headquarters to continue looking into the matter of Hillary s emails after Comey declared the investigation effectively closed. Agents are pissed at Comey because they believe the failure to recommend indictment shook people s faith in the bureau.So the leaks from the bureau continue, and it s pretty clear now that the FBI is, in fact, on a witch hunt against Hillary rather than conducting legitimate investigations into legitimate problems. If anything is calling the FBI s integrity into question, it s this, rather than Comey s decision not to indict back in July.Image of Hillary Clinton by by Justin Sullivan, image of James Comey by Alex Wong, via Getty Images.",0
3955, CNN Host STUNNED After Trump Advisor Denies Evidence Of Assault Allegations (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s wife Melania, who became infamous for copying First Lady Michelle Obama s speech word for word at the Republican National Convention, recently gave yet another memorable speech this week. This time, she s being mocked for giving a truly delusional and ironic speech in which she denounced cyberbullying   a bullying tactic that her husband is practically an expert on.On Thursday, Trump deputy campaign manager David Bossie got called out by CNN s Jake Tapper over Melania s anti-cyberbullying comments, which eventually turned into an insane conversation about Trump s sexual assault allegations. Tapper pointed out how aggressive Trump is over the internet when he said: I don t know any major public figure in America who launches more personal negative attacks against people via social media than Donald Trump. If it s not okay for kids to do it, why is it okay for Donald Trump to do it? Bossie defended his boss, and gave a truly idiotic defense to insist that Trump doesn t cyberbully: Mr. Trump takes on his opponents and takes on the liberal media, that s not cyberbullying. Cyberbullying is mostly people hiding behind things. Mr. Trump takes on those who take him on. The interview got even more insane when Tapper grilled Bossie on Trump s misogyny and rape accusations, pointing out that a dozen women have now come forward to accuse Trump of sexually assaulting them. Bossie completely denied facts, leaving Tapper stunned. As Bossie tried to argue that there was no evidence that those numerous allegations were true, Tapper fired back with several facts about what Trump has been accused of over the last several weeks   which made Bossie look like an absolute idiot. The last few seconds of this interview are nothing but pure discomfort for Bossie, and it is awesome!You can watch Tapper handle the stupidity of the Trump campaign below:Featured image via video screen capture",0
3956, CNN Panel On Melania’s Cyberbullying Stance: ‘Talk To Your Husband’ (VIDEO),"The wife of a cyberbully spoke today about what she would take on as First Lady if her husband is elected. Melania Trump wants to take on Internet bullies because  our culture has gotten too mean and too rough,  she said.  We must treat each other with respect and kindness, even when we disagree,  she added.It was as if Mrs. Trump has never seen Mr. Trump s Twitter timeline or heard his disparaging remarks about women, Mexicans, Muslims, blacks, people with disabilities and prisoners of war.On Twitter, the racist Alt-Right movement which backs Trump has coordinated to bully people off of the social site. Anyone who is active on that site, especially females, knows this is true.A CNN panel reacted to Melania s big speech today in disbelief. The irony in Mrs. Trump s speech was as thick as her husband s head.Brooke Baldwin noted that Donald Trump has attacked a lot of people and just not on Twitter. He has disparaged Heidi Cruz s appearance.Dana Bash said,  Actually hearing the words out of her mouth, all I kept thinking was  Have you met Donald Trump? Maybe you should talk to your husband,  Bash said,  about the example that he has set on this issue. Watch:We remember when Donald mocked a reporter s physical disability. When he mocked Sen. John McCain for being a prisoner of war while in captivity for 5  years in North Vietnam. McCain s captors slammed a rifle butt into his right shoulder and after being moved to a camp, he was tortured.By the way, Donald Trump received multiple deferments to avoid the Vietnam War. As a bit of irony, McCain supports Trump s bid for the White House. It s almost as if he s in captivity again.So does Ted Cruz, who lost his spine and conscience recently. After insulting Ted Cruz s wife, the Texas Senator also joined Team Trump.Hey guys, we know you ve  met Donald Trump.  And so has Melania. What we re saying here is that Melania is so full of shit, we re going to have to put a toilet flush on her jaw.Image via screen capture.",0
3957, WATCH: Fox Anchor Forced To Admit He Lied About A ‘Likely’ Clinton Indictment,"You know all that buzz you are hearing about a  likely  Hillary Clinton FBI indictment? This may be the shocker of all shockers, but it s completely made up.Before right-wing pundits popped the corks on their champagne bottles, this lie was uttered by Fox News  Bret Baier, who claimed that  two separate sources with intimate knowledge of the FBI investigations  ha confirmed not only that the  Clinton Foundation investigation is far more expansive than anybody has reported so far  but that  there is a lot of evidence  and that the sources say it will end in  likely an indictment. This would be a bombshell revelation   if it were true. On Thursday, however, Baier explained that his claims were  inartful :MARTHA MACCALLUM (CO-HOST): The FBI sources that you spoke with suggest that an indictment is likely. That would prove   go ahead.BRET BAIER: I want to be clear   I want to be clear about this, and this was   came from a Q and A that I did with Brit Hume after my show and after we went through everything. He asked me if, after the election, if Hillary Clinton wins, will this investigation continue, and I said,  yes absolutely.  I pressed the sources again and again what would happen. I got to the end of that and said,  they have a lot of evidence that would, likely lead to an indictment.  But that s not, that s inartfully answered. That s not the process. That s not how you do it. You have to have a prosecutor. If they don t move forward with a prosecutor with the DOJ, there would be, I m told, a very public call for an independent prosecutor to move forward. There is confidence in the evidence, but for me to phrase it like I did, of course that got picked up everywhere, but the process is different than that.That s his way of saying he was lying. The next time one of your right-wing friends (if you have any left at this point) parrots his ridiculous claims, show them his retraction   that their absolute best argument against Hillary Clinton is based on a lie.Watch it below:Featured image via screengrab",0
3958, Senator Asks DOJ To Step In After White Supremacists Vow To Engage In Poll Watching,"A senator from Pennsylvania is asking the Department of Justice to step in following widespread media reports of white supremacists who have vowed to engage in poll watching on election day to guard against voter fraud.Sen. Bob Casey (D-Pa.) wrote a letter to Attorney General Loretta Lynch, pleading for the DOJ to intervene. These plans to monitor the polls are little more than thinly veiled attempts to suppress and delegitimize the votes of predominantly minority citizens, inflected with innuendo that recalls dark times in our country s civil rights struggle,  Casey wrote.  These calls are more than wrong and irresponsible; if executed, they could be illegal. It has been reported that the National Socialist Movement elements of the Ku Klux Klan and the American Freedom Party are planning to send members to polls in Philadelphia, and elsewhere across the country. Their goal is to ensure that Donald Trump isn t cheated out of the presidency due to voter fraud and a  rigged  election.One alt-right website is even claiming that white supremacists will be handing out liquor and marijuana in the  ghetto  of Philadelphia to help make sure minorities don t make it to the polls to cast their ballots. It has also been reported that hidden cameras will be installed throughout the city to help monitor activities.Casey told the DOJ that appalling tactics such as these must not be permitted under any circumstances. We have come too far to allow a group of white nationalists to intimidate minority voters in Philadelphia or anywhere throughout the nation,  he wrote.Trump has worked his bigoted base into a frenzy over claims that the election is  rigged.  (It s not.) He has convinced his supporters that  voter fraud  is a viable threat, when in fact, it is virtually nonexistent. These poll watching activities aren t even remotely intended to protect our system of fair elections. The only purpose for white supremacists to come out in droves to guard the polls with guns is to intimidate minorities and prevent them from voting.Featured image via John Moore/Getty Images",0
3959, FBI Is Investigating Itself After Its Twitter Account Goes All In For Trump (TWEETS),"Less than a week before one of the most important presidential elections of our lifetimes, the focus has been turned to one part of the executive branch, the FBI. Director James Comey has come under an extraordinary amount of criticism for his apparent combing of files to release everything, anything, that could be construed as anti-Clinton. Many are even calling him an arm of the Republican party.This latest revelation isn t going to change any of his critics  minds. It seems that the FBI Twitter account, which hadn t tweeted for more than a year, suddenly had some undeniably partisan tweets.The first came on October 30th, when the FBI Twitter account tweeted, strangely and seemingly out of the blue, about Donald Trump s father:Fred C. Trump: Fred C. Trump (1905-1999) was a real estate developer and philanthropist. This release consists of  https://t.co/21KgtPpmzk  FBI Records Vault (@FBIRecordsVault) October 30, 2016The tweet mysteriously left out the parts about the elder Trump s involvement with the KKK and his racist business practices.There was actually a rash of tweets that day, but most weren t political. Still, it was an odd time for the dormant account to suddenly come to life.On November 1st, there was one more tweet. This time, it was directed right to Bill Clinton:William J. Clinton Foundation: This initial release consists of material from the FBI s files related to the Will  https://t.co/Y4nz3aRSmG  FBI Records Vault (@FBIRecordsVault) November 1, 2016That was it. The account now appears to be back in hibernation, but the tweets are undergoing an internal investigation, because regardless, someone broke the law. The FBI, according to their own rules and according to federal law, is not allowed to influence elections. Candice Will, Assistant Director for the FBI s Office of Professional Responsibility, said she was referring the matter to the FBI s Inspection Division for an  investigation.  Upon completion of the investigation, the findings will be referred back to the the Office of Professional Responsibility for  adjudication.' Source: Think ProgressThe results of this investigation, unfortunately, will probably not be released before the election next Tuesday, but this, if anything, is simply more proof that the FBI, and in particular, James Comey, is holding his thumb on the scale trying to elect Donald Trump.Featured image via Alex Wong/Getty Images",0
3960, Nikki Reed DESTROYS Trump For Insulting Women In Epic Video,"The Twilight actress absolutely shredded the Republican nominee.And the reason why is pretty clear. Throughout his campaign, Donald Trump has repeatedly insulted women to the point where if only women voted in this election Hillary Clinton would win in a landslide that would give her a mandate.Indeed, Clinton is on pace to do even better with women on November 8th than President Obama did in 2008 and 2012.But just in case there are women out there who have not heard any of the things Trump has said about them, Nikki Reed blasted Trump s misogyny in a new video posted by Humanity For Hillary.In the video, Reed slammed Donald Trump and all the men who support him in an NSFW feminist smackdown that Trump is going to throw a hissy fit about on Twitter for days. This has been a bruising election,  Reed begins.  On the one hand, we have the chance to elect a lifelong public servant, powerful, experienced, highly qualified to be the first female President of the United States. On the other hand, a candidate who reminds us of the worst men in our lives. Men who saw a powerful woman and tried to block her rise. Our rise. Men who called us bossy, unlikable, liars, and attention seekers. Ambitious, like that s a bad thing. Reed went on to talk about how misogynists like Trump attacked women for doing things like writing books and making movies and that when women continued to achieve new heights despite them they started hurling insults like the C-word, a word that Donald Trump has used in the past. I ve been called the C-word,  Reed said.  Have you been called the C-word? Reed then pointed out that there is an anti-Hillary SuperPac called C.U.N.T. and proceeded reference Trump calling Hillary a  nasty woman  by calling upon all nasty women to vote against Trump on Election Day because  we are so very close to putting all of that behind us because nasty women vote. And then she sent a message to Trump and his deplorable sexist supporters. So Donald Trump and to every man like Donald Trump who grabbed us, blocked us, who called us fat, unqualified, stupid, ugly and c*nt, we have one thing to say to you: C. U. Next Tuesday. Here s the video via Facebook.Make no mistake, if this campaign and Donald Trump s life before it are any indication, women will be treated like absolute shit if Trump somehow becomes president. There is no doubt about that whatsoever. That s why is it crucial that women vote on Election Day no matter what. Because if Trump wins, women will lose everything they have fought for over the last 100 years, including the right to vote.Featured image via video screen capture",0
3961, WATCH: Nicole Wallace Takes Trump To The Woodshed For Bullying NBC Reporter Katy Tur,"Donald Trump once again bullied NBC correspondent Katy Tur during a rally and put her safety at risk, prompting Nicole Wallace to blast the Republican nominee in response.During a Florida rally on Wednesday, boos and jeers were aimed at Katy Tur by a crowd of thousands after Trump accused her of not showing the size of the audience on camera as some sort of scheme by the media to rig the election.Here s footage of the rally via YouTube: It is a unique experience to have an entire crowd of people, whether it is an open-air venue, like we were today, or a stadium with 10,000+ people booing you,  Tur told Brian Williams after the event.Tur explained that Trump knows he is full of shit because he jokes in private to reporters that he knows how television works and that while one camera is trained on the candidate to get his speech on tape, there are plenty of other cameras filming crowd shots. This is a schtick that he does to rile up his base, it s to give them an excuse for polls that might not be in his favor, it s to give them an excuse to berate someone other than Donald Trump and to blame somebody for something that doesn t look as good as they want it to look,  Tur said.But while Tur braved the storm and stood her ground against Trump, GOP strategist Nicole Wallace reacted with shock that a presidential candidate would engage in such bullying. It s bullying, it s bullying a woman,  Wallace began when asked about her thoughts on Trump attacking Tur.  It s bullying a journalist who covers him. It s not only odd in politics, it s odd in public life. It s something that if any of our kids did in school they probably would get kicked out He has normalized cyber-bullying, he has normalized the sort of bullying of a woman in a huge chanting crowd, he has normalized behavior that maybe had its seed in standing up to what a lot of Republicans think is a biased media, but it has taken on a life of its own that is dangerous and sinister. In the end, it will not help him win   it will be part of the reason that he loses. Here s the video via YouTube:Trump s attack on Tur is especially dangerous because his deplorable supporters are bloodthirsty right now and have threatened Democrats and the media with violence if Trump doesn t win the election. Tur even had to have Secret Service protection earlier this year because Trump singled her out at a rally and caused his supporters to put her safety in serious jeopardy. Such behavior by a presidential candidate, or anyone for that matter, is unacceptable.Donald Trump is a bully and America does not need a bully in the White House, especially since he is a thin-skinned bully who would have control of the military and our nuclear arsenal, a dangerous combination since Trump is easily provoked by even the smallest of slights.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
3962, Trump Campaign Manager Gives SICKENING Interview On ‘Enormous Sacrifices’ Trump Made (VIDEO),"It wasn t too long ago that Republican nominee Donald Trump made us feel sick to our stomach when he told Gold Star parent Khizr Khan, the father of a Muslim soldier that was killed defending this country, that he had  made a lot of sacrifices. It was a disgusting claim, as few people have been as entitled as Trump   but his campaign is back at it again, trying to depict Trump as someone who has actually worked hard.On Thursday, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway insisted that the reason people were voting for Trump was because they appreciated all of the sacrifices he made by running for the White House. In a completely delusional interview with CNN s Chris Cuomo, Conway said: Donald Trump is closing with a positive message. He s talking about his love for the country, his love for the people, what he s going to do to help them solve everyday problems. And Hillary Clinton, unfortunately, has gone lower and lower. They re going totally negative. Obviously, the Trump campaign is now ignoring the fact that its entire campaign strategy has been negative, hateful and divisive. Conway s next statement was even more ridiculous, because Trump has tanked horribly with female voters and shown that he has zero respect for them throughout his entire life. Female voters especially don t like that. They feel they deserve and should be respected to have a substantive conversation. Conway called Trump, who has scammed and insulted more people than we can count throughout his campaign,  incredibly gracious and really funny. And he s doing this for all the right reasons. I mean, I think people will look back at this campaign   particularly after he wins on Tuesday   and they ll say, we totally missed how much America just appreciated  how much America appreciated the fact that he and his family made enormous sacrifices to run for president. Really,  enormous sacrifices?  This statement is just as sickening as when Trump mentions that  small  loan of one million dollars that his father gave him as he whines about how hard his life has been as a wealthy white male. Trump and his family basically had riches handed to them, and they haven t used it to do good. Even Trump s charities have failed to give back as much as Trump says they have.Considering she d already made so many false statements, Conway decided to go for the gold when she trashed Clinton and the Democratic Party. She said: I mean, this is not the Democratic Party that you and I grew up in, Chris. It has gone so far to the left, I can t even reach my hand out and touch it. Cuomo deserves an award for keeping a straight face through this. You can watch Conway in action below:Featured image is a screenshot",0
3963," If You Think Hillary And Trump Are Both Bad Candidates, Seth Meyers Clears Up That Bullsh*t Idea","The ultimate guide to who really is the worst candidate in this election.On a night when the Chicago Cubs won their first World Series title since 1908, Seth Meyers  Closer Look segment went largely unnoticed at a time when millions of Americans are trying to make their final decision on who they will vote for on November 8th.For months, these undecided voters have written off the contest as one between two equally awful candidates. They say it doesn t matter who wins because both are the same.But as Meyers hilariously pointed out on Wednesday night, Hillary Clinton is not nearly as bad as Donald Trump. It s not even close. I mean, do you pick someone who s under federal investigation for using a private email server? Or do you pick someone who called Mexicans  rapists,  claimed the president was born in Kenya, proposed banning an entire religion from entering the U.S., mocked a disabled reporter, said John McCain wasn t a war hero because he was captured, attacked the parents of a fallen soldier, bragged about committing sexual assault, was accused by 12 women of committing sexual assault, said some of those women weren t attractive enough for him to sexually assault, said more countries should get nukes, said he would force the military to commit war crimes, said a judge was  biased  because his parents were Mexicans, said women should be  punished  for having abortions, incited violence at his rallies, called global warming  a hoax perpetrated by the Chinese,  called for his opponent to be jailed, declared bankruptcy six times, bragged about not paying income taxes, stiffed his contractors and employees, lost a billion dollars in one year, scammed customers at his fake university, bought a six-foot-tall painting of himself with money from his fake foundation, has a trial for fraud coming up in November, insulted an opponent s looks, insulted an opponent s wife s looks, and bragged about grabbing women  by the pussy.  How do you choose? Here s the video via YouTube.Seriously, if people can t recognize that Trump is the worst candidate running in this election they shouldn t be allowed to vote at all. The ignorance of one voter in a democracy impairs the security of all.   John F. KennedyFeatured Image: Screenshot",0
3964, GOP Governor Calls Blacks “Colored People” (VIDEO),"Georgia s Republican governor Nathan Deal stirred up a hornet s nest of controversy when comments he made referring to black Americans as  colored people  surfaced on Wednesday night.Georgia Gov. Nathan Deal (R) went after opponents of an education ballot measure known as Amendment 1 in a speech last month, saying if they wanted to help  colored people,  this measure was a good place to start. The irony of some of the groups who are opposing doing something to help these minority children is beyond my logic. If you want to advance the state of colored people, start with their children,  Deal said in an Oct. 3 speech, Fox 5 in Atlanta reported Wednesday.Deal told a local news station that he meant to reference the NAACP, and didn t mean to say  colored people,  which is a dubious claim at best.The governor is a former member of congress who once wrote a formal letter to the Obama White House to formally raise questions about President Obama s place of birth as part of the birther conspiracy theory.Many have pointed out that the birther conspiracy is steeped in racist attitudes about the presidency and President Obama being the first black president, who was quickly challenged to present papers verifying his place of birth (it is Hawaii).Deal s comments come precisely when Republicans are still being forced to grapple with their presidential nominee Donald Trump s blatant embrace of racism. Trump s bigoted push has emboldened cells of white supremacists, who see their beliefs reflected in his words. That includes former Klansman David Duke, who is now a Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate in Louisiana. And on the same night Deal s comments were publicized, Duke took part in a debate at a historically black university. Within the Republican Party, Duke has attracted a small following, but enough to qualify him for the debate stage.Featured image via screen capture",0
3965, Hillary’s Reaction To Her Cubbies FINALLY Winning The World Series Is PRICELESS (IMAGES),"The Chicago Cubs have just won the World Series for the first time after 108 years, and one Chicago native couldn t be happier about it.That person? Hillary Clinton.Born in Chicago, and raised in the suburbs, Hillary has never in her lifetime, along with pretty much every Cubs fan, seen the Cubbies go all the way and become World Champions.Well, on Wednesday, November 2, 2016, all that changed. The Cubs went head to head with the Cleveland Indians to win 8-7 in extra innings during Game 7. It was a baseball game for the ages.Unable to contain her emotions, the press following Hillary on the campaign trail were able to catch her reactions to the Cubs big game and win, and it s pretty priceless.Here are some amazing images:Hillary Clinton watching Cubs win the World Series. #WorldSeries #Cubs pic.twitter.com/U1L3dIBs2Q  Gilbert (@gilbertmacias) November 3, 2016Here s a closer look at those reactions.via Twittervia TwitterShe s pretty much thanking the Lord that her hometown team finally went all the way and in the most epic fashion. It couldn t have been a bigger nailbiter of a game if you scripted it.Hopefully, this is just one of two victories Hillary will be celebrating within the next week. The presidential election between her and Donald Trump is also becoming a bit of a nailbiter, and we ll all be on the edge of our seats for that match-up as well.Featured Photo by Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images",0
3966, Trump Supporters Booby Trap Polling Place And Spill Blood Of Election Volunteer (VIDEO),"Donald Trump s deplorable supporters aren t waiting for the election results to start spilling blood.They ve been threatening bloody violence ever since Trump began claiming that the election is  rigged  in favor of Hillary Clinton. And Trump has called for them to intimidate voters at polling places.In Texas last week, a Trump supporter was arrested for electioneering at a polling place because he was wearing one of Trump s stupid hats and a  Deplorables  T-shirt to vote.Election code prohibits any person from electioneering within 100 feet of a polling place.Of course, Trump supporters threw a temper tantrum because they think the rules don t apply to them.Well, now it looks like they have retaliated by setting up a booby trapped Trump sign at a polling place knowing that an official or volunteer would have to take the sign down.At Collin College in Plano, Texas a Trump sign was discovered zip-tied to an official polling location sign in direct violation of the election code that forbids electioneering at polling places.But when a volunteer went out to remove the sign they got a nasty surprise in the form of box cutter blades that were strategically hidden inside. The blades sliced into the volunteer s hands and drew blood, requiring medical attention and prompting officials to order that signs be checked thoroughly before removal. It just shows how far we have come in politics where people want to be so mean and so hateful to try and injure somebody who s probably not got any political party persuasion one way or the other,  local Democratic Party campaign chair Steve Spainhouer said in response .  I think most people have already made their minds up at this point how they re going to vote and so there s nothing to gain by being mean spirited or hateful. Here s the video via KTVT.Frankly, this should be considered an act of domestic terrorism. Trump s supporters have gone too far and it could get worse as Election Day approaches. And if Trump loses, his supporters have already threatened to try to overthrow the federal government in a bloody coup.Clearly, these people are deranged and the safety of voters and election officials are in danger. But you won t hear Donald Trump condemning this act of violence. After all, he is the one inciting it.Featured Image: Darren McCollester/Getty Images",0
3967, Right-Wing Militias Preparing To Wage War If Hillary Clinton Beats Trump,"As Election Day approaches, the threat of violence and bloodshed is becoming more and more likely.So far, the threats of a violent coup against the federal government had only been coming from a few deplorable Trump supporters like Dan Bowman who told the Boston Globe last month that he is literally hoping that conservatives overthrow the federal government in the event that Trump loses to Hillary Clinton on November 8th. If she s in office, I hope we can start a coup,  he said.  She should be in prison or shot. That s how I feel about it. We re going to have a revolution and take them out of office if that s what it takes. There s going to be a lot of bloodshed. But that s what it s going to take I would do whatever I can for my country. Many Trump supporters have echoed Bowman in one way or another in response to Trump s dubious claims that the election is  rigged  against him.And now things just escalated because right-wing militias are actively preparing to join such a movement should their fellow Trump supporters follow through on their threats.The Oathkeepers and Three Percent Security Force are right-wing militia groups that have been conducting training sessions in recent weeks in preparation for a violent rebellion if Donald Trump loses the election.Right-wing terrorist wannabe Chris Hill told Reuters that his militia group is training to  save America. This is the last chance to save America from ruin,  Hill said.  I m surprised I was able to survive or suffer through eight years of Obama without literally going insane, but Hillary is going to be more of the same. Hill further implied that his group will act to  protect  any so-called  protesters  who try to overthrow the government, which means shooting federal authorities who try to disarm them. I will be there to render assistance to my fellow countrymen, and prevent them from being disarmed, and I will fight and I will kill and I may die in the process,  Hill said.  We ve been building up for this, just like the Marines,  he continued.  We are going to really train harder and try to increase our operational capabilities in the event that this is the day that we hoped would never come. In other words, these Trump supporting militias are have literally been preparing to launch a terrorist attack against the United States if the election does not go their way.And it s even scarier because these gun nuts don t think they can be punished for their actions since the Bundy brothers and their fellow terrorists were acquitted by a jury in what is one of the worst miscarriages of justice in American history. Now right-wing militias are only emboldened. If the Bundys can seize a federal building and get away with it, maybe they think they can get away with overthrowing the federal government.These people are a threat to our democracy and our institutions and they should be arrested before Election Day to ensure public safety. If Trump loses he needs to grow a pair and concede, because if he doesn t he should be charged and imprisoned for any blood that is spilled as a result of his refusal to do what every other losing presidential contender has done throughout American history.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3968, Trump Just Got Dealt A STINGING Blow From His Own Son-In-Law’s Newspaper,"The New York Observer, which Ivanka Trump s husband, Jared Kushner, owns, has made its presidential endorsement. Or, more accurately, its presidential non-endorsement. After endorsing Trump during the primaries, his own son-in-law s paper has decided it s not endorsing anyone at all.The Observer s editor-in-chief, Ken Kurson, simply said: Observer is not going to make an endorsement in the general. Oh, ouch. That just hurts, at least for Trump. We re ecstatic. The Observer can t endorse Hillary or they d probably all get fired, and the same thing could happen if they endorsed a third-party candidate. But it seems that they can t, in good conscience, endorse their owner s father-in-law.Wow.Trump hasn t been able to get very many newspaper endorsements in the general   in fact, he s only gotten six endorsements in all, and they re all from small papers with the exception of Sheldon Adelson s Las Vegas Review-Journal. That s it. That s all. Hundreds of newspapers in the country, and Trump garners a whole six endorsements.Compare that to Hillary s dozens of newspaper endorsements, which include conservative papers like the Arizona Republic, which had never endorsed a Democratic candidate in its 126-year history, and the Dallas Morning News, which hadn t endorsed a Democrat for more than 75 years. Other papers with strong histories of endorsing Republicans likewise broke with tradition to endorse Hillary.You know your candidate just sucks horrifically when his own son-in-law s paper can t bring itself to endorse him. Amusingly, the Observer has actually had issues with its coverage of Trump because of Kushner s relationship, with Kurson saying in 2015: If we run something pro-Trump we will automatically be accused of carrying water for him (on account of the relationship to our publisher). If we run something anti-Trump, we will be accused of trying to curry favor with our peers in journalism or worse, intentionally being only a little hard on him so that later we can love him up and point to the earlier softball as proof that we re fair. So they re in an impossible position, really, but their refusal to endorse Trump at all is a blow to his standing as a candidate.Featured image by Brian Blanco via Getty Images",0
3969, Anthony Weiner’s Alleged Teenaged Victim Is P*ssed – At Comey,"For the first time, in recent memory at least, the FBI has decided to put its thumb on the scale of the presidential election by releasing maybes, leaks and innuendo against Hillary Clinton. While a parade of people both on the left and right have railed against the head of the FBI, James Comey, the most powerful voice has been from one of the key figures involved in the so-called investigation: Anthony Weiner s alleged teenage victim of sexting.According to Comey, the FBI has  learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the investigation.  Comey didn t say Clinton is being indicted. He didn t say she was even involved. He hasn t even seen the emails that may or may not implicate Clinton. It s guilt by possible association with something that might exist, and all of this bunch of nothin  came out just days before the election.The alleged victim of the sexting that is at the center of the controversy wrote an open letter (printed in Buzzfeed) that raked Comey over the coals. She s upset that she s being re-victimized to become a political tool. Here are some excerpts:In your letter, you chose to use a vague approach, meaning the media had to keep searching to try and find out what evidence you had uncovered and how. Every media outlet from local to national has contacted me and my family to get my  story.  Why couldn t your letter have waited until after the election, so I would not have to be the center of attention the last week of the election cycle?In his  cooperation  with you and with his love of the spotlight, Anthony Weiner has given information that led to the media finding me. You have assisted him in further victimizing me on every news outlet. I can only assume that you saw an opportunity for political propaganda.I thought your job as FBI Director was to protect me. I thought if I cooperated with your investigation, my identity as a minor would be kept secret. That is no longer the case. My family and I are barraged by reporters  phone calls and emails. I have been even been blamed in a newspaper for causing Donald Trump to now be leading in some polls and costing Hillary the election. ..The election is important, yes, but what happened to me and how it makes me feel and how others see me, is much more important. It s time that the FBI Director puts his victims  rights above political views.The girl, who appears to be exceptionally articulate and more informed than the majority of voters on both sides of the aisle, signed the letter,  Girl that lost her faith in America.  She s not alone. This election has been one of the most bitter and contentious and fact free (on the Republican side) in our nation s history. We hadn t yet hit rock bottom when Comey made his statement, but we re coming closer every single day.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images. ",0
3970, Trump-Loving Oklahoma GOP Rep. Busted Calling For Hillary Clinton’s Murder (SCREENSHOTS),"What is it with Trump supporters constantly threatening future President Hillary Clinton s life? Oklahoma state Rep. John Bennett, who endorsed The Donald last year, decided he needed a little something to help his re-election bid next week, so he skipped straight from  lock her up  to  hang her and lock her up if you can t    a message that is sure to be popular with Deplorables who happen to escape from their basket.Linking a far-Right blog post blaming Clinton for the Benghazi attacks (come on, guys, this dead horse is beginning to smell terrible), Bennett offered a solution to dealing with this imagined criminal for her non-existent crimes: murder.After removing the post failed to make it go away because screenshots exist, Bennett moved on to damage control, explaining that he doesn t wish death on anyone   because he apparently meant the kind of firing squad that shoots water guns. He explains that she should be charged with treason or thrown in jail for whatever the f*ck he thinks she did this week, though he did not say whom would be the judge in this case since no actual judge would participate in this bit of dumbfuckery   we can only assume he would nominate himself to pronounce her guilty and get the ball rolling on the whole murder thing.Threatening a presidential candidate is a felony offense, but for some reason Trumpsters never seem to be held responsible for their actions. Hopefully, since this threat was made by an elected official, things will be different this time.Featured image via screengrab",0
3971, Obama Just OBLITERATED The GOP’s Threat To Kill The Supreme Court If Hillary Wins,"This election is all about the Supreme Court, and nobody s been hammering that point more than Republicans. They say that if Hillary s elected, she ll nominate liberal judges who will take away all our rights and freedoms, or something, because that s totally how the judicial branch works. To that end, the GOP has pretty much said they ll block all her nominees, just as they ve blocked Merrick Garland, the justice Obama nominated to replace Justice Scalia.To nobody s surprise, Obama is pissed off about this, as well he should be because now they re just being childish and petty. The Senate GOP originally said that they won t consider Garland because they think the American people should decide who replaces Scalia. Now they re going back on even that, and Obama put a nice, sharp point on their hypocrisy earlier today: Now they re saying,  Well, if [the people] don t decide the way we want them to decide, maybe we won t even do that.  Eleven years ago, Richard Burr said a Supreme Court without nine justices would not work. Well, what changed? What, only Republican presidents get to nominate judges? Is that in the Constitution? I used to teach constitutional law. I ve never seen that provision.  [emphasis mine] What, only Republican presidents get to nominate judges?  Obama goes to town on GOP senators floating a SCOTUS blockade under Clinton. pic.twitter.com/LcSXveJukJ  Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) November 2, 2016BOOM. With their  my way or the highway,  position, they ve proved once and for all that this has nothing to do with having the American people decide anything. It proves that they don t care about creating a Constitutional crisis if it gets them what they want. It s about knowing that they ll lose even more power if a Democratic president is allowed any more Supreme Court justices   the will of the people be damned.And power is all they care about. At this point, they don t care how they get it and keep it as long as they do it.If Hillary s elected next Tuesday, the American people will have decided, even if they decided against Republicans rather than deciding for Democrats. The nominees of Democratic presidents deserve a fair hearing and vote. It s a truly terrible situation for the GOP, but, well, they ve been digging their own graves for six years. They get to live with the fruits of their actions.Featured image by Sara D. Davis via Getty Images",0
3972, Trump Fan: Sexual Assault Victims Should ‘Grow a Set’ And Just ‘Get Over It’ (VIDEO),"After former reality show star Donald Trump was caught on video speaking casually about sexually assaulting women, it s clear that his supporters take no issue with that. Sexual assault is a soul-crushing experience but to them, the victim just needs to  get over it.  We ve heard Trump s defenders refer to the Republican presidential candidate s predatory  grab them by the pussy  comments in 1995 as simply  locker room talk.  Maybe they re speaking of the locker rooms at Rikers Island, who knows.It s not just Trump s angry white male supporters, but women, too. In light of recent allegations by up to 12 women who say Trump sexually assaulted or harassed them, CNN s Randi Kaye spoke to Donald s supporters at a rally in Eau Claire, Wisconsin on Tuesday to get their take on it. Donald Trump really has the character of God: a loving, caring father,  one woman told Kaye.  Donald Trump is a man God chose for a time such as this. I think we ve all fallen short from what God expects,  said another.Another said that people just try to  pick on Trump and his character. One man said he s not  looking for someone who is perfect,  but he is looking for  someone to save this country.  That man originally supporter Ben Carson but now, he s on the Trump Train.As for Trump s infamous  grab them by the pussy  comments, one man said it bothered him but added,  Is it a deal breaker? No. One woman said,  Some of that the media has made it be worse than it is. The reported reminded her that his remarks are on tape. The woman said,  Yeah, it doesn t bother me. I think those women need to grow a set, personally,  she continued.  You know, it s been a lot of years. Get over it. Watch:We re pretty sure if her daughter was sexually assaulted, she wouldn t be so dismissive. Or if it happened to her or her mother. But it s OK. It happened to someone else so  get over it.  Such caring conservatives.Reminder: Trump is due in court on December 16th on child rape charges.Don t forget to vote.Image via screen capture. ",0
3973, Trump Supporters Just DESTROYED A Black Church In The Most Disrespectful Way (TWEETS),"Just a few days before election day, Donald Trump s dangerous supporters are ramping up their intimidation and fear tactics   and it s truly getting out of hand.On Tuesday night, a historically black church in Mississippi was vandalized by these racist Trump lovers. The church was not only set on fire, but it was vandalized with graffiti that said,  Vote Trump    making it clear that the crime was influenced by the Republican nominee s hateful, divisive rhetoric. Greenville Mayor Errick Simmons has called what happened to the Hopewell Missionary Baptist Church a  hateful and cowardly act  and said: It is being investigated as a hate crime. This is a direct assault on people s right to freely worship. We are going to investigate the matter with all deliberate speed and will not rest until the perpetrator is arrested and prosecuted. TwitterTwitterAccording to Simmons, the fire is being investigated in a joint effort by the the  Greenville Fire and Police Departments, the local district attorney and the Washington County Sheriff s office, in addition to the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives and the Jackson branch of the FBI.  A suspect has not emerged as of yet, but luckily no one was injured in the fire.Simmons said the fire affected the main sanctuary of the church, which sustained heavy fire and smoke damage.  The pastor s study and kitchen were also ruined. Simmons has been in communication with Pastor Clarence Green and some of the members. He said: He is doing as well as well as one can be doing to come and see his church engulfed in flames. Last night he interestingly had a positive message to say that we cannot solve hate with hate. We gotta love, and just rely on God. Meanwhile, many Americans are noting that Trump s increasingly hateful messaging is having devastating consequences.TwitterTrump has not yet responded to what his supporters did to the black church, yet he was sure to tweet about two police officers in Iowa that were recently killed.Featured image via Angie Quezada and Drew Angerer / Getty Images",0
3974, Hillary Unleashes BRUTAL Rant On Trump Supporter Calling Her Husband A Rapist (VIDEO),"Hillary Clinton has had it with Donald Trump s rude, offensive supporters and the numerous intimidation tactics they try to use against her and the rest of the country.On Tuesday night, Clinton was holding a rally at Reverend Samuel Delevoe Memorial Park in Fort Lauderdale when a Trump supporter shouted,  Bill Clinton is a rapist!  over and over, disrupting her speech. As Clinton s supporters tried to drown out the Trump lover by shouting Clinton s name, the Democratic nominee reacted and went off on the protester, delivering the perfect rant while pointing right at the man. She said: You know, I am sick and tired of the negative, dark, divisive, dangerous vision and behavior from people who support Donald Trump. It is time for us to say no, we are not going backwards, we re going forward into a brighter future. The protester, who was completely unharmed during this entire incident, was taken out of the rally by security. But before he left, Clinton left the Trump supporter (and anyone else like him) with this parting wisdom: You may be angry about something, but anger is not a plan. Don t be used. Don t be exploited. You can watch Clinton unload on the Trump supporter below:The protester in the video was likely causing issues at Clinton s event not because he actually believes that her husband, former President Bill Clinton, is a rapist   but because the website InfoWars has offered to pay anyone shouting  Bill Clinton is a rapist  at a Clinton rally a hefty reward of $5,000. Yes, these are the desperate tactics conservatives are using to try to bring Clinton down as she crushed Trump in the polls. It s unfortunate and nearly pointless for them  it s costing them tons of money to continue smearing her name, and none of it is working.Featured image via Joe Raedle / Getty Images",0
3975, Trump FURIOUS After Jon Stewart Mocks Him For 5 Minutes Straight At Veterans’ Benefit (VIDEO),"As you all know by now, former Daily Show host Jon Stewart once gave Donald Trump a much-retweeted nickname: F*ckface Von Clownstick   and on Tuesday, he told the crowd at this year s Stand Up For Heroes benefit exactly how Trump earned that nickname.Recounting Trump s numerous and blatant attempts to point out to his Twitter followers that Stewart is a Jew, demanding to know why he abandoned his heritage by adopting the name Jon Stewart for showbiz.If Jon Stewart is so above it all & legit, why did he change his name from Jonathan Leibowitz? He should be proud of his heritage!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 3, 2013At the time, CNN s Jake Tapper hit the nail on the head, pointing out that  anti-Semitic jerks  like Trump would use his heritage  as if they were pejorative. .@realDonaldTrump I imagine bc there are anti-Semitic jerks who would try to use his last name and heritage as if they were pejorative  Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) May 3, 2013 So I start to think to myself Oh, I think this guy s trying to let people know I m a Jew,  Stewart told the crowd.  And I think to myself like  Doesn t my face do that?' So I decide to tweet back at him,  Many people don t know this but Donald Trump s real name is Fuckface Von Clownstick. I wish he would embrace the Von Clownstick heritage,  Stewart said, quipping that  Lincoln used to get into this shit all the time. I swear to you, this is true   the man who very likely, given the FBI s preference, be our next President then tweeted  Amazing how the haters and losers keep voting the name Fuckface von Clownstick like they are so original and no one else is doing it,  Stewart recalled, attempting not to laugh too much.  Then he tweeted  What s funny about the name  Fuckface Von Clownstick? It was not coined by Jon Leibowitz; he stole it from a moron on Twitter.' So I tweet back,  We seem to have hit a F*ckface Von Nervestick,  Stewart continues. He then pointed out that right-wing superman Trump then went silent until four days later in the middle of the night until he tweeted  Little Jon Stewart is a pussy and would be hopeless in a debate with me. Vote wisely this November,  Stewart concluded.Watch it below, and be sure to pick up a spit shield for your screen. You re going to need it:Featured image via Getty Images (Dave Kotinsky)",0
3976, University Official Once Said Rape Victims Were Actually Just Sick In The Head,"Baylor University s vice president for senior operations, Reagan Ramsower, apparently doesn t think much of women who report a rape. In fact, according to a former Title IX coordinator for the school, he made possibly the worst observation imaginable: Women who report rape are mentally ill.Baylor official called women who reported sexual assault  mentally ill,  ex-Title IX coordinator says | https://t.co/IZ4NiRs2QH pic.twitter.com/o8VORBE1D9  Dallas Morning News (@dallasnews) November 2, 2016While Ramsower denies this, but Patty Crawford appeared on and episode of  60 Minutes Sports On Showtime,  in which she said: It seemed like it came from the fact that one of the women   was suicidal. I said,  No   the incidents themselves have caused traumatic response in these women. They are not mentally ill. Someone who s been violated usually suffers from anxiety and depression related to the violation. The condition is not what makes women report being raped. Sadly, though, it s extremely common for our society to find ways to blame women for their trauma, rather than placing the blame squarely where it belongs   on the jackass who raped her.Crawford also said, in the interview, that she was refused access to police reports about rape on Baylor s campus, and was shut down in other ways too. Crawford told  60 Minutes Sports On Showtime  that Waco police  do not want the actual police reports turned over to Title IX . These are things the university and Ramsower vehemently deny, despite the problems Baylor is known to experience with rape, because of course they do.Why would they do that? Because reasons. All of those reasons have to do with rape culture in general. Women may not report rape for months, years, or even never, which discredits them in the eyes of the justice system and society in general. The fact that they often know their rapists just furthers the idea that they were somehow complicit.We have no universal legal definition of rape, so whether someone was actually raped often depends on how the justice system wants to define it for that particular case.But perhaps worst of all is that universities handle rape cases because of Title IX, and not because it s the right thing to do. The Department of Education can take years to investigate cases themselves, and many universities don t punish or expel the rapists, even when they re found guilty. And, in the case of Baylor, Stanford (Brock Turner) and others, athletes are treated as being above the law.Ramsower did acknowledge a failure on the part of the Waco police department to properly handle a case of gang rape. However, doesn t absolve him of claiming that rape victims are mentally ill by pointing to one victim that was suicidal due to her particular trauma.Featured image via screen capture from embedded tweet",0
3977, JUST IN: Republicans In Florida Are Giving One Presidential Candidate A Pretty Big Lead Already (VIDEO),"What many people have been predicting throughout the course of this election may be starting to come to fruition, but it s still early, so nothing is for certain.What s that prediction? That Republicans help Hillary Clinton win by voting for her over Donald Trump.According to TargetSmart, who is known for their political data, Clinton has an eight point lead in Florida among early voters.BREAKING: @_TargetSmart/@williamandmary FL poll: HRC 48   DJT 40Early voters from FL SoS: 55   38Likely voters, haven't voted yet: 42   43  TargetSmart (@_TargetSmart) November 2, 2016Tom Bonier, TargetSmart CEO, appeared on The Last Word with Lawrence O Donnell on MSNBC to share the news of this polling. The most surprising finding being that Clinton has 28% of registered Republican voters voting for her.Bonier said: We see this race as an eight point spread in favor of Secretary Clinton. 48-40. Which really is challenging the conventional wisdom of what we ve seen so far. I will say, in what we re seeing, as been noted on your show and elsewhere on the network, a lot of the vote in Florida has already been cast and elsewhere. As of this morning, over 3.6 million votes have been cast, and so, what s unique about this survey is our ability to actually poll people who have voted and see where they are. There s been a lot of analysis of who s voted by party, but really no sense given of how they re voting.Really what s fueling, honestly, this somewhat surprising eight percent margin for Secretary Clinton is the fact that she s performing incredibly strongly with registered Republican voters. So, what we re seeing in this survey is winning 28% of registered Republicans who have already cast a ballot in Florida. This certainly doesn t look too good for Trump, but it s still early and the election is still a week a way, so who s really to know. BUT it s definitely looking good for Clinton thus far. Watch here:28% of GOP early voters in Florida voted for #HillaryClinton & she has an 8 point lead in early voting!#ImWithHer #LastWord pic.twitter.com/zNIk7UEyEE  Khary Penebaker (@kharyp) November 2, 2016Featured Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images",0
3978, DAMNING New Poll Shows A BIG Chunk Of Federal Employees Could Quit Their Jobs If Trump Wins,"It seems that Donald Trump is rather unpopular with the workforce that will have to answer to him if he s elected. Despite the union representing ICE endorsing him, other federal workers in various ederal agencies view Hillary far more favorably than Trump. That s not too terribly surprising. What is surprising, though, is that a number of them may just up and quit their jobs if they find their agencies answering to a President Trump.A large number of them. A recent poll, from a federal publication called Government Executive, surveyed a random sample of 1,085 federal employees across 35 agencies and found that Hillary has a commanding lead over Trump, with 53 percent saying they d vote for her vs. 35 percent saying they d vote for Trump if the election were today.Image via Government ExecutiveBut the more damning statistic was that 27 percent said they would, would consider, or might leave the federal service if Trump was elected. That s compared to 16 percent for Hillary. Nine percent said they didn t know what they d do if Trump was elected, compared to just five percent who said that about Hillary.Image via Government ExecutiveImage via Government ExecutiveFederal employees do tend to lean Democratic in part because their jobs are more secure, and they do better economically, under Democratic presidents rather than Republicans. Donald Trump just adds to the GOP s woes in this area because he s a completely incompetent fool that they allowed to become their nominee.In fact, that s evidenced in another damning part of the poll. Thirty-one percent of respondents feel that Hillary would be very effective at managing federal agencies, whereas only 18 percent feel Trump could do that job very well. Just 27 percent said that Hillary would be  not at all effective  in that arena, compared to a whopping 51 percent who believe that about Trump.Image via Government ExecutiveImage via Government ExecutiveThe federal workforce is made up of more than four million people, including our 1.5 million members of the military. Assuming everyone who resigned was in the civilian workforce, that s well over 700,000 employees who would leave under Trump. Add the military members who could consider early retirement into that, and Trump s in a lot of trouble. At the bare minimum, Trump would have to face a workforce that, by and large, doesn t like him, along with a quick loss of hundreds of thousands employees.As for the rest of the country, the federal workforce would then fill up with Trumpkins, which could make life worse for us even faster. We sooo do not need a federal workforce full of deplorables. That would be deplorable.Sure, Republicans would probably paint that as a good thing because they say we need to shrink the size of the government anyway, but the whole thing could backfire spectacularly depending on which agencies suffered the heaviest losses.But really, we can t blame them for feeling this way. Trump would be the worst president to happen to this country.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
3979, This Anti-Semitic Trump Supporter Wants You To Know He’s Actually Just Racist (VIDEO),"Video quickly went viral of Trump supporter George Lindell, a resident of Phoenix, Arizona. Lindell could be seen and heard chanting to the media pen  Jew-S-A Jew-S-A    which is clearly an anti-Semitic slur.Watch Lindell do his chant here:However, that s not the end of the story. After Lindell was called out on his clear anti-Semitism, he tried to clear things up and explain what he was actually saying.According to The Arizona Republic: The Phoenix man spent Monday trying to explain why his chanting what sounded like Jew-S-A  at the Saturday rally was not meant as a slur. I want to talk to everybody,  Lindell said Monday. He s a painter for hire and had a job scheduled, but he put it off so he could respond. Local television stations were calling, so were national websites. He said CNN was trying to arrange something.Lindell needed to do the interviews, he said, to counter what people are saying about him.  They re calling me racist, calling me all kinds of names. He s now saying that he wasn t going after Jewish people or the religion, but rather just saying  USA  in a heavy Spanish accent.The Arizona Republican reports: Lindell said he has a rational explanation for his chant. What sounded like  Jew,  was in fact, he said, a chance to show allegiance with Spanish speakers who chant the country s initials with a heavy accent. So, really, Lindell would like everyone to know that he s not anti-Semitic, but rather just a good old fashioned racist.And while Trump campaign manager KellyAnne Conway says Lindell s speech does not reflect the campaign s values, a visit to any Trump rally with show you otherwise.Donald Trump has built his entire campaign around racism, Islamophobia, misogyny and xenophobic demagoguery. It s not really surprising to hear this sort of speech coming from the crowd. Not surprising in the least.Featured image via video screen capture",0
3980, Trump Fan Openly Admits To Planning ‘Assassination On’ Hillary ‘If She’s Elected’ (IMAGES),"Donald Trump supporters casually talk to reporters while threatening to murder Hillary Clinton if she s elected. With Donald s  rigged election  rhetoric, threats have increased. His cult-like supporters follow his lead, believing the insane remarks the  billionaire  candidate makes. Even the Republican Governor of Kentucky warned in October that there could be bloodshed if Hillary Clinton is elected.DeRay Mckesson shared a video on Twitter of a Trump supporter telling CNN,  Hillary needs to be taken out. If she gets into power, I ll do everything in my power to take her out of power, which, if I have to be a patriot, I will. The reporter asked the man to clarify what he meant.  Take it any way you wanna take it,  he said.Tyler Holmes, 25, of Mississippi, made an assassination threat on Facebook in which he calls another person an  idiot  for supporting Hillary Clinton. He continues to say,  I m only 25 but I do know how crooked the bitch is and I will plan an assassination on her if she s elected. He casually adds,  Thanks have a great day with the rest of the idiots. #Trump. Tyler thinks he s a real patriot, too.Tyler blocked me on Facebook and locked his page down so I can t read his page. What I do know is that he listed his employer, and then changed that. Apparently, Tyler is no longer employed at the company he initially stated he was working for. He does have a girlfriend or a wife. We wonder if she realizes the can of worms he just opened. The Secret Service takes threats such as his very seriously. It doesn t matter who the candidate is. It s their job to protect candidates from the left and the right. This isn t a game. This is supposed to be a democracy.Homeland Security and the Secret Service have been tagged on Twitter about the latest threat to assassinate Hillary Clinton.A Trump supporter says he's going to assassinate Hillary Clinton. Plz pay him a visit @DHSgov @SecretService #ImWithHer #GoHillary pic.twitter.com/7SZI2Z552U  Commander Nasty (@Anomaly100) November 2, 2016Trump supporters are finally realizing that their candidate will likely lose the election, so threats are pouring in because they re afraid of a girl. Deal with it, Deplorables.Featured image via Facebook",0
3981," Bill Clinton LOSES IT, Goes Off On Heckler Insulting Obamacare (VIDEO)","Former President Bill Clinton has been known to put hecklers in their place before, and he did it again on Tuesday when someone dared to diss Obamacare at a Florida rally.The heckler was seen shouting at Clinton for his previous remarks, in which the protester claimed he had called Obamacare the  craziest thing in the world.  This rubbed Clinton the wrong way, and he was noticeably irritated with the accusation as he responded to the accuser. Clinton fired back, completely shutting down the claim that he d want to repeal President Barack Obama s health care law: What are you asking? That is not at all what I said. Oh really? Go read it. Go read it. And don t read it on the internet, don t read it on the internet, get the whole thing. First, I campaigned hard for that law. Second, I risked losing the Congress to pass universal health care. Thirdly, I defended President Obama in 2010 and 2012 and he went up 5 points in the polls after I defended what he did with health care. Clinton had far more to say though, and it seemed like the heckler had opened up the floodgates. The former president went on to say that what is REALLY crazy is the Republicans who have actively tried to stop reforms in America s health care system. He continued to clarify: We shouldn t be in denial, the president said the same thing. I didn t say a thing that the president hadn t already said, or that the health care people in his administration hadn t already said in his administration. This protester had merely been piggy-backing off of the comments that Republican nominee Donald Trump had seized upon. Trump tried to twist Clinton s words as proof that Obamacare was awful and needed to be repealed when he said: President Bill Clinton came out and told the truth about Obamacare. He s absolutely trashed President Obama s signature legislation. Remember, Hillary Clinton called Obamacare one of the greatest accomplishments of President Obama, of the Democratic Party and of our country. Give me a break. Clinton has denied that he was criticizing Obamacare, and this confrontation with a heckler sets the record straight:Featured image via Steve Pope / Getty Images",0
3982," Trump Agriculture Advisor Has A New Nickname For Clinton, And It’s Worse Than Trump’s (SCREENSHOTS)","Donald Trump has his cute little nickname for  Crooked Hillary  Clinton, but soon-to-be former Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller seems to have one-upped him in terms of douchebaggery. On Tuesday, Miller tweeted a Pennsylvania poll showing Clinton down a point   or, as he lovingly called her,  Cunt. Go Trump go,  the deplorable-escaped-from-the-basket proudly declared to punctuate his awful tweet.Texas ag commissioner Sid Miller just called Hillary Clinton the c word. #txlege pic.twitter.com/zkxsEo5FeI  Edgar Walters (@ewaltersTX) November 1, 2016As people began to retweet this bit of awfulness, the elected official and member of Trump s agricultural advisory committee quickly removed the tweet. Rather than take personal responsibility, Miller claimed his account was hacked. Tweeted from the same account he was clearly in possession of, Miller tweeted  @MillerForTexas HAS BEEN HACKED. The disgusting re-tweet has been removed and we have changed all account passwords. Be advised. When they realized that this was not a  retweet  that was deleted, and the lie would otherwise not work, Miller removed that claim and replaced it with another. Forgetting again that this was not a retweet, Miller again claimed it was a  retweet  a staffer made.The text seems to have originally appeared on noted white supremacist Twitter account @TheRickyVaughn, with the exception of  Go Trump Go  which was added by Miller, the staffer, or whomever. In other words, the person who tweeted it had time to read the tweet and add to it, so it was well known what was posted. They found some interesting poll numbers that included some derogatory language that I would never use,  Miller said.  When I found out about that, I told them to take it down immediately. When confronted with the fact that this was clearly not a retweet, Miller was full of excuses that simply do not work.  I can assure you I did not post that,  he said.  Maybe the staffers took a screen shot and posted that. It was not a screenshot either. I m sorry to anybody out there,  he said.  That s not something I would condone or knowingly do. Just last week, though, while condemning Clinton for not always posting her own words on social media, he was firm that the tweets on his account were absolutely his own thoughts and the words his own   meaning he took credit for this tweet in advance.Miller and millions like him will be voting on November 8. Make sure you re out there too.Featured image via screengrab",0
3983, Dakota Access Pipeline Protest Fund Asks For Only $5K But Get MUCH More,"Efforts to stop protesters opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline have backfired spectacularly. Just last week, police in riot gear forcefully removed protesters from the area while the demonstrators were in a prayer circle. Crowdsourcing commenced on a GoFundMe page seeking $5,000 to help those camping in protest of the $3.8 billion pipeline.Instead, more than $1 million poured in on one GoFundMe page alone. Combined, $3 million has been raised for to help with legal costs, food and other supplies for protesters of the 1,200-mile pipeline. As of now, $1,302,643 has been raised and that figure keeps increasing each time the page is refreshed.CBS reports:It may also give protesters the ability to prolong their months-long encampments that have attracted thousands of supporters, as the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe pursues the fight in court.More than $200,000 was raised between Thursday and Friday alone. It still feels unreal sometimes because it is such an astronomical figure to me,  Ho Waste Wakiya Wicasa, the protester who set up the GoFundMe account said. The money goes as quickly as it comes, but without it having been as much as it is, we certainly wouldn t have been able to be as productive as we have been in the fight,  he added.So far, more than 400 people have been arrested and that number includes the roughly 140 protesters who were taken into custody on Thursday when officers used tear gas and fired bean bags to get the demonstrators off the private land recently acquired by Energy Transfer Partners. However, the tribe says that authorities are infringing on tribal sovereignty and failing to respect two treaties ratified by the federal government.Standing Rock Sioux Chairman David Archambault called for peace in a statement during  the standoff.  Remain peaceful and prayerful and don t react to law enforcement aggression,  he said.This week, the tribe asked the Department of Justice to open an investigation over local and state authorities violating civil rights. One hundred years from now   they re going to hear those songs. They re going to hear that memory of what happened here at this camp,  said Faith Spotted Eagle. The 68-year-old Native American says they are not protesters. They are  water protectors. The land is sacred and the water is, too.You can contribute to this important cause here.Photo by Alex Wong via Getty.",0
3984, Federal Judge Demands RNC Reveal Details Of Voter Intimidation Pact With Trump,"A federal judge has ordered the Republican National Committee to reveal the details of any pacts they may have made with Donald Trump s campaign to engage in  ballot security  efforts during next week s presidential election.U.S. District Court John Vazquez has given the RNC until 5 p.m. on Tuesday to lay out any plans they may have made with the Trump campaign to participate in what amounts to voter intimidation through practices that have been banned for decades. He has also ordered that the RNC explain exactly what Kellyanne Conway, Trump s campaign manager, meant when she said that the campaign is working with the RNC to  monitor precincts. According to Politico, the order comes  after the Democratic National Committee went to court last week to allege that the RNC was violating consent decrees from the 1980s settling a case alleging that GOP poll watchers sought to intimidate minority voters in a practice then known as  caging.   Under these agreements, poll watchers can be organized by the GOP, but they are prohibited from  any effort to intimidate voters as they enter a polling place or to challenge individual voters, except as part of a program approved in advance by the court. The RNC insists that they have not violated the agreement. They have pointed to a memo that was sent out reminding its personnel, national committee members and others about the consent decree and instructing them to keep their distance from any ballot security efforts. The memos tell RNC workers, officials and volunteers not to engage in poll watching efforts at all, not to take video or audio recordings at polling places and not to mention ballot fraud concerns on social media sites like Facebook and Twitter. But this isn t what Trump s supporters are being told by those at the top of their party s ticket. Like Conway, Mike Pence has indicated that the campaign is in cahoots with the RNC to ensure  ballot integrity  at the polls.During an August town hall meeting in Denver, Pence said,  the Trump Campaign and the Republican National Committee are working very, very closely with state governments and secretaries of state all over the country to ensure ballot integrity. Similarly, just last month, Conway said that the that the Trump campaign is  actively working with the national committee, the official party, and campaign lawyers to monitor precincts around the country. On Monday, it was announced that Democratic party leaders from four states had filed lawsuits against Donald Trump, his advisor Roger Stone, and the state Republican parties for conspiring to threaten, intimidate, and thereby prevent minority voters in urban neighborhoods from voting in the 2016 election. Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3985, Trump Threatened To Make The 13-Year-Old Girl He Raped Disappear And Kill Her Family: Witness,"In case you haven t heard, Donald Trump is due in federal court next month   just after he may be elected President   to answer charges that he raped a 13-year-old girl in 1994 and threatened to harm her and her family if she told anyone about it.The victim,  Jane Doe,  is seeking $75,000 in damages. The lawsuit was originally filed in California but was thrown out because the original complaint did not state any specific civil rights violations. She refiled in New York in June, dropping some of the harder-to-prove claims and replacing them with two new witnesses. Both witnesses claim they worked as  party planners  for Trump s pedophile friend Jeffrey Epstein, who threw them some cash to  attract adolescent women  to the billionaire s mansion.One witness says she lured Jane Doe to a party by promising her cash and modeling contracts   but instead the 13-year-old child was forced to have sex with Trump and Epstein, both of whom knew how young she was. I personally witnessed four sexual encounters that the Plaintiff was forced to have with Mr. Trump during this period, including the fourth of these encounters where Mr. Trump forcibly raped her despite her pleas to stop,  Tiffany Doe says, adding that she also witnessed Doe and a 12-year-old girl named  Maria  being forced to perform oral sex on Trump, with the 2016 GOP nominee physically abusing both children afterward   all of this as part of her job duties that required her to   personally witness and supervise encounters between the underage girls that Mr. Epstein hired and his guests. Both Trump and Epstein threatened to hurt Doe if she told anyone about the horrific assaults, with Trump adding a very Trump-like threat: I personally witnessed Defendant Trump telling the Plaintiff that she shouldn t ever say anything if she didn t want to disappear like the 12-year-old female Maria, and that he was capable of having her whole family killed. Epstein was convicted in 2008 of soliciting an underage girl for prostitution and served 13 months in prison   but Trump went on to find himself one goose-step away from being the leader of the free world.While this might seem unbelievable, Trump hasn t exactly hidden his lust for children over the years, going on about how hot Paris Hilton was when she was 12, creeping on underage models in their dressing rooms, and repeatedly talking about how much he wants to have sex with his daughter, Ivanka.You can read the allegations below:  Donald Trump & Jeffrey Epstein Rape Lawsuit and Affidavits by davidbix on ScribdFeatured image via Getty Images/win McNamee",0
3986, SNL’s Head Writer Knows What Would Have To Be In Hillary’s Emails For Her To Lose (IMAGE),"With the news that there may be some undiscovered emails that may or may not be pertinent to anything going on with Hillary Clinton, it only leaves many to speculate what might be in them.One person who is taking his best guess at what a damaging email may look like from Hillary comes from none other than Saturday Night Live co-head writer Chris Kelly. He reveals what he thinks could actually be revealed to make the election close, or worse yet, make Hillary lose.You ll notice a stunning similarity to Hillary s opposition as you read Kelly s best guess at an email: Dear Huma,Psst. Just wanted to let you know I think climate change is fake. Also, women should be punished for abortions. Plus, Mexicans are rapists and criminals, and Muslims (all of them) should be treated like terrorists. Oh, and get this: I haven t paid taxes in years. Like, almost no taxes at all. Alright, gotta run, Tim Kaine wants to chat about how conversion therapy is good. And when we re done, I m gonna grab him by the cock, which I m allowed to do  because I m famous.You re a 4 at best,HillaryP.S. What day do I have to be in court for my child rape thing again? Hillary's emails would literally have to say this for it to be a close call. pic.twitter.com/i46k3XeArh  Chris Kelly (@imchriskelly) October 31, 2016That s right, exactly word for word can be substituted in as exactly who Donald Trump and Mike Pence actually are. Scary, right? We re living in a nation where people would actually vote for people like that. And people are because apparently people either agree with those sentiments or don t care.Now, if Hillary were to actually have written those things, she would undoubtedly be condemned for all eternity. However, Trump? Nope. He still has support even though he shouldn t.This satirical email and sentiment would be funny if it weren t so damn true, because if Hillary were even half as bad as Trump, she wouldn t stand a chance.Vote blue on November 8th like your life depends on it, because it just may.Featured Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images",0
3987, Even Trump-Supporting GOPers Are Railing Against Comey For Influencing The Election,"James Comey, the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, is in hot water for sending a vague letter about some emails that were found on Anthony Weiner s computer, which he linked to Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton after saying months ago that the matter of Hillary s private server was resolved. While it could be expected that Democrats would be furious that Comey would do such a thing just 11 days before what is easily the hottest national election cycle in recent memory, Comey is getting pushback from unexpected sources as well: Republicans.Judiciary Chair Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) had harsh words for Comey, saying in part, via a letter: Unfortunately, your letter failed to give Congress and the American people enough context to evaluate the significance or full meaning of this development. Without additional context, your disclosure is not fair to Congress, the American people, or Secretary Clinton. Grassley, of course, is far from the only person of influence who is troubled by Comey s actions. Despite his reputation as a man of integrity, people on both sides of the aisle regard Friday s letter as a grave mistake. Grassley s letter continued: In the absence of additional, authoritative information from the FBI in the wake of your vague disclosure, Congress and the American people are left to sift through anonymous leaks from Justice Department officials to the press of varying levels of detail, reliability, and consistency. The American people deserve better than that. Grassley is right. The only possible connection those emails have to Hillary Clinton is the fact that the computer they were found on was shared by her longtime aide, Huma Abedin, who, of course, is the estranged wife of Anthony Weiner. Weiner, of course, is the disgraced former Congressman being investigated for allegedly sexting with a minor. So, in other words, nothing to see here folks.Perhaps most startling of all was a tweet from former Congressman Joe Walsh, who is now a right-wing radio host known for being an avid Trump supporter and is no stranger to controversy, including social media posts that could be interpreted as calls to violence. Even Walsh, however, had to admit that what Comey did was flat-out wrong:Hillary is corrupt as hell, but the FBI Dir has no right to mess with an election.He goes public cuz of emails no one has seen? Just wrong  Joe Walsh (@WalshFreedom) October 31, 2016At the end of the day, the integrity of our elections are the bedrock of our democracy. That should ALWAYS supersede politics. If Director Comey cannot understand and abide by that principle, he should resign immediately.Featured image via Win McNamee/Getty Images",0
3988," Was Trump’s Tax Evasion Perfectly Legal, As He Claims? His Own Tax Lawyers Say Probably Not","Trump has repeatedly said that all the ways he avoided paying taxes was legal, and has even shown his ignorance about how our government works to paint Hillary as incompetent because she didn t single-handedly change these laws during her time in the Senate. However, while he was busy avoiding taxes in the 1990s, his own lawyers warned him against doing, well, exactly what he did.A new report in The New York Times explains that, order to avoid total financial ruin, Trump didn t report hundreds of millions that was technically income. He didn t just not report it, though   the IRS would have seen through that immediately. Instead, his first step to avoiding taxes was successfully pushing his various bondholders to cancel the hundreds of millions he owed them.To the IRS, a dollar of canceled debt is a dollar of taxable income. That could have crippled the self-proclaimed master of debt and taxes about as badly as all that debt he couldn t pay. So what did he do? He used what s called a  stock-for-debt  swap maneuver.Except Congress banned that practice for corporations in 1993. However, Trump s real estate holdings in Atlantic City the ones that were all in trouble weren t corporations. They were partnerships. So he thought he could still swap what s called  partnership equity  for his debt.Apparently, this works even if the stocks, or, in Trump s case, the equities, are worth considerably less than the canceled debt. The Times says that this is as close as anyone can get to making taxes just magically disappear.But legally, this is fraught with its own problems and Trump s own lawyers actually warned him against doing it. He asked his tax attorneys for formal opinion letters on his plan, which all came back saying: The letters bluntly warned that there was no statute, regulation or judicial opinion that explicitly permitted Mr. Trump s tax gambit.  Due to the lack of definitive judicial or administrative authority,  his lawyers wrote,  substantial uncertainties exist with respect to many of the tax consequences of the plan.' In other words, they felt that his scheme wouldn t stand up to IRS scrutiny. We don t know if the IRS went after him for this because nobody has the whole story. However, from what we do have, tax expert and former chief tax council for the House Ways and Means Committee, John L. Buckley, was able to say: He s getting something for absolutely nothing. Buckley also said: He deducted somebody else s losses. He is double dipping big time. Buckley means that the only people who should have been able to deduct those losses were the bondholders who canceled his debts, and thus, lost out on their investments.This could be one of the bombshells he s hiding in his tax returns. Since all of this involved partnerships, profits could go straight to his personal returns, as could other items. With Trump refusing to release those, though, we don t know just how badly he stretched the law, if not broke it altogether.This scheme quite possibly laid the groundwork for his massive $916 million loss in 1995, which may have allowed him to avoid paying taxes again for 20 years. In other words, not only has he possibly sailed along while Americans who earn an honest day s pay for an honest day s work dutifully paid their taxes, but he very likely broke the law in all his machinations here in a way that the regular Americans he claims to understand would never get away with (hell, we wouldn t even know where to start, most likely).Oddly enough, using partnership equity swaps to avoid taxes was banned by Congress in 2004. Among the Senators who voted to close that loophole was Hillary Clinton.Featured image by Brian Blanco via Getty Images",0
3989, Veteran Spy: Trump Trading Secret Info With Russians,"The connection between Donald Trump s presidential campaign and Vladimir Putin s government in Russia has been denied by the Republican nominee repeatedly. Despite praising him and at times defending his actions (like the annexation of Ukraine), Trump has rejected reporting and accusations linking him to the Russian strongman.But a new report from Mother Jones appears to shed new light on the Trump-Russia connection.In June, the former Western intelligence officer who spent almost two decades on Russian intelligence matters and who now works with a US firm that gathers information on Russia for corporate clients was assigned the task of researching Trump s dealings in Russia and elsewhere, according to the former spy and his associates in this American firm. This was for an opposition research project originally financed by a Republican client critical of the celebrity mogul. (Before the former spy was retained, the project s financing switched to a client allied with Democrats.)  It started off as a fairly general inquiry,  says the former spook, who asks not to be identified. But when he dug into Trump, he notes, he came across troubling information indicating connections between Trump and the Russian government. According to his sources, he says,  there was an established exchange of information between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin of mutual benefit. The spy tells the magazine that the Trump-Putin exchange is  an extraordinary situation. According to the report (reviewed by Mother Jones):  Russian regime has been cultivating, supporting and assisting TRUMP for at least 5 years. Aim, endorsed by PUTIN, has been to encourage splits and divisions in western alliance. Trump s former manager Paul Manafort is currently the subject of an FBI inquiry, probing his connection to foreign governments associated with Putin. Manafort, a Republican fixer, worked on behalf of pro-Putin government forces while in Ukraine.At the same time as these connections have been uncovered and probe, Russian media has been amplifying revelations found in the email hack of Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta that have been published via WikiLeaks.U.S. intelligence agencies have tracked those hacking attacks back to Russian forces as well.Many roads in this election are leading to Russia.Featured image via Flickr",0
3990, The Cast Of ‘Will & Grace’ Just SHREDDED Trump In HILARIOUS Musical Spoof (VIDEO),"By now we ve all heard about or seen the cast of Will & Grace get back together to make sure everyone votes for Hillary Clinton in a reboot of the hit show titled  Vote Honey. Well, they re back at it again.According to NewNowNext: Eric McCormack, Megan Mullally, Debra Messing and Sean Hayes reunited for the event which took place at the home of Michael Lombardo and Sonny Ward and featured the former co-stars singing a musical number about their love for Clinton and how Donald Trump  is the worst. The group did a remake of  Officer Krupke  from  West Side Story  written by the amazing Randy Rainbow.Here are a few tweets from Debra Messing showing the old gang back together:Our Album cover @EricMcCormack @SeanHayes @MeganOMullally #Hillary #we'reAllin #LAreunion pic.twitter.com/hbQW1UVSFJ  Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) October 28, 2016My sista @MeganOMullally and I right before we sang a campaign parody to ""Officer Krupke"" written by the divine @Randyrainbow ??? pic.twitter.com/4SC6vtu80C  Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) October 29, 2016Hellooooooooooooooooo! The gangs having kicks in LA tonight! #WereWithHer ' pic.twitter.com/YLQJshepZi  Debra Messing (@DebraMessing) October 28, 2016It s beyond obvious that the four performers want Hillary Clinton to win and Donald Trump to most definitely lose.With lines like: Cause Donald Trump s the freaking worst. And: The trouble is he s racist (wrong) The trouble is he s unfair (wrong) The trouble is he s tasteless (wrong) The trouble is his hair (wrong) We don t know how he got here Can t wait til he is gone Hope he doesn t sue us for this song Ending with: Hillary Clinton, we re with you! The entire performance is beyond amazing, and definitely hilarious.Watch the hilarity go down here:Featured image via Twitter",0
3991," After Telling 37 Lies In One Day, Trump Calls Fact Checkers ‘Scum’ (VIDEO)","Donald Trump is a serial liar and that probably explains his dislike for fact-checkers. Donald has viciously targeted the media and his supporters respond by frequently referring to reporters as the  enemy.   While giving a speech at an airport in Sanford, Florida, Trump went after fact-checkers. These fact-checkers, they ll check facts with me and I m like, like, 99-per-cent right, and they ll say,  And therefore he lied,    Trump said.  Oh boy, these people are bad. What a group of people we have. What a group of dishonest scum we have, I m telling you. He literally called fact-checkers  scum. Daniel Dale, a Washington correspondent for the Toronto Star, fact checks Donald and the paper produces a list almost daily of Trump s lies.Dale noted on Twitter that Trump  said 35 false things yesterday. Donald Trump said 35 false things yesterday. #TrumpCheck pic.twitter.com/EwfYFEDFx9  Daniel Dale (@ddale8) October 26, 2016His following tweet reads,  Donald Trump s 35 false claims on Tuesday follows his record-tying 37 false claims on Monday. Donald Trump s 35 false claims on Tuesday follows his record-tying 37 false claims on Monday.  Daniel Dale (@ddale8) October 26, 2016The day before Trump s speech in which he blasted fact-checkers,  the Star counted 37 false claims from the GOP presidential nominee.That tied the record he set at the third and final presidential debate, which he claimed every poll showed him winning, which was, of course, not at all true.The paper admits that  there are grains of truth in some of his false claims  but  most are flat wrong. The list includes Trump s regurgitated rhetoric on Hillary Clinton s emails. Trump claimed the deletion of emails was such an expensive process,  however, a free software program was used.He said  nobody  has asked her running mate, Tim Kaine, about comments her aides made about Catholics in hacked emails, though Kaine has been asked on national television. He bragged, for at least the second time, that he had won 42 states in the Republican primary, though it was 36 states.Watch: There is a massive imbalance in the frequency of dishonesty.  @DDale8 says Trump lies a lot more than Clinton https://t.co/Kp6KvPNtmO  Reliable Sources (@ReliableSources) October 30, 2016The paper fact-checked the three presidential debates.  Trump said 104 false things. In contrast, Clinton said 13. You have a candidate who is frequently saying 20 false things in a day, up to 37 on some days,  Dale said.At the rally in Florida, Trump called journalists  a bunch of phony low-lifes.  Trump s assault on the First Amendment has been vicious. In August, Trump pointed at MSNBC s Katy Tur. What a lie. Katy Tur. What a lie it was,  Trump said, pointing at her from the stage.  Third. Rate. Reporter. Remember that. After that, the Secret Service had to escort her to her car. And now it s fact-checkers who are being targeted.Photo by Chip Somodevilla via Getty.",0
3992, Democrats In Four States Are Now SUING Trump For Voter Intimidation,"Democratic party leaders from four states have officially filed federal lawsuits against Donald Trump and his advisor Roger Stone, as well as the state Republican parties for conspiring to threaten, intimidate, and thereby prevent minority voters in urban neighborhoods from voting in the 2016 election. The lawsuits, which have been filed in Arizona, Nevada, Ohio, and Pennsylvania, were spearheaded by Marc Elias, who is the general counsel for Hillary Clinton s campaign. The suits request a federal judge to step in and prevent the defendants from activities such as monitoring polls and verbally harassing voters.The suit against Trump, Stone, and the Nevada Republican Party, which was filed by the Nevada Democratic Party, quotes an unnamed Trump official who said, [w]e have three major voter suppression operations under way.  This, says the suit, is proof of their intentions.The complaint also says: Trump s supporters have responded with pledges to descend upon polling places in  certain areas  where many minority voters live in order to interfere with their efforts to exercise the franchise Immediate relief is necessary. There are only 8 days left until Election Day, and early in-person voting in Nevada is well underway. Trump s calls for unlawful intimidation have grown louder and louder, and the conspiracy to harass and threaten voters on Election Day has already resulted in numerous acts that threaten to interfere with the voting rights of registered Nevada voters. Stop the Steal, a super PAC formed by Stone, is also named in the suit. According to the lawsuits, Stone has a history of engaging in voter intimidation, racist and misogynist hate speech, and incitement to violence. The complaint further states that Trump has repeatedly spread  misinformation  about voter fraud by claiming that the election is rigged against him. An example of this is October 20 when Trump told a crowd gathered at a rally in Delaware, Ohio that Clinton is  truly capable of anything, including voter fraud. The lawsuit also states that Trump, Stone, and the local Republican parties have blatantly violated both the Voting Rights Act and the Klu Klux Klan Act.Featured image via Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images",0
3993, Kellyanne Conway Laughs Off Trump’s Pending Child Rape Case Because Hillary Sent Some Emails (VIDEO),"Can we all finally agree that Donald Trump s campaign is just ridiculous at this point? On Monday, Kellyanne Conway showed up on CNBC to do what she does best: embarrass the human race with her stupidity.Apparently satisfied with Trump s ability to latch on to the next-to-no information referenced by FBI Director Comey s unethical, unprecedented, and likely illegal letter to Republicans. Comey hasn t reviewed the emails discovered on a computer owned by renowned pervert and husband to unfortunate Clinton aide Huma Abedin,  Anthony Weiner, who is currently being  investigated for allegedly sexting a 15-year-old girl.The emails likely contain nothing new and have likely already been disclosed, but the Right is in the midst of a feeding frenzy over the non-information contained in the letter, declaring that the investigation into Clinton s emails had been reopened and ramping up the  criminal  rhetoric.Conway condemned Clinton s suggestion that all the emails be released to the public   in other words, an effort to fully inform the public   as she called the Clinton campaign  sneaky  for demanding the facts be released. Just ask Huma what s on there, just ask Anthony Weiner what s on there,  she said during the interview.  They are now trying to politicize the FBI.  Conway accused Clinton of  encouraging  supporters to boo Comey, who has such a reaction coming for his unethical behavior in the eyes of pretty much anyone who doesn t consider red trucker hats fashionable. It s a very dangerous precedent to have somebody that was secretary of state, first lady, U.S. senator, wants to be president of the United States and be commander-in-chief encouraging people to boo,  she said, apparently forgetting a time not so long ago when Trump and his illiterate, inbred fans also booed the FBI (and Comey specifically). And where are we now?  Conway said after host Andrew Ross Sorkin pointed out that Trump has called for Clinton s imprisonment multiple times.  She is going to be in her second FBI investigation. One FBI investigation, let alone two, do we think this is normal? I think people have been asking the right questions about the wrong candidate. Who s really unqualified? Who s unfit to be president? Who has shown what they would do with their national security information? Who has shown it s always about her and her petty peevish political self? Then Sorkin struck a nerve by stating facts   namely that Trump has been named in a rather damning child rape lawsuit that is due to start in December. The girl in question is 13   just one year older than Paris Hilton when Trump says she was hot and two years younger than the models he used to creep on in their dressing rooms. My understanding is that no matter who wins, we re going to be dealing with the email issue after this if she s the president,  Sorkin told Conway.  If Donald Trump is the president, he s got the child rape case that s going to happen that was just given a date. Naturally, Conway snorted and attempted to deflect, calling any question about the child rape case exactly as legitimate as questions about Trump s taxes, which he has not released: Oh, come on, that you would analogize the two. Give me a break,  she seethed. Next you are going to ask me where his taxes are. That s a whole separate issue, but we re going to have legal cases for each candidate,  Sorkin countered. But to Conway, a little child rape is unimportant when Hillary sent some emails and Anthony Weiner is a bit pervy, too: That s such a ridiculous conflation. To just throw the rape word in there when we ve got 650,000 emails based on an active investigation of Huma Abedin s pedophilia husband because he s sexting pictures of himself to some 15-year-old girl in North Carolina, I think that s just ridiculous. Don t worry though   Conway s pervert is going to Make America Great again by building a wall to keep brown people out, banning and rounding up members of religions he doesn t like, and attempting to resist banging his daughter like he has said he wants to do for all these years   starting at around the time he said Paris Hilton was hot when she was 12.Watch the segment below:Featured image via screengrab",0
3994, Donald Trump’s Own Email Scandal Actually Broke The Law And He Should Be In JAIL,"This is hypocrisy of the highest order and proves that Donald Trump would only make a mockery of our government institutions if he became president.The Republican nominee has made Hillary Clinton s emails one of his central campaign talking points, much to the delight of his rally crowds who chant  lock her up  at every opportunity because they think she somehow broke the law even though it has been determined by law enforcement that she has not.Trump has called Hillary s email circus  worse than Watergate,  which has drawn sharp criticism from anyone with a fully functioning brain, including former Watergate prosecutor Nick Akerman, who called the comparison absurd.As it turns out, Donald Trump has his own email scandal that really did break the law.According to Newsweek,  Trump s companies have systematically destroyed or hidden thousands of emails, digital records and paper documents demanded in official proceedings, often in defiance of court orders  since 1973 when he and his father fought the federal government after they got caught discriminating against African-Americans when it came to housing.Again, we are talking about thousands of emails and documents that multiple judges ordered Trump and his companies to provide to the court. Yet Trump flouted the orders and had the evidence destroyed rather than produce something in court that might help his opponent win the case.This is what is known as  spoliation of evidence  which  is the intentional, reckless, or negligent withholding, hiding, altering, fabricating, or destroying of evidence relevant to a legal proceeding. Such actions are a criminal act and are punishable by a fine or imprisonment.As many times as Trump has committed these acts, he should have been behind bars by now. And he certainly should not be allowed to be president, because it s clear that Trump has no problem ordering his employees to break the law and would most definitely run one of the most secretive administrations in American history. Transparency would no longer exist because Trump hides anything that could hurt him.He has already demonstrated this behavior on the campaign trail by refusing to release his tax returns and his medical records, and now we know that Trump regularly destroys documents and email evidence despite such evidence being ordered provided by a court of law.Hillary Clinton s emails were a one-time mistake that other former Secretaries of State have made, including Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice, both of whom are Republicans who served in Republican administrations. Nobody made a fuss when they used private servers, yet Trump and his rabid fans are whining about Hillary doing the same thing. If anything, Hillary Clinton is way more transparent than Trump has ever been. She didn t permanently delete the emails. They have all been recovered, which means there wasn t an actual effort to nefariously hide anything. Furthermore, she has released her medical records and tax returns. And she has never destroyed evidence in defiance of a court order.So while Trump s supporters are chanting  lock her up,  it s actually Donald Trump who should be in prison right now.Featured Image: Spencer Platt/Getty Images",0
3995, Robert Reich’s Conversation With A Fmr. GOP Rep. Exposes Just How Much Of A Fascist Trump Is,"Robert Reich is one of the most respected voices in politics. He also has many friends who are current and former elected officials. He recently posted a most disturbing conversation he had with a friend who just happens to be a former GOP congressman on Facebook, and it exposes just how crazy the Donald Trump phenomenon is, and how much control Trump and his crazy supporters have over the Republican Party. Here is the transcript of that post:Yesterday I spoke with a former Republican member of Congress whom I ve known for years.Me: What do you think of your party s nominee for president?He: Trump is a maniac. He s a clear and present danger to America.Me: Have you said publicly that you won t vote for him?He (sheepishly): No.Me: Why not?He: I m a coward.Me: What do you mean?He: I live in a state with a lot of Trump voters. Most Republican officials do.Me: But you re a former official. You re not running for Congress again. What are you afraid of?He: I hate to admit it, but I m afraid of them. Some of those Trumpistas are out of their fu*king minds.Me: You mean you re afraid for your own physical safety?He: All it takes is one of them, you know.Me: Wait a minute. Isn t this how dictators and fascists have come to power in other nations? Respected leaders don t dare take a stand.He: At least I m no Giuliani or Gingrich or Pence. I m not a Trump enabler.Me: I ll give you that.He: Let me tell you something. Most current and former Republican members of Congress are exactly like me. I talk with them. They think Trump is deplorable. And they think Giuliani and Gingrich are almost as bad. But they re not gonna speak out. Some don t want to end their political careers. Most don t want to risk their lives. The Trump crowd is just too dangerous. Trump has whipped them up into a g*ddamn frenzy.And here is the embed:This is what has happened to one of America s two major political parties. They have propped up a literal fascist and are currently doing all they can to put him in the Oval Office and give him control of the most dangerous nuclear arsenal in the world. That is frighteningly, chillingly irresponsible. If we all die, you know who to thank.These people are cowards, and you cannot be a leader and a coward at the same time. They have no leadership skills. Part of being a good leader is doing the right thing when it counts, and it s clear that the current GOP leadership is incapable of doing that.All I can hope is that the entire GOP is just like Reich s friend   and when they enter the privacy of the voting booth, they vote to save the world from that lunatic that somehow rose to the top of the GOP presidential ticket, rather than voting to save their own political hides.Featured image via Joe Raedle/Getty Images",0
3996, Ohio Democratic Headquarters Vandalized With Literal Load Of Sh*t (TWEET),"This has been one nasty election year. First, a North Carolina GOP office was firebombed. Luckily, no one was hurt. Now, another swing state, Ohio, has seen vandalism   but this time the other side of the aisle was the target. A truckload of manure was dumped right out front at the Warren County Democratic Party headquarters. Here is the tweet showing the damage:When they dump manure, we go high! One of our best performing offices, generating strong D early vote. Lesson: keep organizing while they bs pic.twitter.com/0pbrUEPG1O  David Pepper (@DavidPepper) October 29, 2016The Country Party Chair, Bethe Goldenfield, said the following: I won t be responding to anyone who thinks this is acceptable behavior. It is ILLEGAL! That it is. Yes, this has been an exceptionally nasty election cycle. Most people are wishing it was over. In the meantime, it seems that some people are taking their frustrations with everything out on each other. That isn t the way, though, folks. Whether you re a Republican or a Democrat, violence and vandalism is not the answer. Whomever is responsible, please stop.Featured image via Public Domain",0
3997, ‘Christians’ Create Grisly Haunted House Claiming Pulse Nightclub Victims Got What They Deserved,"Chicago doesn t tend to be one of the cities one thinks of when one thinks of the religious right. Unfortunately, they do exist here, and some of them decided to do something unspeakably disgusting and cruel for Halloween. Calling themselves  Christians,  which they aren t, they put together a haunted house with 10 rooms   one of which showed the mass shooting at the Pulse Nightclub in Orlando.Pulse was a club frequented by the LGBTQ community, and there are many on the religious right who seem to think that the victims of that horror simply got what was coming to them. The so-called  Christians  who put this atrocity together called it,  THE ROOM: A JOURNEY TO HELL. What s the implication there? It s pretty clear. In each of the 10 rooms were scenes in which people supposedly made choices that would send them to hell. The inclusion of the Pulse shooting indicates that the group who put this together believes that the clubgoers who were brutally murdered that night went to hell due to their  choice  of living the  homosexual lifestyle. Ergo, getting murdered was what they deserved for willfully committing that sin.The haunted house was to happen at Fernwood Elementary School, which is part of Chicago Public Schools. An elementary school is not an appropriate venue for anything like this, even though children under 13 were supposedly prohibited from going through it. CPS very wisely decided not to allow the haunted house at all, according to the Windy City Times, and a spokesperson for CPS said: The event organizers mischaracterized the true content of the event, and we did not approve any association with the activities the organizers have now advertised. The event will not be held on CPS property. Because of course they did.The event organizers posted an ad on Facebook asking for volunteers for the event, and the event has now been banned there, too, as well it should be. This is Christian extremism run amok, and there is no place for this kind of gruesome hatred in our society.Featured image by Gerardo Mora via Getty Images",0
3998, Harry Reid TORCHES FBI Director Comey: ‘I Believed You To Be Principled. I Now See I Was Wrong’,"Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) wrote a letter to James Comey on Sunday where he lambasted the FBI director for releasing information relating to investigating a presidential candidate just 11 days before an election. Comey has said he was obligated to tell Congress that he d found more emails, but the law may say otherwise.The Hatch Act, which prevents ICE from endorsing Donald Trump despite his repeated claims, also bars government officials from using their positions to influence the outcome of an election. Comey s, ahem, poorly timed revelation could, in fact, be seen as using his position as director of the FBI to influence this election. Reid said, point blank: I am writing to inform you that my office has determined that these actions may violate the Hatch Act. Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law. New @SenatorReid letter to James Comey re: Hatch Act:  Through your partisan actions, you may have broken the law.  pic.twitter.com/MplVLQxgdi  Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) October 30, 2016Now, Comey could always reiterate that he was only doing what he promised Congress he would do. However, given that he s a Republican, he could be up to any number of things. It could be as innocent as that. Or perhaps he thinks he can restore some of his standing among his party, which took a hit after he said he wasn t filing charges against Hillary.He could also be responding to all the squeaky wheels in Congress who are bitching up one side and down the other that Hillary is guilty, is a threat to national security and is therefore unqualified to be President; and screaming and crying about Comey not doing his job.But it s the last part of Reid s letter that will really hit Comey where it hurts. Congressional Republicans tried to filibuster his nomination away, and Reid stood up for him. Reid said: Please keep in mind that I have been a supporter of yours in the past. When Republicans filibustered your nomination and delayed your confirmation longer than any previous nominee to your position, I led the fight to get you confirmed because I believed you to be a principled public servant.With deepest regret, I now see that I was wrong. The last line of @senatorreid s letter to James Comey is amazing. ? pic.twitter.com/pdzEKZZCye  Sahil Kapur (@sahilkapur) October 30, 2016Ouch. Just ouch. Comey has really done a number on himself with this.Image of Harry Reid by Alex Wong, image of James Comey by Chip Somodevilla. Images merged by Rika Christensen",0
3999, WATCH: Mark Cuban Informs Fox Host That Media Would Cover Trump Better If He Would Just Shut Up,"When a Fox News host tried to whine about the way the media has been covering Donald Trump, Mark Cuban dropped a truth bomb on him.Throughout this campaign, the Republican nominee has said increasingly more bombastic statements. In fact, Trump s rhetoric and behavior are totally unprecedented, which is why the media is covering him the way they do.But Trump has repeatedly complained about the media covering the things he has said and done, which is why he has been blaming them for his low poll numbers and is accusing them of rigging the election against him.And Fox host Howard Kurtz tried to push the Trump line on Sunday, only to be derailed by real billionaire Mark Cuban. The media coverage of Trump in the last couple of months has been overwhelmingly negative,  Kurtz whined. But Cuban was quick to point out that Donald Trump only has himself to blame for the way the media covers him. Well, that s of his own making, isn t it? If you re going to say the things that he says, and if you re going to make the flippant comments that he makes, you re going to get covered. I mean, all he had to do was shut up nine out of ten times and the coverage would be distinctly different. That s just not something he s capable of doing. Cuban is exactly right. Donald Trump did this to himself by simply opening his mouth and saying and doing things that he shouldn t. He just doesn t want to take responsibility for his words and behavior so he is making the media his scapegoat and his supporters believe him.When Kurtz complained that the media is hostile towards Trump, Cuban once again informed the Fox host Trump knew what he was getting into when he threw his hat into the presidential arena. Look, on the way up, he was happy to ride the train, right? He bragged about media coverage, he was excited about it, he loved the live coverage of the primaries and early on the presidential race. It s a two-edged sword, you know that. So if you re going to love it on the way up, you got to learn to deal with it. Here s the video via YouTube.Once again, Mark Cuban is spot on. Donald Trump has seen a lot of presidential elections in his lifetime so he should know that media coverage of presidential candidates is intense. And Howard Kurtz should know that the primary job of the media is to cover the candidates because that s what journalism is all about. It s not that the media s coverage of Trump is negative, it s that Trump has made himself and his campaign negative from the start and he has made no effort to tone it down.So if Trump wants the media to start covering him differently, he ll have to change first. And that probably won t happen any time soon.Featured Image: Screenshot",0
4000, Internet Erupts In Mockery After Sarah Palin Posts Something Monumentally Stupid Again (TWEETS),"For like the eleventy-billionth time, Sarah Palin posted a broken link to a Facebook post on Twitter Sunday. Now, at first glance her months of posting dead links and not figuring out how to fix the problem might seem moderately stupid   until you see the content of the actual post on the half-term, half-wit former Governor of Alaska s Facebook timeline.Referencing Clinton s recent, mundane campaign stop at a bar, Palin   who regularly appears to be heavily intoxicated whenever she has a camera in front of her and was involved in a drunken hillbilly brawl in 2014   quipped,  she s gonna drive us all to drink. Thinking she is clever, she then adds that Clinton should have been  thinking Sam Adams  rather than  drinking Sam Adams. Naturally, as Palin brought up drinking, the internet decided it couldn t let this one go:@SarahPalinUSA I see you've already started  Clodagh Smith (@Clodagh831) October 30, 2016@SarahPalinUSA Any excuse to drink, eh Sarah? #Lush  John Yuma (@JohnYuma) October 30, 2016@SarahPalinUSA Have you been day drinking again?  Mr. Wolfcastle (@tew156) October 30, 2016@SarahPalinUSA oh Sarah, remember when you mattered?Me neither. Open another Box O' Wine.  jmsullivan (@Jfordhamusn) October 30, 2016@SarahPalinUSA have you been sober during your speaking engagements? I always thought you were drunk as a skunk.  Jeff Bender (@JeffBikeBender) October 30, 2016@SarahPalinUSAYour kid keeps shacking up with different dudes and Hillary's driving you to drink?  Hot Takes (@HotTakes1) October 30, 2016@SarahPalinUSA From what I've seen, You've been drinking non stop for YEARS!  Steve Derebey (@SDerebey) October 30, 2016Yes, as was heavily pointed out, we have been enjoying Palin s drunken rants for years. Unfortunately for her, she is so irrelevant that mockery is all she has warranted since she helped John McCain lose in 2008.You can enjoy one of her best drunken ravings below:Classic: Visibly Drunk Sarah Palin Fumbles Response to Elizabeth WarrenFeatured image via Getty Images (Darren Hauck)/screengrab",0
4001, Kellyanne Conway LOSES IT On Jake Tapper When He Calls Out Trump’s Bigoted Fans (VIDEO),"One thing that has continuously dogged the Donald Trump for president campaign is the fact that racists, anti-semites, xenophobes, misogynists, and various other bigots have stuck with the bombastic real estate mogul since he first launched his travesty of a campaign. No matter how much Trump s people try to say he doesn t want the support of such folks, the candidate himself refuses to take the fact that there is anything about the campaign he has been running that attracts these people seriously. So, naturally, when Trump s campaign manager Kellyanne Conway sat down with an interview with CNN s Jake Tapper on Sunday, that particular issue came up again. Of course, Conway was not happy. Tapper began: There are a lot of anti-Semites and racists and misogynists who support the Trump candidacy. Conway immediately went on defense, saying,  wow.  Tapper went on to reference a man who was shouting  JEW-S-A  at the press pen at a recent Trump rally, and directly asked Conway if she would refer to such people as  deplorable.  She responded: Yes, I would. Wow, I have to push back on some of the adjectives you just used to describe   I hope you ve been to Trump rallies and I hope that you ve seen the tens of thousands. I mean, he s had over half a million people easily, I think in excess of that. These are U.S.A.-loving Americans. Tapper went on to say that no, he isn t putting all Trump supporters into that camp, but went on to force Conway s hand on this one: But without question, people who are experts on hate groups say that there has been a comfort level that has been offered to people who are anti-Semitic that has been offered to people who are anti-Semitic and racists and on and on. And these people are comfortable coming out in the open and supporting Mr. Trump.Mr. Trump has refused to condemn in a very serious way his racist and anti-Semitic fans,  Tapper continued.  He just has. He says things like,  Oh, sure, I disavow, I disavow.  But he has never serious said,  I don t want the support of those people, they are reprehensible, they have nothing to do with me.  He has never seriously done it. Conway used the pushing to pivot back to the idea that the Trump campaign is winning, saying: I think this exchange is frankly the best piece of evidence I have that we re actually going to win in nine days because the idea that we re going to shift away from the pattern of corruption the cloud of ethical stain that Hillary Clinton would bring to the Oval Office in such an important week. No, Kellyanne, it s not a sign that Trump is winning. It s pointing something out that has been true since this whole fiasco began: That Donald Trump is a raging bigot, and he has been so openly. Dog whistles have turned into fog horns this election cycle, and it s all because of Donald Trump. He embraces these bigots because he s one of them. The quicker you learn that, the better.Watch the exchange below:[ad3media campaign= 1279 ]Featured image via video screen capture",0
4002, Trump Fans At Wisconsin Game Wear Obama Mask With Noose Attached (TWEETS),"There s no doubt that two men seated near the front row at Camp Randall Stadium in Madison, Wis., are not Hillary Clinton supporters, nor do they support America s first black president. One of the unidentified men wore a Barack Obama costume to Saturday s Nebraska vs. Wisconsin game which displayed a noose around the neck of the president. The other man was pulling the rope around Obama s neck.I can t imagine what it must be like for people of color who have this experience this disgusting amount of hate everyday. I feel sick pic.twitter.com/KmkxkWNcv3  ? (@woahohkatie) October 29, 2016Here s that image again:Employees at the Wisconsin arena ask the football fan to remove the display.The fan also toted a sign critical of presidential candidate Hillary Clinton. Although the writing on the sign was difficult to decipher in the tweet, judging by the costume we re guessing it wasn t too kind.The situation was brought to the attention of university police on Twitter, but the fan was not removed from the game. The university cited the fan s right to free speech. The Wisconsin police answered tweets from those upset by the costume. Each one said,  While we don t support the offensive image of a noose, its a form of free speech. Guest Svcs. asked them to remove it, they did. @mk_rodgers While we don t support the offensive image of a noose, its a form of free speech. Guest Svcs. asked them to remove it, they did.  UW-Madison Police (@UWMadisonPolice) October 30, 2016At some point, the men exited the arena, this time with one wearing a Donald Trump costume with a noose around Hillary Clinton s neck.It APPEARS the men were first asked to removed the Obama mask then asked to leave. This was their exit  pic.twitter.com/Xv1UxMOfaW  ? (@woahohkatie) October 30, 2016The University of Wisconsin released a statement:During the first half of this evening s Wisconsin football game against Nebraska, UW officials were made aware that an individual in the seating bowl had donned a highly insensitive and offensive costume. UW Athletics  guest services staff were dispatched to the individual s seating area where they asked him to remove the offensive components of the costume. He complied.UW Athletics  policy regarding admission into the stadium with a costume stipulates that no one may be wearing a mask upon entering the facility. Once inside, it is permissible to wear a mask. The costume, while repugnant AND COUNTER TO THE VALUES OF THE UNIVERSITY AND ATHLETIC DEPARTMENT, was an exercise of the individual s right to free speech. The university also exercised its rights by asking the individual to remove the offensive parts of the costume.UW-Madison is dedicated to promoting a campus environment where all people feel valued, safe and able to thrive. To that end, the university continues to encourage all of our community members to engage in discussion over vital issues in ways that promote greater understanding and respect for all persons.What s even more unnerving about the display would be the white people standing around the men seeing nothing wrong with their actions. This was at a football game, not a political event, not that either is acceptable for this sort of behavior.Earlier this month, a man featured a float in a parade displaying Donald Trump executing Hillary Clinton. The float displayed a Trump/Pence sign and a Make America Great Again sign, along with something to do with the Democratic presidential nominee s health.Trump supporters on Twitter are defending the football fans  deplorable behavior, but just as the Indiana man questioned Hillary s health, we should question the mental health of Donald s supporters.Only Trump supporters would find this behavior acceptable while disparaging Colin Kaepernick for his form of silently protesting racial inequality.Image via Twitter. ",0
4003, SHAME: Proof Trump Doesn’t Care About Military Veterans,"Donald Trump has often invoked the U.S. military and treatment of military veterans while he has campaigned as the Republican presidential nominee. But time and time again, when it comes to actions and deeds, Trump s behavior is that of someone who doesn t really care at all.The latest evidence of that comes from reporting on how he behaved while attacking the family of Captain Humayun Khan, the soldier who died protecting his unit in Iraq in 2004. Trump responded to the Khan family s speech during the Democratic Convention by attacking the family, but now we are learning just how ignorant Trump was while he was involved in this smear.New York Magazine s Gabriel Sherman reported on Saturday that when one adviser warned Trump he had just attacked a Gold Star family, the GOP nominee responded  what s that?  The term is commonly used to refer to any family that has lost a loved one in war. The United States has officially recognized these families since 1936.[ ]Sherman also reported that Paul Manafort, who was then Trump s campaign chairman, had to explain what  Gold Star family  meant.Reporting has shown that with Trump, the Republicans have nominated an extreme narcisst, who doesn t understand any more of the wider world than he has to contend with on a day-to-day basis. Trump neither cares nor does he have the curiosity to care, even if the welfare of soldiers is the issue.His staff has been reduced to being a series of sitters for a wealthy baby.Captain Khan s father, Khizr Khan, is still involved in the 2016 election. Within the last week, Mr. Khan was on the campaign trail speaking about and advocating on behalf of the candidate he believes in and who he trusts to defend Muslims, soldiers, and Muslim soldiers: Hillary Clinton.Featured image via Flickr",0
4004, Newt Gingrich Unwittingly Makes STARTLING Prediction For 2020 – Before This Election Even Happens,"Newt Gingrich, who s totally, utterly and completely up Trump s ass except for when he s not, claims to know who will be in the general election four years from now. Gingrich seriously thinks that there could be a Trump/Clinton rematch in 2020. No, seriously, that s what he thinks. The rationale he gave to Politico for that prediction is well beyond ridiculous: The challenge for everybody s going to be,  What if he gets 48 or 49 percent?  Gingrich said in a video interview for POLITICO s  Open Mike  series.  And what if he says:  You know, I like this campaign and stuff. I ain t leaving ? There will then be a Trump Party.' Har de har har, don t make us laugh too hard. It hurts.Trump might like the campaign stuff because it helps him promote his businesses, but whether the GOP even allows him to get very far in the process remains to be seen. That s especially true since oh, wait we haven t even had this election yet!Gingrich still thinks that the  odds are better than even  that Trump will win this election. Politico says that Gingrich was on  Open Mike  a few hours before FBI director James Comey released his vaguer-than-vague letter about new emails tied to Hillary, so that revelation must have made ol  Newt cream his shorts.Alas, though, the latest so-called scandal turned out to be nothing, much to the disappointment of all the Hillary-haters out there.Gingrich isn t exactly the best prognosticator the GOP has. He s spent a lot of time predicting that Hillary s numbers will fall, while Trump s will soar. Before anyone takes that seriously, remember that he also predicted that Mitt Romney would win in a landslide in 2012. Not exactly groundbreaking, breathtaking, accurate stuff here.Trump s numbers soaring, while Hillary s crash, hasn t happened. At this point, doesn t look like it s going to happen. 10 days out from an election means most voters even many of the undecided have figured out who they d rather see in the White House.Newt Gingrich is a fucking tool.Featured image by Chip Somodevilla via Getty Images",0
4005, Military Expert Vows To Take Trump Up On His Challenge,"Donald Trump, like any bully, loves to talk crap, but when his victim stands up to him, he always, every single time, backs down. While Trump is a bit beyond the age of schoolyard scuffles (don t tell him that), he does like to challenge people who are much smarter than him to intellectual  scuffles.  One such smart person is retired Col. Jeff McCausland, who is a military expert   one Trump thinks he can teach  a couple things.  McCausland says, bring it on. Trump won t.McCausland is a visiting professor of international security studies at Dickinson University. He s the former dean of the Army War College. He s also a retired army colonel, so, yes, he knows a thing or two about military strategy. He says Trump doesn t  know a damn thing  about it.Trump, when asked about it by George Stephanopoulos, couldn t leave well enough alone. Instead, Trump said about McCausland,  You can tell your military expert that I ll sit down and I ll teach him a couple of things. McCausland, on Dickenson University s website, had a response for Trump: I can t wait to sit down with Mr. Trump and hear what he has to teach me about military strategy. I m happy to compare my record of over 45 years working in national security affairs with his any time. First, let s review Donald Trump s record on military strategy. He never served in the military and never served the government. During the primary campaign, Mr. Trump also made it very clear that he had no understanding of the nuclear triad or nuclear strategy. This is perhaps the most important thing any potential commander-in-chief needs to understand. He goes on to talk about specifics and how Trump is literally wrong about everything, but especially his assertion that Mosul is a  disaster. The attack on Mosul is turning out to be a total disaster. We gave them months of notice. U.S. is looking so dumb. VOTE TRUMP and WIN AGAIN!  Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 23, 2016McCausland wrote: When it comes to the question of the Mosul offensive, Mr. Trump doesn t understand that 99.9 percent of the troops involved are Iraqi. War remains politics by other means, as Clausewitz once said. The Iraqi government has had a political imperative to publicly state that they would liberate Mosul since it was occupied by ISIS over two years ago. It is the second largest city in the country, and consequently Prime Minister Abadi has had a political imperative to reassure the Iraqi people that this was a goal. Iraq is a sovereign state, which has always been a goal of U.S. policy, so once cities like Ramadi or Fallujah in southwestern Iraq were liberated, everyone knew Mosul was next. He also criticized Trump s plan to take the oil from Iraq, saying that it would take a mind boggling number of troops and would create a lot of casualties. He also says that the population of Iraq would never stand for it. Why would they. Plus, it s a war crime. Not that Trump cares about that.In the end, he simply says,  I reassert my statement to the New York Times: Mr. Trump doesn t know a damn thing about military strategy. The fact is, Trump has literally zero experience with military strategy. Like so many rich kids, he never served in Vietnam. In fact, the man who touts his stamina on the campaign trail was excused from the war for having bone spurs on the heels of his feet. Trump is dangerous, and as so many have said, he should be allowed within miles of the nuclear codes.Featured image via Dickinson.edu. ",0
4006, Trump Supporters Caught Making Anti-Semitic Chants At Official Rally (VIDEO),"Donald Trump and his political campaign have become, over the last year, ground zero in America for anti-Semitic activity from white supremacists, neo-Nazis and others who hate Jews and ethnic minorities.The latest example comes from a Trump rally in Phoeniz, Arizona, where a man was caught on video yelling  JEW-SA  to reporters sitting in the cordoned off section of Trump s rally.Guy chants ""Jew-S-A"" in front of press pen pic.twitter.com/2yqgA6dD4k  Nick Corasaniti (@NYTnickc) October 29, 2016The video was recorded by Nick Corasantini who is covering the Trump campaign for the New York Times.Trump s campaign has been embraced and supported by the so-called  alt-right,  a rebranding of white nationalists who seek to remove the influence of anyone who isn t a white Christian from America. The  alt-right  regularly promotes Nazi memes online and off, and has repeatedly abused reporters and commentators who are Jewish with death threats, online attacks, and more.Instead of rejecting these people, Trump s campaign has supported them. Trump has re-posted their messages through retweets on his Twitter account, while he has also given them official credentials to cover his campaign and to report from the floor of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland.Additionally, Trump s son Donald Jr. gave an interview to a white supremacist radio show, where he and the host lamented  political correctness. Trump s policies have been lauded by white supremacists, specially his anti-Muslim policies, especially his proposal to ban immigration to the United States by Muslims.Former KKK member and leader David Duke has endorsed Trump, and said he was inspired by the support for Trump and decided to run for the U.S. Senate from Louisiana. Duke has attracted enough support within the Republican Party there to qualify for an invitation to a Senate debate, which is being held at a historically black university.In a CNN interview, Trump refused to directly rebuke or renounce Duke s support, choosing to do so only after he was on TV. Many white supremacists took this as a sign of support from Trump for their movement.Featured image via screen capture",0
4007," New York Magazine Confirms: Trump LITERALLY Only Cares About One Thing, And It’s NOT Winning","With just ten days to go until the election, one would expect that Donald Trump and his campaign would be in a flurry of final pushes to win over undecided voters, and maybe, possibly a final push towards really reaching minorities. Instead, his campaign is just as screwed up now as it was when it launched, according to an in-depth look at the campaign courtesy of New York Magazine. Perhaps most damning is that Trump has more or less told his own campaign manager how he really feels about people, even his own followers: I got really mad at him the other day, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway told me. He said,  I think we ll win, and if not, that s okay too.  And I said,  It s not okay! You can t say that! Your dry-cleaning bill is like the annual salaries of the people who came to your rallies, and they believe in you!' He shrugged off all his followers in that conversation, as well as Conway. While a ton of his followers are pretty disgusting people, they re still his followers, and he really ought to give half a damn about them. Honestly, though, why would a narcissist like Trump care about anyone? The biggest reason the campaign has failed to reach various sectors of the population is, in large part, because Trump thinks he can just do whatever he wants.But that s not all. It s actually to be expected that Trump wouldn t care about anyone but himself. However, he doesn t know what to do with all these followers. All he really knows how to do is keep them fired up in their righteous anger. In doing so, their blind devotion feeds his ego and helps keep him in the spotlight.And instead of listening to guidance from his advisers, he s increasingly using the campaign just to bolster his brands. His style, which bugged the hell out of his former manager, Paul Manafort, continues to bug the hell out the rest of his staff. The only exception might be Steve Bannon, who may have his own plans for all those supporters whom Trump is throwing under the bus.Some say that Trump can t handle actually taking advice, including Manafort s advice to keep a low profile and force the media to focus on Hillary: His ego couldn t handle it,  said one Republican close to the campaign.  Hillary understood that Trump needed to be the focus.  As his poll numbers climbed, Trump felt he didn t need to listen to Manafort.  The worst part about Trump is when he was ahead,  the prominent Republican said.  He d get into the lead and then he would veer off and start defending his interests and his honor and it had nothing to do with what people actually care about. He s not disciplined. And his ego is what fueled his feud with the Khans, who are a Gold Star family that lost their son in Iraq in 2004. That was all about his ego   he didn t even know what a Gold Star family was before he decided the Khans were his enemy: The election is about the American people, it s not about you,  Manafort told Trump, according to a person briefed on the conversation. Trump countered with Breitbart s report on Khan s purported belief in Sharia.  He s not running for president,  Manafort shot back.  The Clintons did this to us to waste our time getting off message. And it worked   it worked very well. Everything anyone has ever done in this campaign to get Trump off message and onto whatever just bruised his poor widdle ego again has worked.Trump might well be looking to the future   but it s very likely not a future in the White House that he sees. There have been rumors floating around that he s using this campaign to start his own media company. His son-in-law, Jared Kushner, is busy compiling 14 million email addresses and credit card numbers of loyal Trumpkins, which New York Magazine speculates could form the basis of a new Trump media company.While Kushner denies all of this, a spokesman for a Republican who declined to be named told the magazine: Kushner has approached Wall Street bankers and pitched ideas for media start-ups.  How do we monetize this?  he s asked. (Through a spokesperson, Kushner denied having such meetings.) Whether it s his own media company, or promoting his own business interests and ego, or both, it s clearer now than ever that Trump doesn t care what happens to his followers, let alone whether or not he wins. He wants the spotlight. How he gets it is of no consequence, and what he does with it is of even less consequence. This could be good news for us because it could solidify Hillary s win, but it lays bare the sheer lack of character that exists within Trump.Featured image by Sara D. Davis via Getty Images",0
